===== 0002601_19110701_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Strawberry Jam

IS PERFECTION.

New season's now ready.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
PRO I'ESTANT CHURCHMEN are heartily invited to the Services held every Sunday at 10.30 a.m. sad 6.30 p.m. at Emmanuel (Reformed) Church, Bold at., Werringtort. All male free. Prayer Hooke provided. REV. WILLIAM T. JAYE (Carste-ia-cherge). BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 2ND. Paxson:l: REvoIACKSON STEWART CHEDBURN, Morainic 10.30. Evealog 6.0. OFFERTORIES.

APTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET. TO-MORROW ASUNDAY), JULY 2ND.

P Morning 10.497 livening 690. JOHN HARRISON, Est.!, (Liverpool.) BIBLE CLASS, 3 O'CLOCK. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BEWBEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY No, 1911. Mining 10.30. REV. W. SEED. Evening 6.30. REV. E. BLANSHARD REELING. All Welcome. Hymn Book. provided. JOHN-6.-TT- 'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JUNE .2:01, 1911. 10.45 A.M. REV. J. J. GLOVER, Risley. 630 P.M. REV. W. L. DUNLOP, M.A., Wise.. WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, BE WSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY tsis, 1911. PREACHER: REV. J. YONGE. Morning 10.30.: "In Memoriam" (the Late Mr. Francis Brown). Evening 6.30. Communion Service 7.45. P.S.A. FOR MEN AT 3 P.M. BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 2ND. MORNING 10.30.: REV. P. W. KERNICK. EVENING 6.30. : REV. WALTER SEED. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. EURJECT I "Human Hindrances to Divine Power:' MEN'S 111C,LE CLASS, 115. SPEAKER, REV. WALTER SEED " Whst dot h Jehovah requite of Thee, Ac.' ISLE OF MAN.—TRAVIS'S "The Warrington" BOARDING ESTABLISHMENT, CENTRAL PROMENADE DOUGLAS, ESTABLISHED P. TRAVIS, 27 Yours.

Terms from 5/6 per day. pADuA L WESLEYAN SUNDA), sI,IIOOL. IN AID OF RE BUILDING FUND. A GARDEN FETE will be bald at ENFIELDHALL, FEARNHEAD, to SAII.IRDAY, JULY Mb. to be Opentd at 3 p.m. by MRS. A. H. CROSFIELD. Teas and Refreshments. Sports, eenir, Bowls and as Acrobatic Display by Mr. A. blottram and Fluty. and otter Amusements. Coaveyanam will meet Trains and Trams.

-CASHME COUNTY AMATEUR BOWLING ASSOCIATION. ..-.-.--

INDIVIDUAL-11111a r COMPETITION. To be played at the CENIETEILY HOTEL, MAHRINGTON. The First Round will commence cn SATURDAY, JULY Bth, 1911. Entries Mooed and the draw made at the Cemetery Hotel op Thursday, July 6th, .1 7.30 p.m. Entrance Fee Se. . _

C. SMITH, Secretary. WARRINGTON PROGRESSIVE LABOUR LE tGUE.

OPEN-AIR MEETING AT BRIDGE FOOT, ON MONDAY EVENING AT 7.30.

Sui•ICIR : COUNCILLOR JAMES KENDALL J.P.,

biANCHISTIM. CnAnut AN : MR. JAMES JARMAN

WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY'S (ftssi ok.rr : SAULTBL SANDAY, Esq, J.P.) SHOW er BESINGION 12m Aso 13TH JULY.

PRIZES EXCEED £2,000. ENTRIES CLOSE 10... Ist JULY, hut soy teat under cower bearing ea miginating Postmark up to that time will to soeepted. Old Calabar Bench, Pea aod Feed. H. EDWARDSON, Secretary. T.I. 286 B'bead. 6, Hamilton Sq., Birkenhead

===== 0002601_19110701_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
Olk - kl 11 141 A t ite L‘- i Ail • ‘,4,11 tin L4l ~„)w

SATURDAY, JULY 1, 1911.

THE WARRINGTON TRADES EXHIBITION. EMPIRE HALL WARRINGTON. September 28th to October 14th.

The Managers of the Empire Hall beg to Intimate to Manufacturers, Merchants and Retailers, that it is their Intention to organise a huge Trades Exhibition in the above Hall, which is the largest in Warrington and ranks as one of the finest in Lancashire. " Empire Hall " has a floor area without impediment or column of 18,000 square feet and possesses the most improved conveniences, having a fine Lounge Bandstand, Offices, Cloak Rooms and Electric Fitments so necessary for an ideal Exhibition.

The Musical engagements are unique and Include the celebrated Verona Ladles' Orchestra, as well as local singers and entertainers both Amateur and Professional. In addition many Side Shows of an amusing and pleasing nature have been secured to ensure a varied and complete change of Program each day during the full period of the Exhibition.

The whole arrangements surpass anything that has been previously attempted In Warrington. The Exhibition will afford the leading retail houses a long-wished-for opportunity of availing themselves of this unequalled form of publicity. For Plans and full particulars apply to Messrs SMITH & TURTON, Crampton's Chambers, Bridge Street, Warrington. Empire I fen '•

W V. TURTON, Secretary.

Telepliono 309. Telegraph) Address : "Progress."

===== 0002601_19110701_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
No 1589 011 PENNY

PALACE AND

HIPPODROME.

7.0-TWICE NIGHTLY-9.0. MONDAY NEXT, JULY MN 1911.

FLORRIE FORDE, THE WORLD'S GREATEST CHORUS SINGER. HIPPODROME PERFECTION PICTURES.

NORAU STOCKELLI, Comm4in.

JOHN HENRY, The Popular Basso Vocalist. THE FIMANS, Comedians. SYLVESTER TRIM. • Drawls( Room Rehearsal.

MIKE CRAY, ECCENTRIC COMEDY JCGGLER,

Osllery, 24. ; P.t, 4d. ; Circle, Ild. ; Stull., le. IJAIRCOMBINGS I made up 2/.. per nu. COVERLETFE I TAILS OF MOM HAIR FRAMES, PURR 5/6 FROM $O3 IACR. HAIR. T. B. BROWN, 3, LEECH ST. (CAR IS ATION), LIVERPOOL.

/PENT'S, SALE Or HIRE, Cart Sheets, Horme- -1 clothe, Cart Ropes, Twines, roofiog felt ac. Repairs and Ite-dreseing.—ALEX McCONNELL. 90, BUTTERMARKET.STREET (Opposite old 6-lowan), WARRiNOTON.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is prepared to receive loans, either at six months notice or for a term of yeara.—Applination to bo sada to the $OllOl. CH TREASURER, Municipal CMOS, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
He WOOD, Tailor,

5, Market Place, Warrington Under Deed of Assle ~en, This high-class stock so!ti TO-DAY, SATURDAY, at II prompt.

J. WHEALE, Aucti .

POST OFFICE TELEGRAPHS.

PURStANT to the PrOVision) of the Telegraph Act., 1863 to 1068 :

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that His Majesty's stmester-Gearrel, haring r btained the consent in that behalf of the body I riving the control of the Public Road tetween More Station (L. St N. W. R sod the New Post (like, Moore, intends to place a Telegraph over and along the raid Public Road, and for t hat purpose to erect and maintain posts in and 111,013 the said Public Road under the powers conferred oil him by the Telegraph Acts above menti ant d. .

..... MATTHEW NATHAN, Secretary. General Post °Moe, 24th Jana, 1911. T IvEßrow, SUMMER ASSIZES, 1911 _ . . . . . . .

lb. Commiminne for holding three Amires will be opened at Liverpool, on Saturday, the let July. liminess, both Criminal and Civil,, will COIIIMOIICO on MONDAY MORNING, the rd July, at II o'clock. The Proeecutore and Witnesses in the aft re-mentioned cases arc required to le in Lttenclance at the limes specified in the following List, and not earlier; and on all subsequent dale, at the sitting of the Court; and the trials aro to proceed In the order in which the cases are arranged in the List, unless the Court shall other- wise direct, vie. On MONDAY, the 3rd July, at 11 o'clock, e.m. Tbe King versus Michael Bosch, Burglary ' • Henry Holland, Mint Case ; Henry Morton Jones, lliramy ; Henry Lewis, Criminal Assault ; Peter Onion, Criminal Assault ; Jane Blatherwick, Murder Thomas Collier, Shooting with intent ' • William Menage ihrewitt, Poles Pretence.; Ellen Broome, Murder ' • John Pier., Criminal Anault ; Edward Cartwright, Robbery ; Thomas Cubbin, House- breaking ; Jame. Kay and another, siropbreaking ; John Minton, Criminal Mundt ; Harry flitch, Larceny ; John Halligan, Wounding ; Robert McGowan, Robbery John Colwell, Criminal Aesault ; Percy Richard Trapnell, Criminal Assault ; Arthur Hemming, False Pretences ; Annie Walsh, Bigamy t . .

===== 0002601_19110701_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
and all other cues.

An Indictments settled by Comma! must be forwarded to me Engrosaed and Abstracted. The foregoing Regulations will be strictly enforced, end persons making default in the observance of them will be liable to have their costa disallowed.

HEftBERT STEPHEN, Clrk of Assize.

Mice of Clerk of Assize, Preston,' 27th June, 1911. N.13.—1t is particularly requested that all Deposi- tions, Inquisitions, and Recogeisauces may Ise Immediately forwarded to me, at Preeton.

HENRY WAINWRIGHT, 7, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL. Large op-to-date Stock of JEWELLERY, SILVER sod ELECTRO-PLATE suitable for WEDDING PRESENTS.

ENGAGEMENT RINGS A SPECIALITY. REGISTERED 22cT. GOLD WEDDING RINGS

ESTABLISHED 1798.

FREE. FREE. FREE. TO ALL USERS OF A OENIIINE EDISON PHONOGRAPH

A Most Useful Article will be mat poet free on receipt of a gd. postcard, giving type of Machine—Gem, Standard, or Home—and Special Number of Machine, to JAKE GRAHAM, 711.76 a, RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED

SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OP AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS, & OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXE AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, Ac. WORKS : ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON

B. CUNNINGHAM

29. FROG HALL LANE. VeARRINGTON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Baits's Pale Al., 13swee No.l Strong Al.. Worthington's end Allsopp's Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatlev's and black's Thy Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey'. LAGER 136311 13 BOTILIo

ALSO AIANUPACTORIRS Or RINI-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. Telephone 79.

GEDDEEFEI DANDELION COFFEE.

THE BEST AND CIDIAPBST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. BOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS ID., lOU., AND 16. 811. EACH. WHOLINALB BY J. GEDDES SON LTD. WARRINGTON

UP-TO-DATE Bespoke Tailoring. Smart Cut. Perfect Fit. Latest Styles.

Small Deposits & Weekly Payments from 1 6.

From Rainproof Overcosts... .. 21/- Gent's Suita ... 31/6 Youths' Suits 23/6 Ladies' Costumes ... Ladies' Coats 9111 If unable to call, send postcard and our representative will visit you at your own homed', with New SeSsoll'S Patte:ns, du.

Watson, Scott & Co., 62. OLDHAM STREET, MANCHESTER.

/1

===== 0002601_19110701_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
11L' ‘l,b

le. Pd. per Annus .012. h.7ja. re."SCrper Quarter credit.

TEETH ATTEND, TEETH 9 EGYPT STREET.

TEETH

WARRINGTON.

EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Branch.. at TEETH NORTHWICH, WINSFORD aad

MIDDLEWICH TEETH (s. Local Papers).

old ® abar CHIC ALA A DRY FEW FOR CHICKENS AGENTS

CARTER & SON Bridge St. Warrinoton

===== 0002601_19110701_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
PRACTICAL POULTRY FARMING.

(By Redcap.)

THE LAST CHAPTER.

As I stated in last week's issue, this will lie my concluding article for the present setoon, and further I promise.' to deal with the remaining matters uf the year in calendar form. The work done in the poultry world in July is almost a copy of what I advised for June so we will pass on to . .

Some of the early batched pullets will be commenc- ing to lay. DJ not force them ; keep them nicely on the move, hut under no consideration moat you give condiments. It is sometimes a temptation to encourage the early pullets to lay too rapidly. , Depend upon it, if you force them they will sutler for it in the long run. The seaside trade fir dressed poultry is now at its height and thove who cater for this clam should embrace every opportunity. Weed out all the cockerela not intended for stock purposes and feed them up so that you may realize the best prices. During this month you shou'il finally overhaul the sheds and sleeping quarters, give tin m an tittle crat of tar outside and a lime-wash inside. Repair all the fences where necessary and get your farm in good order while the weather is good and the days are long,

===== 0002601_19110701_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
srrinrlnt.

Generally epeaking. this is the month f the moult. Most of the old stook birds will now be heavy in moult. They should therefore be encouraged to ' get through as rapidly as possible. As they show signs of dropping the feathers, place them in a warm and dry place. Feed them liberally on oily foodstuffs Mit A little linseed meal in the morning's mash, and give them a good sprinkling if hemp-seed and sun- flower seed in the evening meal of grain. Thoroughly weed out the stock ; cockerels and pullets must be kept apart. Do not let the young pullets mix with old hens. This is also a good month to set duck eggs for the Christmas market, and also eggs from the best quality table fowls. Gather as ninny autunin leaves as you po-sibly can. They will come in handy for the scratching sheds during. the winter months.

You may now commence feeding the pullets more generously. Give them an occasional feed of cut green bone, awl when they do start to lay you may give them the grcen bone daily but do not over feed). Overhaul the foster-methers' and chickens' coop and thoroughly clean them before being stored nosy for the winter.

Beware of bad weather and feed accordingly. If very cold give the pullets a feed of maze in the after- noon. Keep the houses warm and dry and see that the fowl have plenty of dry litter to scratch among Always remember that dampness is absolutely deli- mental to egg-production. The morning mash cluring these cold months allude) be more tubstantial. A good mixture is as follows : Pea-meal, one part maize meal, one part ; third., one part ; to two parts biscuit meal. Live this mixtuto well scalded &IA dried off. Green food in plenty should be given at WOO. Don't forget the supply of sharp Ilitd grit. DE, EMBER. _ .

'The fowls and docks intended for the Christmas market should now he hurried en. Place them in a dry shed and feed them liberally three times a day. Oct your orders for these in good time no that you Carl better estimate p.m. operations. In feeding get cif possible) a good supply of skim-milk. This mined with ground oats, constitutes a good feeding mixture. , Do your best to produce good specimens, remembering ' that if you give satisfaction to new customers, you always retain them. Pay special attention to the pullets. I shall not be far out ill say now that eggs las per usual) will be :M. each in December and onwards. So that if you follow my previous remarks closely (and providing your stock is of a good laying strain.) you will get eggs in abundance. The most forward pullets could be reserved for an early breed- ing pen. If you intend hatching chicks in January, you will be obliged to mote up in December. There- fore you should select the earliest and best grown pullets for this purpose. If you mate up a pen if pullets port should riot mate them with a cockerel. Always mate a second year male bird with pullets. so that you may hope I,r rigorous offspring.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
TIEC END.

And no now we come to the end. Many more new readers have been added to my long list during the present season, and I hr.pe that this method of dealing with the rest of the season in calendar form will prove helpful to them. It does not say that because these articles will not he wen for rime time to come that I shall be out of touch with yur. A postcard will always find me and if you are in difhicultiee I shall only be too pleased to help 300. Meanwhile, b,st wishes for sarcoma, and may you have a plem' supply of eggs at twopence each !

SIT, 111. TO 81.411:18

.„ ....... I have just received a copy of " l'ractical Poultry keeping for small-holders." This wonderful Lula book is written by two very rminent poultry-keepers. Messrs. J. Stephen hicks and Wilfrid 11. G. Ewart. Both these gentlemen are practical poultry-keepers, and in their book they houestly state the case of poultry-keeping for small-holders. The Look is Invaluable to small farmer.. It contains no over- drawn statements. There is nothing of the imaginary about it. It contains plain facts. A real honest attempt to assist the British farmer, in competition with foreign produce is what is chiefly aimed at. It is beautifully illusttated. It contains advice on bow to start, the beat brteds to go in F. r, general management, breeding, chicken rearing, egg production, disposing of produce, fatten- ing, the fancy side, ducks, turkeys, geese, disease remedies (simple), etc., etc. A rather unique idea is ihe addition of other branches of smell farming, such la pig keeping, fruit growing. sheep. tine and goats. Lastly it contains several chapters on the business side. Most valuable advice is given. I strongly recommend all my readers to obtain a copy of this most wonderfully cheap and concise treatise on •' Practical poultry keeping for amall-holders." Too can get it at low a figure as Oil., or post free for from the publishers, " The Feathered World," 9, Arundel-street, Strand, London, W.O This is the beat bit of advice I can give y u as I close my chapters tor this meson.

Jaws M'Cluinhesa, a fruiterer, Pinner's Brow, I {Carrington, was summoned at the Liverpoi I Police Court, on Tuesdar, for using ahueive language in a railway carriage at tha Cont,al Station in the presence of e led 3. The language was described an " filthy in the last degree," and the rh•cimuni persity of 10a, and costs was imposed.

' I n the , OURTS r-

AN OBJECTIONABLE PASSENGER.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Borough Pollee Court.

SATURDAY.—Before Mr. 11. T. Fairclongh(in the chai v Dr. Foe, and Mr. A. J. Jolley. "Lion A WILD 111'1.1.."—Richerd Chadwick. 4, Foundry-street, was rharged with being drunk end disorderly in the Market-place and with naesultins Morris Collins. P.C. Fish mid that et 11.55 on the Slat inst. chile on duty in the Market Place. he had eccasion to talk to the prisoners' ife for creating a eisturhance. It appeared that the prisoner's son wee chastised for steali..• some articles from the stall of the witness, Morris Collins. First the prisoner's wife • went to see Collins shout I him chastising the boy and then the prironer went. The constable did not see the prisoner strike the witness. Morris Collins mid the prisoner rushed at him liken wild bull, knocking the pipe out of his mouth and hrtaking a tooth. l'risoner wee lined 10a, and costs.

MONII V.—Before the Mayor (in the choir), Aide... Bolton, Messrs. S. Wright, 11. Thornton, G. Pilling, W. Roberts, and Dr. Fox. Sol/ ',Mit, OE IN COT no.—Walter Corroboy, 56 Back Dallam-lane, was charged with being drunk on the licensed premisen of the Golden Grove in Lymwstreet. Detective Sergeant Reddington said that at 9.35 on the 23rd Rig be wow the prisoner, who mu drunk, enter the Golden Grove. Ile followed him in and ordered the manager not to serve biro. Ptiaoner hnd only just previously been turned ont of the Lion !total. %%hen he went into the Golden Grove he asked the manager to put. penny to his one so that be COUI4I have a drink. —The Chief Constable said that prisoner waa before the Court on Saturday when the case was adjourned. On Friday the prisoner's wife went to the Police Station pleading for him to be bailed mit eo tunt he would not have to lose his work. The police took compassion on him and liberated him at live o'clock On Saturday morn' leg so that he could get to work for eix. When he got to court no ten o'clock he wag drank again end started to use bad languege in the court. After the police: taking compassion on the prisoner through Ws wife's pleading and liberating him he went and got more drink. Twenty-four previous convictions were proved against the prisoner who was fined 10s, and costs. Trltil/ A V.—Before Mr. If. Roberts (in the chair), Councillor Jackson Holmes, Mr. J. Rymer Young and Colonel Edelsten.

RIGHT DOWN DF.I.HIGIIATM CHLIELTV.—Tbroe youths named James Holbrook, 21. West-street t Frederick Bates, 3, Charles-street, and George Jones, 13, Philip street, all employed as labourers at the Hallam Forge, , were summoned for ill-treating and abusing a horse on the 17th inst. All the defendants pleaded guilty.— Evidence wan tendered to the effect that the lids bit the home with a steel role and threw stones at it-- Inspector Dee, of the R.S.P.C.A . said be examined the animal and found a big use on the neck about nine Cr ten inches lone, ends number of eritsi n the hack and between the hind legs. The incident bsppened inn field near Catherine-street, and at the heck of Hallam forge where the boys were employed but they had to cross the railway to get to it. Ile had received con, plaint. of this kind of behaviour for a number of weeks. —Mr. Joseph Lloyd, the owner of the horse said the wound on its neck our a fresh one end had evidently been done with the steel rule. The Bench imposed a floe of rta. and costs each (1(1, ltd. each). The Chair- men remarked that they had been very leniently dealt with,. It was not a usual ease of cruelty, but it wan right down deliberate cruelty end they were liable to a penalty of £5, with two mo•tbs' alternative. WEDNENDAY.—Before Mr. ( harles(.White (in the chair), _ "•

Mr. J. W. flayouird, Councillor Janke. Holmes and Mr. W. T. Willie.,

5;711....i.H1L.T1=14.....1Yhis the rge is nr o becoming a very common one despite the heavy penalty which ensue and on the above day Albert Coacer, 30, Hoylewtreet, was charged with loitering et the roar of Pierpoint- street on the 21st inst. for the purpose of betting.— The defendant, who ens represented by Mr. A. Boone, pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constab'e raid that Detec- tives Holland and Woollazot we e detailed to keep obeervation on the street in question on the 21st inst. Between 12 and 2 o'clock the & fondant was seen to hold convoreatlon with 37 men and

other pennant, from st hom he took slips and money. Defendant lets the vicinity for • short time but again returned and was arrested at 2.15 When charged at the Police Station he admitted the offence. Mr litowne mid the defendant denied taking the 31 rilipa although Le did not deny taking one slip. Ile had not worked for sin years no log to hieing in a consump- tion and he had been living on the kindnewt of his sisters and brother.. He had to take to his bed after his apprehension and had bean there until yesterday. Ile was requested to take this slip because another MO wan ill. It was the custom at that court to fllle a nmn a large amount for that kind of offence. A magistrate at I.ymm used to fine a man in comparison to his wages and income and be IMr. Browne, did not think the fines that were inflicted in that court during the last few month. shmtld ha•e teen inflicted. This svas the only Act he knew of where the frill penally was meted out on the first offence. The full penalty stria imposed whether the man was rich or poor. He thought a very small line would meet that case.—The Bench flood the defendant .ClO and costs. "DRAMA T.—Before Mr. J. Rymer Young (in the chair). 91essra. A. J. Jolley and W. T. William.. ANO.IIIEIt BETTING CIIAIGIE •NI/ TB • 1.17A1. FINE.— Mtn= Mather, 40, Forshavr-street, was charged with loitering in • public passage at the rear of Forshaw- street, for the purpose of street betting. Ile pleaded guilty.—P.C. Skelton raid that he was keep.ng observe- hien at the rear of Forshavratreet from about noon. About 12.90 he saw the pr aoner going in the direction of Howleydano when a man followed and handed something to him which he put into his trotter's pocket. Ile saw sit different men hand the prisoner eamething which he put into his pocket. At 12.50 he can arrested and taken to the Police Station and when charged he replied in the negative.—TheChief Constable said that when searched £l2 12s. 3d., what is described in the betting world as a psying-eut alio, and mid- day issue of a sporting paper, were found in his poraession. He had not been before the Court eines, PM, when he was fined, together with some others, £75 for the SEMI, perpose.—The Bench imposed a fine of £lO and coats.

tiM

===== 0002601_19110701_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
TANNING MATERIAL IN GERMANY.

Boomerang Effect of a Pro tective Duty.

Some interesting remarks on the effect of the ditties on quebrachn in Germany are given in the report of the trade of Bavaria for ItKi9 —lO by Mr. Ehrenracher, the British Coneul. In a debeG in the Baverian Chamber of Deputies, the question of the leather industry and the duty no quebracho wan raised. It was mentioned that the tariff on quebracho had not caused tie expected rise of prices of German oak bark rut the contrary, the liaverian leather induntry had suffered heavily, and therefore it seemed advisable to ennui the said tariff.

the duty,- it may be e—die-d,—;Cas about 35 per cent., and according to the Consul :- 1 "The consequence eves that the German leather industry was under the impreseion thst by showing a certain reserve it could force quebracho prices down• ward, and thue throw the duty rrn the shoulders of the Argentine exporters. lb. Argentine owner, of quehracho, however, found other markets, especially the United States of America. A rise in the quebracho market set in. To the German tanners the rise includ- ing the duty, mean. an enhanced seine of 100 per cent. In comparison with ths foreign competition, the German tanners have, therefore, been injured to, at leest, the extent of the duty. " In face of the present situation, it is considered that the Bavarian Government will now have to do its utmost to secure the abolition of the ditty, which, when introduced, was not intended to be a revenue duty, but a protective duty for Germanoak bark." The shove is instructive, and plainly shows the German tanners have their own specual set of difficulties to contend with in their efThrts to produce cheep leather from dear loideth—From the " Tennera' Tear Book."

===== 0002601_19110701_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE CURSE OF SOCIETY.

Bookmakers were the curse of society, deelsred the Common Sergeant in the Central Criminal Court on Wednesday during the hearing of &case in which three men seer, charged a jib falsifying the book, of their employers, end embewslieg money to the amount of £5OO. Ile had to point out in one court after another bow servants, clerks, merchsnts and business men were constantly led to acts of dishonesty by temptations Geld out by bookmakers to mek• great end sadden r Dina The accused were sentenced to eighteen =nods imprisonment each.

The death has taken place of Matthew Kinsella, one of the oldest members of the Fenian crgmisation in Dublin. Kinsella tees connected with the Invincible movement and was setter ced to 15 years' imprisonment for h s association sq it h the Tighe-street murder in 1591. De served the fol, term of hr imprisonment in 51aryltorou8h, Dosropstrick, and Mountjoy prison,

===== 0002601_19110701_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
, • emit., -:•-•tit

THE REV. WILLIAM ROCKLIFF (Rector).

CLERGY OF THE CHURCH OF THE SACRED HEART.

The Church of the Sacred Heart, which serves the Itrman Catholic population of the Bank Quay district, has been a centre of great and constantly increruting usefulness since its erection in 1895 as the successor of a very unpretentious mission building. It 114 dignified and handsome edifice and its tall lower forms one of the most conspicuous landmarks ia the locality. The name of the Rev. Michael Ryan, who did such noble pioneer work, will ever he assuciated with the Church of the Sacred Heart, for it was he who instituted the original mission at a house in Lovely-lane in 1892 and gathered about hint such an earnest band of wurkers as to make the provision of a larger building a pressing necessity. The first removal was to an old works in Liverpool, 'ad on tEe ante note occupied by the extension of Messrs. Crosfield's great concern. At a very opportune time the Very Rev. Dean Lennan made an offer to build five churches in various parts of the Liverpool Diocese, and Warringt,n was one of the selected towns. Six thousard pounds were allocated to the erection of a church in the Bank Quay District, and thus it came about that the foundation atone of, the present Church of the Sacred Heart was laid, amid great rejoicinspr, on June 3rd, 1891, by the Very Rev. Monsignor James Carr, Vicar Captular. In the meantime the lick-up shop, which is now the club room of the Ycung Men's Society, was taken for mission purposes until the scheme could be completed. The new church was opened with great solemnity in June, 1895, by Bishop Whiteside, of Liverpool, and its progress up to the present day has been highly encouraging to all who have devoted themselves to the advancement of the good work there. After seventeen years of devaed service the Rev.M. Ryan left Warrington towards the end of 190'.),t, become Rector of the Church of Our Lady Star of the Se r .St. Anne's-

RELIGIOUS e- SOC/A,

THE BEV. 111CLIAEL DOWLEY (Asiiiistriol Priest).

ou-Ses. The members of the congregation Fresented hits with a beautiful chalice inscribed so follow.. " Presented to the flee. Michael Ryan by the con- gregation of the Sacred Heart, Warrington, as a token of their deep esteem and gratitude to him as the founder of their mission and its astor for 17 years. December 11 h,M00."--

The Rev. William Rockliff, who succeed.' the Re•. M. Ryan as Rector, was born at Liverpool in and was educated at St. Edward's College there. He read his theological course at St. Joseph's, Upholland, and was ordained to the priesthood by the Right Rev. Dr. O'Reilly, Bishop of LirerpooLin I gB7. Ile served his first curacy under the present venerable Vicar- General, Monsignor Carr, at Formby for nine years. Then he was appointed Rector of Fleetwood, which position he held also for nine years. Afterward. Father 11.xklill was Rector r,f St. Mary's, Widnes, For four years, whence be was tranferred to his present position es Rector of the Church of the Sacred Heart. He has carried cut many writing improvements in the church and preehytery since his advent to Warrington. The Rev. Michael Dowley hails from the 7" old country" and is always proud t acknowledge the fact He statliel f r the priestheal at St. John's College, Waterford, and was ordained there ten years ago. Coming to Liverpool Diocese on a temporary mission he served his first curacy for three years at Wigan. I.ater he was for two years in Liverpool city, and was then appointed assistant t Father ltockliff at Widnes, where he worked four years. On the letter being appointed to tie charge of the Sacred Heart be took Father Dowley with him as assistant for the special work of Acting Roman Catholic Chaplain to the Warrington Workhouse and Union Hospital. The unique success of Father I) .wley'a Irish Concerts at the l'arr Hall on St. Patrick's Day 1910 and 1911, is well-known in the town.

. . , . / 1 . \ . . ....., \ \ e \ 1 . \ . , f I t ' #) . i • \ ,r ' / • , orf ' 1.... ' 0 1 r . 0 , , k' •., ~ . ql ~. . ~ ~,,. .......,;.....,..._

===== 0002601_19110701_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Ann s Choir

The annnal trip in connection with this choir took place on Satioday. The party, which included the Vicar (Rev. 3. Davies), left Imanli (limy Station for Colwyn Bay, at h 32 in a reserved corridor coach, arriv- ing rir their deatination at shout 10.30 a.m. In spite of the rain some of the visitors explored the Dingle before sitting dawn to an excellent dinner at 12.15 In the afternoon come took the one to Llandudno, while others preferred to spend an hour in the Picturedrome. In this and in various ways the time was pleasantly spent until 1.30, when tea wan partaken of. Leaving Colwyn at 7 27, Warrington wars ro wised at about 10 p.m. A vote of thanks wee pursed to Mr. G. E. Stringer for his satisfactory arrangements.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
Rey. E. N. Swift's Farewell Sermon.

The Rev. E. M. Swift, who has been appointed to a curacy at Crewe, preached his farewell sermon at St. James Church on Sunday evening to a large congrega- tion. Taking for his text " I am riot ashamed of the Gospel of Christ," he mid that they should be proud of that Gospel, sni that they should no conduct tharneelers in their every-day life and amusements os to show that they were proud of it. At the conclusion of his sermon he alluded to hie departure. Ile said thst he had been amongst them for 1 three years, nod he could honeatly say they had been the happiest ears of his life. They had also been the most important, inn, much as it was hie first curacy and ministry, and he had spent his early married life ; there, while Hs son had been horn and had been christened in that church. Ile hoped however that that ; I would not be his last sermon to them but that he would again in the near future ha able to come and preach to them.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Parish Church Choir.

The brerk-down of the %sober greatly interfered with the success of the annual excursion of the adult members of this choir and friends which took place on Saturday. Thirty-two ladies and gentlemen journeyed to Chester and proceeded to the riverside where • steam launch bad been specially chartered to convey the party to the iron bridge, Milford. Arriving there conveyances wore in waiting to drive them to Parndon. Here an excellent lunch was provided at the "Raven" llotel. Owing to the rain most of the party stayed inside, liutening to glees and songs by members of the party. The excursionists subserprenily drove via Gresford and Rossett and returned to Chester. This drive through beautiful country was marred by the inclemency of the weather. At Chester the party eat: down to another repast at the" Bars " Hotel. It was ' intunded to visit the many interesting placer. of the ancient city, but the programme was curtailed owing to the rain, and the party returned to Bank (fogy about eight o'clock. The arrangements were curried out by a sub-committee consisting of Messrs. J. 11. Draper,) Poole, and W. Gennett.

Rev. E. C. E. Carleton nod Constitutional Monarch/. In the course of a sermon preached at holy Trinitl Church on Sunday morning the Vicar (the Rey. E. C. L. Carleton, said, referring to monarchial government Ceder. monarchy we in England have proved that the liberti. of the people can be more easily safe- guarded than under any other aystem. There are always dangers incident to the ....of the sovereigo power, by whomsoever poaseased, requiring it to be anbjected to wise limitations to prevent It becoming absolute ; and the wise men of the nation in the past have directed their churl. chiefly to the devising of ouch limitation. of the sovereign power as might effectually prevent its degeneration into arbitrary rule to the endangerment of the people's liberties. And in thin way it has come about that we English people are no guarded and protected by the laws that no monarch Of minister oan attempt to lay the finger of arhitrary aothority upon the meanest : anbject in the land without being given quickly to moderstand that he is exceeding hi• powers and invading that province of personal liberty which the Constitution guards vs something sacred. Our forefathers provided that on far as possible the people's rights and liberties should be kept in the I minds of the people. 'they were recited to them mor are ttheTtedA tnidols tyi ywoenr I. periodicallyoc.sionborpflt i sovereign's Coronation, whim the king is required to pledge himself to the m•intenance of these safeguards, It was taken for granted that the people preserved a lively recollection of them in their minds, and for that realms, if for ar, other. I am justified in bringing them before your minds this morning. Yen, if our rights sad liberties are to be preserved, it will Le only in so far na we keep them in mind and are acquainted with them sad understand them, so as to he able to perceive at once and on the invent any inadvertent or any inischievouis attempt purpoiely tuarli to deprive . of the benefit of them.

The Training of Sunday School Teachers. Esch leer...us to emphasise the growing importance of the office of Sunday School Terecher and the imperative need for raising the Header(' of tha leeching given in the Sunday schools by the further training of teechers engaged in this work. Coder the management of the Liverp of Diocesan Sonde), School Institute no experiment was tried last year In this direction, when.! " Summer School" Training Week was held at the Training College, %Farrington. So successful was this venture and the rtlllll. so satisfactory that another week of Training bets been decided to, to be held this summers, Ormakirk, commencing 31et Joly. The. Oaf( of lecturers includes the three Orgsnixing Secretaries of the London Sunday School Ineititute, Rev. R. Somerset Ward, BA, Mr. 11. Herbert Pella. MA., (late Master of Method at Battersea Training College) and Miss Phyllis Dent, Rev. Canon Mr Hey Stevenson, MA., Principal of Warrington Training C,ollege and 1t... M. Linton Smith, M.A.. hon. aecretary of the Diocesan Sunday School Institote. beery comprehme sive •31laion Las been prepared, covering topics of the greatest value to all Smiley school teachers. Each day I

the mornings will be givrn over to lecturen, lesson preparation and instruction in blackhoerd work and other illustrative devices ; afternoons will he free for recreation and escrirsions to places of interest in the I vicinity of I trrnskirk ; in the evening session the main items will he lecture. on Or, New Testament, illustrated by limelight, and sectional demonstrations. The letter will take the form of model lessons given to children of varying ages, and nil! I.graded accordingly, teacher. attending those classes corresponding to the ages of the children they themselves teach. The three London secretaries are all experts in this special branch of toecher training, and the local teachers are to be con. gratulated on the opportunity of instruction under such experienced teschers. Each evening there will be • special service in the Ormskirk Perish Church, when well-known preacher, will oocupy the pulpit. The lectures will he given in the Grammar School, kindly lent for the putpome, and all meets will be taken together in the Church Hones, Ormskirk. Bewsey-road Wesley Guilders at Llangollen. About 10 members of thY lieweeproad Wesley Guild on Saturday last enjoyed a first class holiday in North Wales. Stetting soon after 9 am. the party reached Chirk in telembly sunny weather and spent • plesunt time in inspecting the quaint old town, being specially interested in the stately castle. After lunch the journey wee commenced by the Glyn Valley tramway to Glyn C•iriug. Just before two o'clock the rain came on but the holiday spirit was by no means dumped and the march over the mountain to Llangollen proceeded pleasantly. The walk gave them a fine appetite which wis satiated in the Wesley flell,l Llangollen. The party arrived home at 91.

Wycliffe PS A. Society. • Considering the fact that it was a holiday week-end tiler, was a good •ttesdance at the meeting of this Society on Sunday last, presided over by the Secretary. The address was given hy Mr. Littler, of Runcorn, upon " The Value of Prayer." lie said he war at one time an Aguoatio. Ile could not in those day, realise that there was any use for prayer, but for some years be bad experienced a wonderful change. Ile could now see and often felt the value and power of prayer. God loved to listen ti our desires and prayer, but seven-eighths of our prayers were really praise and communion with God. Abraham prayed for others ; Jacob prayed from other motive,; David's prayers ant Psalms were precious ; Ind he (the speaker) wanted them to look specially upon the prayers of Ilerekish, which were mighty ogairat evil-doe:, end the enemies of the children of Israel. Let them pray, work and look for answers anywhere, even amongst the shims if cecesaary. --Mr. Cotton read the Coronation lassos, The Secre- tary led the prayer. Coronation hymns were sung. , Mr. It. J. Thomas aims "1 he sailor's grove" and I " Lead kindly light " with telling xfoci. Mr. W. 11. Payton, Mon. Ilse., presided at the organ. The meeting closed with the National Anthem.

On the proposition of the Sr, rir.tkßY, • vote of evorret by wee pissed with the family of the late Mr. Francis Brown, who has just passed sway after years of Ile WAS for rosily years an active worker in the P.S A., and often prenided over its roeetlngc, Rev. H Dunnlco on

===== 0002601_19110701_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Use and Misuse ot Coronations.

At Kennington Chapel, Liverpcol, on Sunday, the Rev. 11. Duanico, formerly of Warrington, in thfi course of his sermon criticised in drastic terms what he called the unreality of the Coronation. It fostered the foolish idea that monarchy mated upon force of arms, Wan it not en °wrap that in that procesxion which wended Re way from the Palace to the Abbey there was not a single representative of religion, art, scion., tradm commerce or civic government, bat just one 101 l glorification of wan? Such • proceesion was more in keeping with a Pagan than professedly Christi. nation. It wane]. a misuse of the Coronation to entrant it exclusively to one of the many sects in this co.ntry, for that was all the Church that called itself the Church of England was. Evan in F:ngland that Church repro- mated not more than one-half the religious people, whereas in Wales, Scotland end Ireland it represented hot • mail minority. The mine might be said of it In the vast Dominion. .ross the sena Why should one Church out of many exclusively take charge of a cere- mony that should demonstrate the religions as well as the political unity of the Empire? The Coronation was also misused in so fern, it diverted the attention of the people from the artusi reelitim. It was Redi to keep in mind that behind all the military display, the glittering •rray of coronets and coatiy robee, the snobbery of caste and privilege, there were burnsa creatures of divine origin wallowing in the ab.s, hungry wretches stArving on life's highways, millions toiling without hope at the wheel of labour, and little children dying like flies in reeking slums If they did remember them things they might ask whether they were justified in holding costly festivals end wasting hard-earned money.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
St. John's Presbyterian Church.

"_The Union Jack."

IPreaching at Sr. Johns j. 17, evening last the Rev. W. Reid took for his soblect " The Union Jack." lie raid he wished to say a word or too in connection with their national tog. It was a common sight to see it flying, sod they perhaps thought little or nothing about it when they looked at it. There might come • time when they would welcome the sight of it. Per- haps some of the younger member', when awn, from the homeland and in the midst of strangers, would see it 113 teg and it would speak to them of many associotions with the past, tie tatr. Reid) wondered whether they realised the full significance of it, what it meant, and what was the rnemage it spoke to then]. In order to get at its meaning it woe necereary, no to 'Teak, to poll it to pieces to roe what it molly wee. Mr. Reid pro- ceeded to explain the three crosal• composing the Union Jack, and repeated the accounts woolly gives respecting St. George, St. Andrew, and St. l'at rick. These Mori. s, he said, formed the limia of what they saw to-day, signified in

thin corntnrn ;lag of their common rationality. What did it speak to tbem ? Surely they took into consideratit u end remembered the origin of all thin— could they not see that it hed its origin in the otos. of Jesus Christ? It should speak to them • message of freedom, of liberty, of miseionary enterprise, of eel]. sacrifice and of loyalty. It should speak to them a messnyeof absolute religions freedom, political freedom and freedom from everything that would hinder men In their efforts to rite. It should epeak to them of I alimentary enterprise when they thought of St. Andrew • the disciple of their Lord, and the patron a dot of Scotland, when they remembered how he travelled forth to preach the Gospel of his Lord, cornmiseioned direotly by Himself. There he etood in that simple sign, reminding them all of what he nought in the interests ef mankind, end how he ascriflced his if, for the mike of his Mentor and for the ask t of his felions. Thrir Ilsg should stand for protection, and every nation beholding it ought to see In the symbol not that vrhich reminded them of the oppressor's bead, but rather the hand outstretched to raise and help and deliver thorn from every adversary that would nppreas them. It should ,peek to them (his hearers) of their respond. billtiee in the sight of Gtd —that whenever they saw men oppressed, downtrodden and enslaved, they should help them.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
, WAR RINGTON Church /New.

IRISH AFFAIRS. NOTES FOR IRISH READERS.

CAN THE LORDS FORCE AN ELECTION?

The Coronation and the splendour of its celebraiions now being over and gone we are promised some political developments in which Ireland and the Irish are most closely interested. After flamboyant orations by Mr. Balfour on Imperial politics, the minds of the Tories it is said have been busily occupied with the fate and destiny of the Veto Bill. Wrecking tactics are to be adopted whilst the echo of Mr. Balfour's lecture on party, peace, and blessedness still lingers in our ears. It has been rumoured first of all,that the Peers will pass the Veto Bill subject to a reference being made to the people on the point of self- government for Ireland. This was alleged to come from a well authenticated source and we learned yesterday in a political club in London of considerable importance, that a General Election might be forced by the end of next month. Whilst this is not only far- fetched but quite outside the bounds of possibility even in the uncertain sphere of politics, it is however perfectly certain that hurried and important conferences between the Unionist leaders have been held during the past few days, and it is now publicly announced that a wrecking policy is to be adopted in the Lords. Amend- ments have been framed with a view to the Veto Bill being shorn of its constitutional reforms and for the further and main purpose of excluding Home Rule from the scope of its operations. The plain English of all this indicates a position which no body of self respecting men would consent for an instant to be forced into, and it is not difficult to imagine what Mr. Asquith and Mr. Lloyd George and that other splendid fighter, Mr. Winston Churchill, will say in reply to the suggestion that they should thus jettison the central themes and the leading principles of modern Liberalism. Happily the mind of the Government with regard to Ireland is well and clearly understood. But if it were not, had we notffiad leading pronouncements by Mr. Asquith and all his prominent colleagues in the Cabinet we should have no hesitation in declaring that this latest manifestation of Toryism in a temper would not disquiet the minds of the men in Britain and Ireland who sent the present Government back to West- minster to finish the work they had com- menced of giving the House of Commons its due and rightful place in the affairs of the country. The Nationalist position has, of course,been put with such frequent and lucid exposition by responsible Nationalists that the least alert must needs know what that position is. We accept Mr. Asquith's Albert Hall declaration, we have good faith in his considered utterances representing Cabinet policy which he made during the recent election, and we are at present throwing in our political strength—a supreme factor as things balance out to-day—on the clear understanding that those pledges, and not a jot less, shall be redeemed. So that we appear to be approaching a season of exceed- ingly high politica: interest.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOME RULE CAMPAIGN.

We were informed by Mr. Redmond the other day that the arrangements for the ' Home Rule campaign to be carried on in the constituencies of Great Britain were now almost completed. Not even in the height of th 3 enthusiasm of Mr. Gladstone's strenu- ous campaigns was the interest and the zeal greater than that with which the Liberal forces throughout the country are to-day evincing in the cause of self Government for Ireland. Applications for speakers pour in daily and an equal demand is being made for propaganda literature. The campaign I proper will not open until about October and then there is expected to he a host of meetings in almost every part of Great Britain. Mr. Dulanty in response to requests from the young Liberals, of Manchester, Salford and district, has secured Mr. Joseph Devlin, M.P., for the monstre demonstration which is to be held in Alexandra Park, Manchester, and at which Mr. William Jones, M.P., junior Liberal Whip is also to speak. A big demand for tickets is already being made. The Liberal organisations of Warrington and district would do well to consult the local Nationalists, Councillor Owen Toole and others, with a view to linking up Nationalist support and knowledge on this now promi- nent question.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GAELIC LEAGUE.

Spenser, the English poet who knew Ireland perhaps better than any Englishman in the Tudor period, said with reference to the native Irish and their language that "if the tongue be Irish the heart too must needs ho Irish." Anything therefore which helps the Irish language movement helps to keep the heart of Ireland preserved in the strength of its own distinctive nationality. With this idea before their minds, the Gaelic League authorities of South East Lancashire availed themselves of the Coronation Day to hold in deridheacht (open-air festival) in Whalley Range, Manchester, where addresses were delivered by Mr. (YRyan, Mr. J. W. Dulanty and Rev. C. McCarthy. Irish. songs in the old tongue, Irish music and the traditional Irish dances were given by the members of the Gielic League and a truly Irish day was much enjoyed by the large crowd that gathered there. MR. J. DEVLIN'S VISIT.

With further reference to the visit of Mr. Joseph Devlin and Mr. William Jones. junior

Liberal whip, we may add that a con- versazione is being held in the Albion Hotel, Piccadilly. Manchester, on Saturday, July Bth, at 7.30 p.m.. under the auspices of the Manchester and District Nationalist Organization at which the popular member for East Belfast will be the guest of the evening.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB

HOW SURGERY WON AN ELEPHANT'S AFFECTION.

- - - - In the Zoological Garden at Asakusa Park Tokio,Japan, there lives an elephant. He k a wild lumbering beast, but sensible withal. and knows his friends. At times, too, feeling himself aggrieved, lie has attacked and injured seven men, but one man, a veterinary surgeon, can now handle him at will. And it all comes about through surgical aid in time of need that was extended by the surgeon.

„... The elephant. in getting up from the floor where he slept one night, caught his eyelid on a nail, and made an ugly wound, from which hung shreds of the eyelid. The surgeon tells what happened. The story is related by a missionary, who knows the circumstances. The surgeon's narrative is as follows :

"Twos called upon to treat the elephant, and although I felt much afraid of the big beast, as I had heard how wild he was. I determined to attempt it. First of all. I took ropes and endeavoured to fasten his trunk to an iron bar, but my efforts were out at once. "As this plan failed, I knew it would be impossible to treat him by force, but a happy thought came to me. What do you think it was? 1 will tell you. I called to the elephant's keeper, stood him h. front of the elephant, and told him to pretend his eyes were sore by some gesture. I then treated his eyes and bandaged them, and he went away. This 1 repeated three times, whilethe elephant stood quietly watching. After the third treatment I took off the bandage, washed the keeper's eyes, and told him to pretend he was quite well of his sore eyes. He pretended to be very grateful, thanked me many times, and went away. Then with a strong determination I went up to the elephant, and putting a ladder against his big body I climbed to his back. With a pair of sharp scissors I tried to cut off the piece of torn eyelid, hut as I began cutting, the elephant screamed very loudly. I had never heard such a noise, and I was filled with fear in every nerve. I sprang to the floor, and backed away trembling in every limb. On looking up I saw the scissors still dangling from the elephant's eyelid. I then climbed up again very carefully, and summoning all my strength I cut off the piece of eyelid, this time succeeding also to treat him as I desired. Then I washed his eyes. I went every day for some time to treat and wash his eyes, and be soon became so grateful and fond of me to treat him. Thus I succeeded by strategy where force had failed. I visit the elephant once in two weeks, and he still knows me, and looks upon me as his friend. TIIE BOY AND THE BIRD. " (II weed in the ;olden till after ten." Rob's mother said sharply, I'll not speak again." " Dear me," said Bob, sighing, " I w.. 11 I er,uld Is The robin that's singing up there in the tree • '

- Birds never weed gardens- they never bring wood, They do as I'd like to and would if I cLuld. " They've nothing to trouble them -only to sing And rock on the branch when they're Lot on the wing" " See here, little boy," said Robin to Bob. " Though you think I'm Mitt I'm planning a "Four nestlings to rare for- such great hungry things! There isn't much rest for a father bird's wings. "Tine eats try to catch its-the boys area, bad, Birds have work, wants, and worries like others, my' /ad.

"Be content as Gof; made is—as bird, boy, or man. And do what needs doing the best way you can."

EI,ES E. RENI,•1:1, THIS WEEK'S STORY. HIS CONTRACT.

Two tired shoeblacks near to Buckingham Palace were packing up their stock in trade after a very poor day, when a big soldier of the Life Guard type came along and planted his large foot on one of the boxes. The lad gave a sly glance at the enormous size and. shaking his head doubtfully, called across to his young pal, " Here, Joe, lends a hand a've got an Army contract on."

===== 0002601_19110701_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOLFER'S YARN.

• I have heard men offer sundry and divers admirable reasons for their ieabili to play what they were pleased to call their game, in al eh number that it seemed scarcely poseible that in this latter day I ahoull hear • war one. Yet so it hat, happened. Thu, late lark ringing, or the wing, of that ccnrounded cindwit whirling, are mere gross seem impressions in Lresk the ideal concentration of mind and rye upon the ball. This was by for mom subtle eel paychologicsl. - can't play, nay dear fellow," was the form shich this quite novel apology took. more,, I'm completely off cryiFerne—the fact is, I'm slmmt certain that rny caddie's a Radical :" What it into ben politician ! lIOFLACI 111.711.:HIN•ON. icr wary If..

===== 0002601_19110701_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

THE PROPOSED NEW SCHOOL FOR FAIRFIELD WARD.

Site at Last D'icided Upon.

There era. much important business at the monthly Meeting oil the Werringtoti Edna ti .n Committee which wan held et the Town 11.11 on Monday evening. Councillor 11. Roberts prmided and there were .100 present :-1111, A J Jolley (depay-chairiner), Aldecoen Bolton, Jere.. Evans and Tinny., Connrihors Rennie. Birtke, I) c' mason lienehsll. Jackson-II dims, Jonkim, Dr McKee, Steel,Toole end tVilen, ReireJiween Davies, Cason Stevenson and N Meesr.R T Feircloush, .7 °WIWI., is Greening, C K Parker, E Phaeton, F Robert., CII Unsoorth, 0 Walker, J Me on Murisy (director), It II Roberta (aasiatant director), John Fairhurst (treactirer).

TEACHERS AND THE HOLMES CIRCULAR. A letter wee received from Mr. C. JIM., assistant secretary of the Nation,! !Joke of T.ohern,forwarding a resolution adopted hy the conference of that body. His executive hoped that the orttomittie wool! adopt some resolution or take other steps to mark their semie of disapproval of the tenour nd terms of the Holmes 111•100r.d11111, De reflection it cast upon • certain clan of the community in the sei•ice of Local Educe, ion Authorities mud the interference with local control of schools h it indicatcd.

The CHAIRMAN said there MHO only too C011•nr, open to the committe—either to go into committee and discuss the resolution forthwith—st hioh would, no doubt, be inc ovenient—or to refer it to the Sdrool Managemeet Committee fur consideration and report. Alderman BOLTON : I propoee that the School Management Committee deal with the mattt r. I don't want to he troubled h IL

COMICIiiOf STEM, seccaded end the proposition wan agreed to.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW SCHOOLS.

DISCUSSION ON THE FAIRFIELD SITE.

At • meeting if the Sites Rod Buildings Committee amended tenders for the sites for a public elementary school in the Penfield Ward were opened and it one resolved that a plot of land in Gorsey.l toe, containing about 13,605 square yards, be purchased from MIA' lAwton at • coat of £l5O per IL,P, for thn purpose of the erection thereon of n public elementery school to provide &wormed& in for 410 boys, 420 girls and 120 infants, together with a cooko y centre and handl. waft centre, douche letha and a caret:Lutes hone Notice of approval was received born the Breed of Education to the plane for nee boys' deputment of the Bolton Council school to .commodate 420 children with provision fern handicraft centre for 20 boys and douche lithe for 21 scholars. It was noted that the alto in Lovely-lane bad been purchased l'y the Town Council for the combined purposes of . open ensoe end a poblio elementary school, .d it was decided to ask the Generel Porposee Committee of the 'loon Council to allot the centre portion of the Irnd An the site for the school, and tint in the event of their so doing, • plan of the some be auhrnittssi to the Board of Education for their approval. On the recommendation if the .1 reorn•nitte• sppointed to c maid, an to the precision of a SWAM school for physically de'eative children, it sin deterntinrd that a plus of the haul in Parrot:net he aohmitted to the Ito ird of E'uestion for the pingooo otstaining their opinion BR to It. auttability for Such • purrs, no in •ient of the fact that steps ss ill shortly hove to lie taken In re.rd to the plat:rung of the new schools to be built in Poo et reel, Lovely•lene. Oliver- etreet and Corary.lene; it was reedy. thittha director he inatruclel to venue, for Iho co usideratiote of the cometi toe nt their next monthly meeting, • return showing the 0011 t 10 Ino committee in architect,' and clerk of the works' free of the schools already erocted. Alderman flocron moved the cortfirnoli oof the minutes lie arid that aft r going to considerable trouble his cotornit'ee had decided npon Mr. litl•L1.111,1 site, thiokiog that 'hit mu. tbe beet they coald do lot the district. It weldsl be seen that progres, wee being merle io the ell toe to provide dun ecnonimodation at the [Straw) Council echool. It could not he said tint they were in not way lax in providing acoommodation for that part f the town. With tegard to the Lovely - lane eile,the corn° tee thought they ought to have the " plum " of the land evailsllle in order that then )heel might he placed in the centre. They wire expecting to carry the proproktl through tue C mend no lii they ei I not it would not he their fault. "We era inking for enough and we get what we ann." (Laughter.) An important matter whaling to erchito on' and clerks, of worke' fere had barn dealt with. It muon new departure and one which required seri us consideration What theg hod already paid in erchitec's' hes if capitalized would he sofficient for 30 years Unfortunately the Act of Parliament said lint if they employed anyone gerrtnnetttly the charge must be made egainst each year s rates. They could not borrow money to pay I. r lii ials hot they could employ na architect whore choree, could be spread over a period of thirty veers nitro they pald for the scheme as a whole. It WWI very funny position and mad* their was of doing boßinees ex) remely unsatisfactory. Oa thought they would be toning m Rey end at the tame Ilene they woold be en..ing grea•or estisfaation if they had officials of their own. They woold then have a smehorly who was deflnitely enewerehle for anything that might go wrong. It would boa sest'og to the Corporation and a help to the committee, while the whol• loon would benefit by the arrangement. Mr. Jot.hvy seconded the adoption of the mine' ea.

Mr. R. T. PA 111.4C011 movel au amendment that the minute with reference to the site for the school In Fairfield Ward be referred back. Ile pointed out that when the new school was originally decided upon two landowners submitted eight or nine sites which were considered to dear. In the mantic. Mr. Taylor heard of the committee's it:guide. and offered land at a muck lower prioe then the other owners. Acting with the authority of the STee end Building. Contrnitttee the Chairman agreed to purchase the laud at £39 lees than the committee had lined es the bruit which they would give (unit. Iho ErllloStioll Gontnit toe sppreeed the parchnte hot the Town Council ryjnoted it. Ho did not think it once proper wsy of doing lumina.a for tbeoommitlee to go hock upon their hnrgsin. It war only after Mr. Taylor had divulged his price thtt Mr. Lawton appeared on the scene nod lust's a lower foiler. Alderman TINWON seconded the amendment. Ile said that when hi r.Tay lor mode hie offer the committee were delighted is ith it, in comparison with the other prices asked. _ .

Alderman Bort,. Quite correct. Alderman Tivsurs, cent inning, arid the landowners salted £l,lOO end £1,21.0 per acre and Mr. Taylor, in the ppinlon of the comwittee, acted very huideornely In offering him land at • reduction at lust of £3OO prr acre. The committee were under an obligation to Mai for offering land at a onch cheaper rate than it had ever been offered in UM neighbour- hood or in any part of Warrington for school purpoece. Uwea when the matter wee brought before the Town Council that the Weight path of honest trading and fair dealing wan deviated from—not by the Education Committee but by the Ceonocil. It wes only when Mr Taylor'. price had been disclosed that Mr. Lawton Caine along and offered lend for considerably lens. It was disllnctl7 understood that the Chairman of the Bites and Buildings Committee and the Director of Education had power to settle with Mr. Taylor and , they had practically accepted big offer at a much larger rum than he eventually asked but at. much smaller amount than anyone else would negotiate about. Mr. Taylor di•ulged hi. price nader a promise that those who conducted the wegotiations had power to complete the purchase and it we. the duty of the Education Committee to confirm that action and to glee the reemonable BIM which Mr. Taylor asked. If a man treated him (Aldermen Tinsion) in the way proposed in private busineer,he would call him something very strong and close hie books against any further butting.n nith him. Ile (Alderman Tinnion) thought that even on its [omits Mr. Taylor'. site we, the better on..

Alderman BOLTON said that a letter had been written by Mr. Taylor and it was quite correct, lie, as the chairman of be cwornittee, carried through the negotiations in. fair and Nunn, manner believing that be would be supported by the Education Committee and by the Towu Cowell, but the Council thought otherwise. lie it...night that the Corporation hail pro- ceeded on the linee of economy with tbe result that the landowners were placed in competition. Every traneaotion of the Education Committee on financial question. was enhject to confirmation by the Town Council—they were simply the mouthpiece of the Council in negotiating for a site at the cheapest rate. A point which determined him in giving his casting vote it. favour of Mr. lAvelon's site was that it was situated in the midet of • populous end growing neighbourhood. lie did not care which cite was finally selected if the committee wouild only make up their minds to beer on, _

Councillor BEI., AN : Shall we not be placed in mu avrkwaril position, becatioe we have advertised for tender'? We hall have greet difficulty in getting tender. if we adopt this procedure in purohasing It. SO nokenri position to be in if is• go back on the tender which has been accepted suhject to the approval of the Council..

Councillor .IF.No I, contended that the sites ought to bays been tested before the committee were asked to pan • resolution. Every possible information should base been supplied with regard to the relative merits of the sites. One of the most important points the committee bad to consider was the maintenance of their position an right-tbinking and honourable men. After the committee bad agreed to purchase Mr. Taylor's eite, the whole of the memben of the Town Council were circolerized by Mr. Lawton. Was that solo' to be • most-ant method of interfering with the oompletion of contracts? Ile maintained that Mr Taylor's site was superior in every respect sad, for the, PAO of the honour of the committee, he hoped the womodatent would be accepted. Mr. WALRIR was not swore that any sub-committee bad power to pledge itself over Um Town Coattail. Tbe

committee was empowered to negotiate to • certain extent bet Mr. Taylor was given to underatand that the acceptance of hie terms depended entirely upon the Town Council. The Education Committee stood by the Sites and Buildings Committee,bnt the Town Council, having knowledge that a suitable site could be ptirobased at • , much chewer cost, felt justified In rejecting the eoheme. Ile did not see that any injosi ire had been done to Mr. Taylor. Pere nally, be would have mlected Mr. Lawton's mitr,hed IL been the more expensive,because it mll6 .in a luore 6U table porition.

The ttee•. J. DAVI') arid their duty wee not only to look fter ti lance but educntion, and the site In King Kdward-etreet was a far superior site educationally. COUOCillor JACKSON Houses avid he KM MOSS. •oeftwe to interfering with the minutes or A committee of which he wee • member, but on the present occasion be should hare coneiderable diftloolty in ntepporting the minute.. The originsl site off Manchester-road was far superior to any th .t hod since teen laid before them. With him it was not • matter of p ioe but, having made a bargain with Mr. Tajlor, he thought they were in honour bound to slant by it.. Mr. Ilteswroa add the commi tee had been placed in an awkward posi•i..o. The foot, however, wan clear that whatever arrangements were arrived at by • deputa- tion, the Toren Connell had the right to confirm or reject, and therefore he c uld not accept elm sttatement that they were bound to adhere to ibis original purchase. The &muesli:us proved conzlusively that ea the fattere consideration of vitae it would be whir, to go into committee to ascart•in the detai's of the quality of the land end the peke pail and thus be saved from the positi.os they were in that Light. flit could be proved that Mr. Lawton's land wan rot suitable he would he willing to TWO against the miuntess, LW, other thinga being equal, the committee ought not to he indifferent to a saveng of 4150 per acre. The Rev. Canon STEVISSSON, looking at the matter purely from an edueatiooal point of view, said it lame k him that the selected site wee too near the rail- way, and anyone who knew chat it vas to teech in • school with be noise of heavy passing train. would nee what a strong objection that wee. .1 he site wes also too near the boundary of the borough and they would have many childreu li. ing over the boundary using the school. Thee there was the danger of the water under- neath the chem. eke.

--Alderman BOLTON: They are both alike. The Cit tinuco : I most ask Alderman Bolton to allow Canon Stevenson to meek. Alderman BuLTON : 'the 13)rough Surveyor reported . .

fheCll*lßMAtt t I cannot allow you to Waders when another member is speaking. Alderman BOLTON: I rise to a point of order. The C11•11IMAN You can rite, to 20 pointa of order, but your mint not interrupt speakers while lam in the chair.

Cane STRVIS,SOY said he win manager of Beamont echotl and knew the great trouble that bad ',renowned there by water on the alto. to plait another wheel down without emanating whether the land woe sub- ject to that defectj_would not he • wise thieg to do. In reply to Sir. Unseorth the (SIM( VOll SURVIVOR said that on Mr. Taylor's site the water level averaged 31t. Bin, from the surface and on Mr. Lawtoe's land 2ft. Oin.

Councillor EOM. Raid be had not intended to vote on that occasion, as he held some property in the neigh- bourhood of the site meleored by the committee and he wanted to be Mao,o aulpicion, but from 20 to 25 pennons had urged him to exercise his right to •ote. In con- writtenoo of that he thonght he ought not to be a member of the committee if he did not record his vote. He should, therefore, do ao at the rearming of the deputation. On permed grounde he should he Inclined to vote for 51r.layl c who we. • personal friend, but they were not to enrolee their in'ee for personal meow, but on public grounds. Meat, boor) He did not area with G uncillor Jenkins that Mr. Taylor'. site was them ire suit abl •. In building s s.hool their obj rh .uld be to plan it where it was required—ln • growing neighbourhood. There wee, however, no properly rend Mr. Taylor's mite and ilOlllOB/1 in King Edward-street which were built a 'we years eg had loon without tenants. On the other hand the homey. tune dimried was growing With referee. to Cation Steveneon's objention about the trains it abould be pointed out Ouit there won property between the railway and the propertied reboot and that &conned tire noie and the to ult wn th it there would he no incon- venien n'. A great deal had been said as to the inj istlee to Mr. T. 3 (or, but he thongh2 th it bad the committee purchetel the Ind Nt £725 nu rcrn when an equally go id site coot I be obtained for £159 or. sorer it w.itild hove ho, n an injostice to the ratepayer.. Ile intended to v ite for the proposltim of the minimills., Mr. JOI.I.KY said he di I not clai ,Ito be such a rattle casuist as Alderman Tint ion and, •Ithough he won g int to vote for the minutes, he sbould not feel ' any noon, of degradation or dish in...blooms In doing no. It seemed to him (hit Mr. Taylor's grievance ended when the Tom, Conncil refurytd Ito sanction to the recommendation end the Education Committee accepted the sltered positi in and started afresh. If that nno they were there that evening to net on husinere lino.. Alderman Tianioo said the Site. and Buildings C immittee were delighted when Mr. Tay' ir reduced his price to .E 725 per acre. If that delight were not no immoral brit a legitim ite delight, how mach more goitined should the committee feel to filet that Mr. faylor's offer bad been forther reduced to EGOO nod that it was •In possible to find a very Onitablo nate for £450 no aore

Alderman MKS %VANS said any moral obligation thrre might have been to Mr. Teslor ended when the committee wan. rusted to to-open ne;otilliOne. lie thereforn felt free to t.ke the best bargain he could get in the introit. of the ratepayers. Aide man TiNmozi I. it the beat bargain ? Aldermen EVANS % I don't know which, the heat site. I have not seen et h rof them. Continislog he said the best coors, would be to obtain an expert nplnirT•av to the merits of each site.

-. Mr. UgswonTll oould not aocept the etaternent that they were morally bound to Mr. Taylor for the reason that they acted as an agent would got in an ordinary purchnae of property. Ile felt the genii.° of the suita,ility of the site required further veutilation and he should support the amendment with a view to obtaining expert opinion. Mr. F. K. Roomres said he did not see anything its the argument an to moral obligation, because Mr. Taylor line* quite well that not only would the Town Council have to approve the purchase but that it was imperatively neceesery for the Eduation Committee to discuss it and the price could not be ooneeeled from them. fie (the speaker) did not see any injustice or imniorality in the propotted porches-sr but he was &axiom that they ishould hire the better site of the two and it ens not quite c'ear which won the better site. The Cfintatt so said the largain with Mr. Taylor we. a c inditional one, subject to ratification by the Town Jouncil. Therefore the members of the Hdooation Committee might ooneider themselves absolutely free from any suggestion of improper crinduct. In view of their experience at BearnOnt-atreet and Evelyn-street schools, it was perhaps desirable that the committee should have more information ae to the condition of the site. Mr. Lawton's land had many points to recom- mend—lt wasconveniently transited inn poptiloott dis- trict—sod he did not think they would be doing any harm by making the only poiut about which there was any doubt absolutely safe and secure. The voting resulted as follow. : AMU-WAIT-NT. AGAINhT. Councillor Jeokins Mr Jolley Councillor Henehall Mr Ilium Mr Parker Mr Chrinirm Mr Ummorth

Councillor Wilson Mr Vairclough Father Wilson The Rev J Davies Councillor Tool°

_ Canon Stevenson Councillor Steer Conn.Jackson-llohnse 1.11/unoll.lor Dickenson

Mr Greening Mr Walker Mr FR Roberta Alderman Solconl Alderman Tionion—ll 9nincillor Dr 144:1\Pe .

Gonadllor 'The ameadmant wUI therefore defeated and the raint..qe• were appro•ed..

Alderman IINNION : I auppose vre can bring it up at the Council meeting. Alderman Yea. I hope you will do so. T/IE LOVELY LANE SITE.

The Rev. J. Dkvifs said that while the Town Council bad a right to reject the Education Committee's suggestion., he did not think it could bind them to a cuticular site. The matter of the new school for the Lovely-lane district was diecussed it one meeting, axed the Site. and Building. Committee recommended that the school ebould be built in Lodge-lune. Personally,he , thought thst would he the better .it..

The CHAIRMAN : This committee bee all along recommended the Lovely-Inne site. The 1t.,. J. DAVIRS : I think not, Mr. Chairman. I caked the queetion aud vote given the information that it arms n ot 60.

CHAIRMANThe Whatever may have been done ogee ago,the last resolution on the question adopted by this committee eras • request to the Council to purchase this land for the purpose of a school. NEW EMPLOYMENT SCHEME, The Pit Odd AN moved, and the DSPUTY-CHAIRMAN woonded, the adoption of the minute* of the Choice of Employment Committee which contained a report and draft scheme in regard to juvenile employment. The suggeeted echeme having been slightly altered it was resolved that the scheme (as set out in the minuted) be submitted to the Education Committee for adoption. One of the clauses of the scheme states that the com- mittee shall, with the co-operation of the local Labour , Bachange, carry out all dirties neceseary for the proper conduct of the Juvenile Labour Exchange so far as children and young persons under the age of 17 yearn are concerned end shall also have complete control of all work of care and aupnoision, and make any regula- tions with respect to such work. COoOcillor BELLIAN moved as an amendment that the schem• be referred back for truths, consideration. Whilat agreeing with the main principles involved in the scheme he did not consider that any cost of adminietration should fall on the municipality. Alderman BOLTON seconded. rue th rught the Labour Bureau wee coating enough already—ln fact he did not know what the officials did to earn their eateries. They were the people to adminiater the scheme and it ebould ant be left to every tin-pot Wan to make it. own arrengemerta (Laughter). On a vote being tsken the amendment wag defeated land the minutes were peered.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR C. HADLAND.

We regret to announce ha death of Mr. Charles liadland, which occurred at his reeidence, 50, Mareh- house-lane, on the lOth bud , at the age of 74 The deceased, who was well known and highly respected In the dintrict, W. employed at the G. Works for the long period of 10 years, having retired about sin eare ago owing to ill-health. He leaves a eidow and ft. children (four daughters and o. son.) The funeral took place at the Cemetery on Sunday not, when a large number attended at the greveside to pay their lest respects. The following is • list of the mourners Mrs Hadland (widow); Mr Hartland (son) ; Mrs Richardson, Mrs Miller, Mrs Dutton and Mrsl Haineworth (daughter.); Mr Miller, Mr lisinsworth (eons ; Mrs Joeeph Hadland, Mr. Arthur Midland (daughters-in-Isar) ; Messrs C Richardeon, T Dutton, J Hartland, C Hedlund, Joseph Hsdland, A Dronalleld, W Dutton, A Hadland and T Dutton (grand- none); Mine. Miller Santh Dutton, Jessie Dutton, Lucy Richardson, Eliza Fladland, Doris lisdland, Ada Hainewortb, Eliza Richardson, May Richard... Ali. Dutton, Lucy Hadland, Dolly Dronsfleld, Gertie Dutton Edith Mirrian Richardson (greet greeddenghtera) ; Mr Alfred Itlchardeon (great grandson); Mrs. Dronafleld (Glossop). A large number of floral tribute. were received from the relatives and friends. The funeral arrangements were in the hands of Molars. 0. sfounfield and Hons.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
Church .Lads Brigade.

Aftor taking part in the processio; on Welting Day morning, over thirty members of St. Paul's Company of the C.L.B. proceeded to Pickmere and spent the week-end there tinder can,... Departing from their headquarters at two o'clock they marched through St retton rind Antrobus—here to be bailed with a down- pour of rain—and thence to Pickmere,taking porwees;on of a field near the Red Lion Hotel. The tramp took three and a belt hour.. Whilst the tents were being pitched the cook, were busily engaged in preparing tee. Leds were detailed for duty as guards, and the rest con. eluded • day's good tramping by • reconnoitring stroll. Saturday morning wee heralded by rain and ma the day lengthened the rain still kept on, no It was found imposaible to carry out the plane previously arranged. Sunday, with ice welcome spell. of aunahice,preeented the fist opportunity for a parade which was at once snapped up, and the company under the command of Captain Ilenekvill and Lieutenants Ilenshall and Brace- camp and headed by the bead proceeded to Great Iludwortb Church for aervice.Soon after the two and.• half miles march back to camp wes over, dime, was served, and then preparation, for the return journey were begun. The return from Pickmere at 5.90 resulted in Werstogton being reached at nine o'clock.

_ I The St. Helens Edocation Committee'r, Entrance Scholarehipa, of the value of .C3O per senora, tenable at the Liverpool University for three years, have been awarded to Edward Weave aad William Robert Thomson, Cowley Schools, St. Helene.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Boars ISM CHIENtISTS

NEW BRANCH NOW OPEN.

Having obtained the CORNER of SANKEY St. and BRIDGE St , are now in a position display their Goods to batter advantage and more to their own satisfaction than they have ever been

able to do since they cam: to Warrington.

We have a shop which for size and style of finish would be an attraction in any of the most prominent West End Streets of London. And as we outshine in style and finish of our premises, so we outshine in the quality and low prices of our goods. Not only are we Chemists and Druggists having over 450 branches, embracing all the principal towns between Glasgow and the Channel Islands, but we are also the greatest buyers of Fancy and Leather Goods' Toilet Articles, Pictures, and Picture Frames in the Country. In fact we are able to, and do in many cases, take the manufalturer's entire output. It is by this means and by our unique organisation that we are enabled to offer such a variety of high-class goods at prices which are equal and oftenllower than those charged ' for very inferior articles.

We extend to all a cordial invitation to call and look round our showrooms. There will be no pressure to buy.

BOOTS CASH CHEMISTS NEW BRANCH, Corner of SANKEY St. and BRIDGE St., A Branch of the popular Boots Book-Lovers Circulating Library is established here Over 30 years ago when we commenced the business of Boots Cash Chemists, our chief motto was small profits, quick returns. This motto we have kept in the forefront of our policy, and now we have the largest retail business in the country as CHEMISTS & DRUGGISTS. PERFUMERS. DEALERS IN LEATHER dk TRAVELLING REQUISI TES. STATIONERS. FANCY ARTICLES. PICTURES fit PICTURE FRAME MANUFACTURERS. TOILET AND BOOKS.

sts st.

30

~..,-. . .. . , ~. -7r.r• • ~. . • . . . ~ . 1,. . 4 . . , 41‘ • • ' ' _. i . ; Ilin!iii1111111 7: ! / , .' • "17 ! ' ' • .1, ''' '"a• ' 1'..-' •i 7 ' - _-)1, ll' ; , - )01008 ; ; ~ •; 1:1 ';$111 e' .:.-1, 'L _ i ii. ~..„..) •- ' .I,Slurre r.' ,:i. -il ..,/,' '•7 ~..9- ---' \ . .., ..k . , \ - .4-.. 1, ''4 'fr t . r , 6 • •i..;:.4 • 'l' ''`l :.• 41- ritl it 1 : i • '.. :• ' g ;iE . .... . t I . . 9 _ ~-,-.n,- ..... , ... ,___...._... ....„..t....„.1_,„ ~...,........ .. .47 ---, --- „ • - • . ~ . . _.... _ L.. .....,r ... . , ~.„,..„..t., , - I . • ,t.'. i,•-• . 1 1 \

„kom. s/d)„ r,4.4rimaa .019,49/11-

===== 0002601_19110701_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
Sankeg

Bridge

WARRINGTON.

Head Office: NOTTINGHAM. JESSE BOOT, Managing Director.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

The programme submitted at the Palace and Hippodrome this week has many merits. Needless to ' my, "The Cattle Thief," presented by ( leorge Street and Company, stands out prominently above the rest of the turn a, n it only on account of its magnitude, but because of Mt original conception. A realistic picture of life oat West is given, its value being greatly enhanced by an ingebiously conceived plot. The most powerful actor amongst his seven or eight well-chosen colleagues is Mr. Street himself, who amongst other things admirably sustains the play by Iris I,amorous independence. As • confidential comedian Robb Wilton is grand, the story of his career son fireman being very funny, whilst at the same time the tone retains • high level. An item of strong interest is the Coronation film. It in a real bestity end provokes much admiration. The procession receives adequate attention and the magnificence of the Royal carriage with Their Majesties plainly •isible inside creates as indelible impression. This film e.14111b1 any previous triumph of cinematography. As a ventriloquist and whistler Richard Taylor is very entertaining, his concern. tine with his doll being particularly clever. The Prince Milner Trio introduce some characteristic humour into a capital acrobatic act Some of the feats evince considerable dexterity and the audience do not fail to appreciate them. Daisy Teylor designated as " Scotland's foremoet comedienne and dancer"

DON'T Loot Ogn—kimap the magas of Tbs. at Bay by Darkening this °my Strobl, with LOMEYEK'S '23II,LPIIURIIAI R rroß BR,dasper to mated colour ea fent days. Maintaios youth wverywbere.rost,is.ad. )odford=

===== 0002601_19110701_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
.strante her description by her noteworthy rendering. of Scottish songs and graceful dancing. The Rouses give • delightful exhibition f symetrical tlancing, fully earning the rapturous applauac accorded there.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
The Late Ir. Harry Berrey.

The Si. Helens Monica' Society on Tneeday night gave sconcert at the St. Helene Town Hall under the direction of Dr. Bidden for the benefit of the widow of the late Mr. Harry Barmy, the well-known choir- master who died at an early age • abort time ago at Warrinwoo. Mr. Berrey was • St. Helene man, and ban been particularly succeesful in developing local talent and training various choirs for competitions and other contests. The programme comprised only the music of British composers, and included Stan- ford's " Revenge " ; Fletcher's prize chorus. " For Empire and King"the recessional "God of our Father.," and Sir Edward Elgar's " Land of Hope end Glory." There was a large attendance. The band and chorus numbered over 150. and the soloists had been specially selected from local singers by Mr. Harry Evans, F.R.(10., coodoctor of the Liverpool Welsh Choral Union.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CRAZE FOR PLEASURE.

HOW IT IS AFFECTING EDUCATION IN WARRINGTON.

Important Report to the Education Committee.

There is still another outside influence which is very greatly affecting the work In the schools, and that hi the present day tendency for indulgence in pleasure. The committee will be aware that, during the last few }We, there has been. Very large increues in planes of arcumment, which cater, -• .

at -a very low pro., for children, and the first house, in the evening at these places of entertain- ment ere attended very largely by children. The above statement appear. in an important report on the teaching of arithmetic In the elementary schools of Warrington which was presented by the Director of Eduostion (Mr. J. Moore hlurray) to the Education Committee at their monthly meeting on Monday. Tbe report was • most exhaustive one and treated largely upon general educational topics as well as upon the specific queetion of the teaching of ' arithmetic. We give the following estrsots it is now generally agreed that

KOOO NATIONS ARK I.NOKSIRARI.I6 for children tinder 12 years of age' and extremely ! !undesirable if they are to be made• teet of the efficiency ! of • school. In compering the preeent generation of scholarn with preceding generation., It must be remem- I dared that little more than one generation of children bare paned through the '<hoc's under the new eyetem, a child's school life being eight years, and it was only in 1900 that the examinations ceased and the methods adopted in the schools began to change. Some teachers have found It difficult to become reconciled to the changed conditions, whilet other, have more readily adapted themeelves, and perhaps, in Immo instances, gone to the oppoeite extreme. There oan be no doubt that the scholars turned oat of the elementary echoole under the eystem of examination were more accurate than thou, turned out to-day, but there Is &leo little doubt that this acontricy wart,in the case of the majority of the children, of a mechanical character, uneocom- panied by the general intelligence which is ehown by the children of to-day. Thi• etsternent ie the result not only of my own oteervationtr, Ivtt iv the generally accepted opinion of those intimately associated with schools.

—Whifat the Influences mentioned shove have imposed certain teaching method. upon the schools, there are others which have had even a greater effect upon the results of the teaching. The fret of these is the great iocresse in the absence of children from schools on amount of

FPI ORM IC AND °TITER 81,•KMESS. Previoue to 1903, there Itao no organised supervision of the health of the children. If an epidemic broke out amonget the childree, the school wan slotted for A fort- night, and, at the expiration of the closure, all the children who were fit returned to school. Contact case, were almost unknown in those der t, and It was Ignite a common thing to see children with ringworm. sitting in their places in the schools. To-day there is a oomplete system of notification. Children suffering from infectious ditteesen and children living in the owe home. are rigorouely excluded from school until such time an theyare certified to be free from infection. To give eonie idea of the extent of these •beencon, it may be stated that lent year the number of atten- dances lost on enoluoions by the Medical Officer one 111,293 for anfferers and 11 SIR for children in contact with sufferers, • total of 122,811, whilst the number lost on exclusion by private doctors was 91,211, the total number of attendances lout which were covered by medic's) certificatee being no less than 211,092, or equal to IS attendances for every one of the childres no the books The.. only include the children suffering from notifiable infection. dimern sad non•notitlable infectious dine/men such as inessles, whooping cough and from contag• diseases, .to. The absences throngh minor •ilment Bitch an colds, sick headache.. Ac., are not included, and these woold considerably increase the number, ea children are often absant for quite long times. But probably more serioue still Is the

I.k/1,41 nummta or cllri.lotlN IMAGED IN WORK before and after school hours on scSool days and also on Saturday. On week-dxyn mum bnys are sogsged es milk-dealers' and newsagent.' boy., working for about 2 or 3 hours on echo ii darn, whi/nt on Ssturday they put in longer hour. One hoy, 10 yearn of age, works ! 12 bourn a week as a milk-boy, whilst another boy ! works 111 hours as a newsboy. There are some 341 boy• engaged in hullers' abort, working for a few hour. osch evening, but on Saturday most of them work 19 hours. There •re borne very exceptions' cases, such as , where • boy under 13 yews of rig. doers not get home , until one o clock on Saturday morning and one o'clock on Sunday morning, and another who door not finish ! until somewhore between 2 and 3 o'clock in the worn,- leg. One boy, 32 years of age, wen engaged an • !chocolate boy, working from? to 10 o'clock each even- ing in a phine of amusement. Another, 9 yearn of age, woks from 0 ism. to 9 pm. every Saturday. ! Altogether .103 boys are engaged at time. outside the !school hour. It may be said that some of this work ! may be to the boy's advantage, but I would call atten- ! thin to an inquiry reoently bold by the Secretary of !State for the Home Department into the canes of employment out of school hours In London. It is stated that the evidence in respect of sews and milk boys given by whoolmantern and doctors was very emphatic to the effect that early rising in calculated to

LIMIT THI SLURP OF IMILDRRN WOO STAND IN 01.051.41. MOLD OF ROST, that working two hours before school bad impaired their eduoatiocal efficiency, and that frecotently ill reeolts followed through exposure to the weather end lack of proper food being added to the strain of pro- ! 'need early occupation. The report go.. on to state that, in the Borough of llornsey, since 1005 there has been a bye-law which ham allowed children to be employed only between 6.30 and 8 o'clock in the morn- ing, and between 5 and S3O in the evening, for no more then 3/ hours • day when the school is open, or eight hour. a day when the schools are closed. and there was no evidence on behalf of news- agents or milksellerm to throw that the inter- femnce bad produced any of the •nticipated ill results. Boy. are alno employed is barbers' .hope as lather boy., and the effect of this nooripat ion was •Iso dealt with at the inquiry. In Warrington, owing to the recent closing order for barbers' shops, the time that time boys con work I. considerably restricted. Statistic. were produced at the inquiry which showed that, of 150 boys medically eammined, 17 were engaged in barber.' 'hops. Out of the 150 boys, 31 were described as medioelly unfit, and 10 of these 31 were out of the 17 boys .gaged In aesieting ha irdrewiers, that is whilst the total percentage was 20, the percentage of unfitness in boys who were following this calliug was nearly 60. Of .nree, this figure rimy be effected by the foot that the work requires slight miumular effort, and conse- quently phyeically weaker boya are attmeted to it, neverthelem, the report Matee that grave Oak, to the health is entailed by thin work, end this statement is supported by the evidence of schoohnuters. An a coneeqttence of this ioquiry,tbe Loodon Cluaty Council have be. ellowed to •meod their Bye-laws for the employm.t of children, and no boy or girl under the age of 11 years im now allowed to be employed for this purpose. A. already stated, long hours am being worked by children in Warrington who grenades 14 years of age and attending school, and, in view of the decision in the London inquiry, there oan be little defence for the continuance of much child lemur. In several instance. Heed Masters have drewn my attention to boys who are employed out of eohool hours, and, ea the practioe begin. when they math the age of 12 year. the effect on their work is the *ch.] is very marked. It can be eaaily underetood bow the preset.e of two or three boya whoseenergies hare been used op by keeping late hours at night and by .rly morning work will affect the work of the rest of the class. There is atill another outside influence which is very gr.tly affeotiog the work in the schools, and that is the PIOLS•NT PAY Y Coo iSril3.i.Erir II IN vutssuss. The committee will be misero that, riming the last few yews, there has been a very large jeer..c is plasses of amoserneet, which cater, at • very low pries, for childreneed the first house@ in the evening at these placee of entertainment are atteaded •ery largely by children. All these lefinencee have an undoubted effect upon the work in the ochools, and it is only necessary to pope visit to certain echoola to find sat how late the children go to bed, bow depressed is the qoality of the wcrk done by such children, and what an effect it has on the work of the whole close; and in every cone it will be found thet this is accompanied e lack of control by the parent.. over the children. 'Mime matters might seem to be outside the .cope of an inquiry into the teaching of arithmetic, but I feel sure that they ahould be brought °Wee th• Committee's notice, as, •fter all, however good the school and te.hing may be, the full benefit of the te.bers' labour oannot be gained when such outside infitienees, over which the teachers have no control, are working against them.

The report then enters into n discussion of the methods .0d hooks employed in the Leeching of arithmetic. Referring to

NOLIIWORK Mr. Murray states :—lt wea found that there iv a very great difference of opinion on the subject between the heed teachers. Some claim that it iv absolutely essential to their work, and they very greatly regretted that they cannot now enforce it as they used to do. Other teachers sly it is of no one, end cite instance. when children were given homework and were found doing the homework together on the doorsteps of their homer. Others referred to the feet that, owing to the accommodation in most of the children's home., there was little cheese of • child being able to do its lesson. ' satisfactorily. One of the great differences between an , Siemeetary school and a Secondary school is the absence of homework in the former. It will be realised how mach more tepid the progress may he it children are given work to do at home which would otherwirie have to be does la the limited school houn. Perhaps

the oeoeseity for doing thie work would re-aot to some erteot oh the preeeot

CROON AMONGST ItRILIMIN FoR PLEASURL If. rule or principle is taught In the toehold sod the child le given examples to work out at home, even pposiog be does them with the aid of one of his n fellow scholars, he will be lett.. fitted the next day to proceed with hie problems, and, IS consequenoe, there would probably be lees repetition of weds. The ahsence of homework ha recent yenrs must here thrown s greater amount of work into the school hours: end it cannot be disputed that there are etill many direc- tion, in which it would be an advanrece if the children learned them out of school hours. thin not many years since homework was general in every school in the town. Of course, it is oederstood that when homework is given to such no extent that the school time is spent in hearing or examining it, it is then an evil ; hot when homework in given to illustrate and fix in the memory lessons already °ordained iu the school, such an the learning of table., the learning of moilingn, the doing of sire some chick employ a rule or principle that has been toeght, there can be no harm in it ; In fact., there mist be • gain to the child and to the teaching. The sbeence of homework he., co doubt, been to some reeponeible for the FATTING nits IN Till PARRS:Ts INTORKST in their children', education, sod this interest may be re-awakened if the child takes home some of its work and the. enables the parents to nee what the nchool is endeavouring to do. Ignorance of what ie being done in the schools is I,y no means confined to thoee wh.e children do not attend the elementary school. , Croon Stevitaso•, in moving the adoption of the minutes of the t3ohool Management Committee, said it canes to the knowledge of the committee some time ago that there appeared to be some wanness in the teaching of arithmetic and the director wu asked to draw up a report on the eubjeet. Ile the Cttion) thought they would agree that they were very much indebted to the director for the valuable character of the report which he had drawn up at so much palonahe School Management Committee thought it was • report which ought to be in the !made of all the head tembers,with • request that they should study It carefully. A great many 'people had begun to think that maoy of the children of the uremia day who did no home work would be better employed in the evening than In the way in which they spent It now, That was • tiobject for differences of opinion, but it won • very Important point •od If they intended to revert to to the enaction of home work, it should not he does without osreful forethought and omsiderstion. The old principle of claseifying children into densny mono or lees rotighly socording to their ngee and placing the same child in the some class for all anbptcts seemed open to careful re-coneideration. A child might be very good at certain subjects and very poor at One particular thing. It !roamed& pity that he should be kept hack in all subjects on that account and therefore it might be ad•isable to re.clowify the school for erithmetio on a different basis from other subject. Another point which was now being felt very strongly was that there was such a great gap between the infant, school and the senior school. In these days the infant school Was • very pleasant place—much more pleasant than noway of the members of that committee were accustomed to when they were infants. After that pleasant style of instruction—kindergarten, stories, games,songs —by meane of which more or leen knowledge was instilled into the little onee, they pared up into the senior school where they at Once plunged into • very different atmosphere—where they were treated more Merely and were at once chilled and discouraged by it. The whole subject demanded reconsideration end 'wham, the time might come when they would cease to speak of an infante' school, but have senior nod junior schools—the junior school up to the age of nine or ten sod the senior school for those shove that mg., so that the great chasm between the two classes of schools might be bridged over

===== 0002601_19110701_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDING.

Whitehouse

Rogers

A very pretty wedding t,.(ik pl,;:tt Aldorley Edge Wesleyan Church on Weilnenilsy when 5 r. Harry Whitehouse, elder non of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph White- house, of Padgatedane, Warrington, was married to Miss Annie Mabel Rogers, second daughter of the late !Mr. Joseph Itog,n and Mrs lingers, o(" Knoll End," Alderley Edge. The otliating ministers were the Revs S. F. Collier and W. A. Tresize, of Manchester. Amongst the selections played by the organist (Mr. Clayton) was Mendelssohn's popular Wedding March. The bride, who WWI given away by her brother-in- law, Mr. James Bilsborougli, looked very charming in a dress of cream crepe-de-chine with white crinohne hat trimmed with lilies of the valley. She carrird • handeome bouquet of orehids, the gift of the bridge- groom. There were three brideernsids, i.e., Missies Emily Whitehouse (sister of the bridegroom), Kathleen Bilaborough (niece of bride), and Constance ('harnley, of Eccles. The first named wore pretty pink silk dress with white Leghorn bat trimmed with pink c see. !ler bouquet was composed of pink tones, and she wore a gold bangle, b ith the gifts of the bridegroom. Misses Bilsborough and Charnley itwo little girls) were tastefully attired in dresses of labile silk. They carried baskets of pink roses and wore gold broochee, the gifts of the bridegroom. Mr. fleorge Whitehouse (brother of the bridegroom) discharged the duties of best man. After the ceremony a reception was he!tl at Belmont Hall Cafe and late in the afternoon the happy couple left for London en route for Ilfracombe, where the hooey- moon will be spent, after which they will take up their residence at Darwen, at which place the bride- groom is superintendent of the Prudential Assurance Company.

Vs e epperui a het of the prenents : Bride to Bthilieroolll, silver ink mend Bridegroom to Bride, writing bureau Mother of Bride, household linen Father end Mother of Bridegroom, grantlfether clock and bedroom euite

Mr and Mr. James ISileborough, cheque and moppet cloth _

George liVbilahonae, cheque and mahogany eidet.ard

-31Ta-s-Vihitohomm, mahogany table Mr and Mr. Myles (Leeds), silk eiderdown quilt Mr and Mr. 'fed Whitebouns, mrdina dinh on silver ntand

Mr end Mrs Joseph fillshornngh, black sido rug Mr Bilsborough, een.,"Ewbenck" carpet .weeper Miss Bilehorough, cheque Mies K Bilel, ;rough, mincing machine Mr end Mrs A Bennett aideervell), oak barometer Mr. E Itinyon (Tidesewell), case of cutlery Mr and Mr. Itrocklehurat, oak and silver salad bowl Miss Edith Carlini) (Manchester), tee cloth and royleys Mrs iferrisnn (Liverpool), feather bed Mr an)! Mr• J White (Msoclesfield), carved oak box Miss Holbert (New Brighton), letter amiss Miss F, Hulbert (New Brighton), d'oyleye Mr and Mrs A Ilollert (New Brightou),silver fern pot Mr end Mrs II Breton (armada), cheque Min It Roger, (Msccleetield dinner ermine Misr Lily Rogers (Macclesfield) cuehion and ducker. •—•

Min J Bogus (Nfarket L)syton), cushion Mrs Brunt (Southport), silver tout rack Mr and Mrs iißrunt (Southport), silver tiMPISC. Mrs and Miss Lily Moore, silver salts collars Mrs Sherd (Manchester), sideboard cover Miss Harrison, hat Mr and Mrs All., (Darwen), plant pot Miss A Osborn. (Mucheeter), silver butter dish Th. aliases Brunt (Southport), Duellers arm Mrs arid Miss Niorgan (Southport), Duchame not and ibis centre Mr and Mrs Chtrnley (Scales), silver band-glass The Missm no'l Slutor Charoloy (Socha), silver ring stand Mrand Mrs Politi (Higher Broughton), closest frilled pillow slip. Mr and Mrs W Broadburst,sil war cut-glam pepperettes and malts Mr sad Mrs 001 (Darvren), trinket set Mr sod Mrs Smethurst, two flower nun Mrs Hubby (Itorrow), Damask table cloth Mrs BarloW (Lincoln), brass wets' jug Mr and Mrs Broadbent, flower vans Mi.. Wilde, brus pan Mrs Crafts, marmalade jar Mrs Richards, Iliblo Sisters " of the Manohator sad Sal food Wesleyan Mission, silver ogg stand Wonsea's Own Class, be tonic, Monday C 1..., fruit dish sod onlai bowl Tuesday Class, rose bowl Cripples Guild, silver flower vases Mrs sad Miss Aoderson, (Pendleton) cream sad sugar

table.

stand

---MTee Emmy, Manchieter„ silver serviette ring Miss Greenwood ( Manchester), tray clotti ( NI sm.:heater, tray cloth , Mr. leach, (ilanclietter i, table centre ' Mies Clayton,( Manchester, cosy ' Miss Bowman and Mr 1' Bern., table centre Mr. Sonthern, ) Nlancbeeter , table cover Mime Cookson, tlanohoster I, cushion cover Alias E Clayton, ) Manchester), table centre Mies A Moshe., (Nlancheeter), dressing met Mix I. Griffiths, (Nlanchester). flower rues Miss I Amberi, I Nlancheeter marmalade jar Mr and Mrs Bentley, preserve jar Miss Emily Engligh silver taper holder. Mr and Mrs Edwards, salt cellars M r.n.l NI.. It Entith. (Nen Brighton). table centre Staff of Prudential Assurance Conapasy Ltd., (Pendleton), chiming clock

AIRMAN FLIES OVER NIAGARA. An AIIIOrieSI3 airman named Lincoln Beschey per- formed • daring flying feat ins hiplaoe over Niagara Fells on Tureday afternoon. Swooping hesardously leader the steel arch of the bridge and throngh tie gorge, at tio3Bll he •11110.1 t toseied the water. Tbe airmen landed on the Canadian •ide in safety The tett wag whammed by LOCO spectstors.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1.4-W

===== 0002601_19110701_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PAGEANT OF THE PERIOD.

Humorous " Election Cry' of the oeriod Marquis In a state of merriment,

Cent!omen of property proceeding to the poll Workman of the period on the on Election Day.

errand. Tableau showing vols•nut of wealth produced by the workers and " fair and lout' distrl• butlon of same.

Loafers of the per.l!a.d

-with_and without fancy

rnWk..ll;ir I!,ta a son Of ;R:

.1717nrnings:

(The Great Pageant of London, now to be seen at the Crystal Palace, deals principally with the past. In ,7ontrast to this we venture to present a l'ageant of the times in which we live

Peer of the period eating Pie of the period. BY FRANK HOLLAND.

From Reynolds Newspaper,

, , 14....... ..,.........- .. ,:—I-:R:-ER- 1) ,;;; y\l'isoullYisDAD°Nove: 4'4lllralla-----1-1 cm.) ;,. -......- ~..0- -1111111cip HAVV- ER -HUM ,)''N ER —THAT IS P 1. -r ; ;---'--, • - 0 fROSI r-N:i',/', i,, (i lE ' - jii:k4 ~,, • , ,idi //' , PEOPLE: ,/, 41. t. , „..., , , 40,\ER- - , ,e,c,, , 1, ;.N:i . , ,-..":-:, , 41...,„ ,#. ' / / .=:.,_ ' -.... ~i I, 7#/k (s_, eh- (it ' 1 AWFUL IC il ! \ 1 . % 4,4/ 'N .i. ... -..d.h. i„ _..) ~ • . r, ILI i si"LYANN:-T-,,,‘A'-'15.E.11,,1'1 ' ' ~,,k ''''IHI'PA/':ill\st:l:idrk 44J. 91, A ,C . ' ----"Ii— '11;1, if ' ''' ' GREAT ~ : . ',. ' '; ; , 6/4„ ' \ INCREASE h IN \ "IRA DE ! WEAkr :' , woßKE.fis wIZ., I r.o-----... --....—.. beriod with Tableau showing Hereditary Polillcal Sago Protectionist of the period waiting wistfully limber of tho Thrifty'" class preaching the omitting Hereditary Wisdom. for " tsvo bad winters." doctrine of " Economy " to an impoverished workman. _ Oil t. f POTITI : i 1 / 1 rib,- yA i 3 , . . --- ':.:111, • lwairitE - -nirir- I mu, ••••,,,,, , Mir of* 9,tva,. - , } , 7,,;,,„, ,;,,, ,-, Arl -`• --) pRoDucERs ...,),;• ''%, /'/ • ' ••:' - AR- ' - * ''''' ----- , S'%,t :.•‘• _ ~.,_ ..,,,• ..,,,, /r floN-PRoDucuis ~:,..„.._,....:,_,. V oTE SRA R E ' r 4.4,•"?it47-, yams ' .... N,-.,,,, -,.. A, .00.••••• kk ~, . 4 41V , . i \\ . k. ... ' \ 1 k Li —....0, _.:,4.;,'" 5 - -.:". 'V b ) - _..i3?- - sante Sanitary Authority of the period with model Ulsterman twins tunny without knawlna omrknian's cottage. -11 ----jkiLnl METING r ~..40t, THE No. N.. 0,41111 f CONFED okig li*,,,' \ .m. __- _,.:-.,-z, .-ERATES ,1 .3_.-Nik._ ....---4,......., („„ , ,i,,lki • :,-, 1 t Al ---011;11

S. ..., r CO AWAY ! \ , . THIS IS INVILAND) C-',/, n 0 , 4 '1 111910 p , 7 It. /I r ...11 • 41 ~,, Ilt• I. ;:ilfi • It , lOt'i''-‘: 7 , is 4,,,,,,,,,0,•,„ ••I . Ail 6 kik I 1 1 rl W INillb'ir . 3 \ k • Meek gmltlenlan mho has .. Inherflul _ the

===== 0002601_19110701_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Conspirators In the act of conspiring

FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

By Philip Snowden, M.P.

AMENDING THE OLD AGE PENSIONS

ACT. SOME PROSPECTIVE PERSONS IN DANGER.

While the public interest is absorbed in considering the Insurance Bill or waiting for the result of the contest between the Peers and the Commons, there is every reason to fear that a Bill will be allowed to pass into law which will deprive tens of thousands of old people of the pensions to which they have been looking forward, and to which they will be entitled on reaching the age of 70, as the law is at present. Under the pretext of " amending " the present Act in certain particulars, it is proposed in a Bill which was read a second time last week in the House of Commons to deprive all persons in the future, of the right to a pension if they have been so inconsiderate as to save a iittle sum of money to keep them from the workhouse in their old-age. At present, the amount of the pension varies from ss. to is. a week according to the means of the applicant. A person who has an income of £3l 10s. or more is not entitled to a pension, but one who has less than £2l is entitled to a full pension of is. a , week. If this Bill be passed no person in future will be granted the old ago pension who has money or property beyond £3lO in I value. At present the actual income of a person is taken as the basis, but in future it is proposed that the actual income shall be disregarded altogether, and the income of a person shall be regarded as one-tenth of the capital value of the property of the applicant. This means that hundreds of thousands of old people in the future will either get no pension at all or will get one much less than they would do if the law remained as it is now.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
A TYPICAL CASE.

Let us take one or two typical cases. A married couple, during the time their grown up children were at home, managed to save say £3OO which is invested in a house. This house will bring in say a rent of about ss. a week. This is not enough to keep either one or both of the old people. At present the possession of this small income does not deprive a person of the right to the full pension. But under this Bill the income of the owner will be taken at one-tenth of the value of the house, and in censequenee no pension can be obtained. Any sum above £2lO will reduce the pension below the sum which is given to-day, and although the income may not be more than 2s. a week, this new Bill will take it at five or six times that figure. Whatever the Government are thinking about to bring forward such a proposal as this passes comprehension. It is taking away from old people the pension to which they I had been looking forward, and which was guaranteed to them by the existing Act. At the General Election before last a certain member of the Govern- ment made himself notorious by circulating the report that Old Age Pensions would be in danger if there were a change of Govern- ment. The leaders of both parties hastened to assure the old folks that their pensions were as safe as the Bank of England, and now there is actually a Government proposal in a Bill to take away the pension rights from one very large and worthy section of the old people. It is an amazing proposal, and one which only requires to be realised to arouse a general storm of protest in the land. This Bill is brought in ostensibly to remove certain hardships in the existing Act. It deals with the case of widows of aliens who themselves are British born subjects ; also

with the point that, even since the Poor Law disqualification was removed the husband is still disqualified for a pension if the wife is in receipt of Poor relief. It also deals with the hardships which have been inflicted by the regulations as to residence out of country. In none of these matters does the Bill redress the grievance thoroughly. In the first mentioned instance it proposes that where a British born woman who has married an unnaturalised foreigner is left a widow, or has been deserted by her husband, or is legally separated from him, she shall, if otherwise qualified, be entitled to get the old ago pension. There have been a number of cases where old women, who have never been out of Great Britain, and who have been widows for many years, have been refused the pension because their dead husbands were foreigners. Such women, when the Bill passes, will be able to get the pension. But there will still be the disqualification on the wife of an alien who is in all other respects qualified.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIDENCE ABROAD.

The strict regulations framed by the Treasury under the powers given to them by the Old Age Pensions Act as to residence in the United Kingdom have deprived a very large number of persons of the Old Age Pension. Under the Act a person must have had his home in this country for the twenty years before he claims a pension. This has been construed very harshly. Persons, for instance, who have lived for a little while in the Isle of Man have been disqualified. It is proposed in the new Bill to allow eight yearn absence from the country during the twenty years preceding the application for a pension. Even this will still leave many cases of hardship. It will be possible for a person to have spent sixty years of his life in this country, and still on attaining the age of 70 to be deprived of a pension because he has been away, say ten years in the Colonies. It is proposed in this Bill to relax some- what the hard condition in regard to imprisonment. Under the present Act a person who has been sent to prison for any offence without the option of a fine is dis- qualified for ten years from having an old age pension. This is cruel, and vindictively pursues a man who has already paid a Revere penalty for his sins. It is now proposed to reduce the period of disqualification to two years. Even this is too hard. Many a man is sent to prison without the option of a fine for an offence to which there is no moral turpitude attached, and very often he is wrongfully imprisoned. The imprisonment should purge the offence, and the Old Age Pensions Act should not punish an old man or woman of 70 by the additional penalty which deprivation of pension inflicts. The great blot of this amending Bill is the proposal which has been dealt with which proposes to penalise thrifty old people. It has been introduced into the Bill no doubt to get back what the increased cost of removing the other disqualifications will involve. But there is a petty meanness about such an action which the Government of a rich country like ours should not commit. There are some reforms of the existing Act which it is not proposed to embody in this new Bill It has always been felt to be a grievance that the pension which a man gets from a friendly society or a trade union should count against him for the purpose of an old age pension. This is left untouched by the new Bill. Instead of proposing to ignore such income as that, the Bill is suggesting that all forms of thrift shall be capitalised and translated into terms of annuity value. This is something like a workman complain- ing that he did not get as much wage as his mate, and the employer equalises matters by reducing his mate's wage. ANOTHER HARDSHIP.

One other matter should have been dealt with in the new Bill. It is the custom of the Pension officers, acting under the instruc- tions of the Treasury, to estimate a profit from the sums which are paid by children

to their parents for board and lodgings. In some cases the amount of the estimated profit is absurd, and in many instances pensions have been lost or reduced by this means. There really is no profit in such cases. I know one case where the pension authorities took two shillings a week as the profit made by the mother out of the sum paid by her daughter for board and lodgings. And in this case the daughter paid seven shillings a week I All these difficulties would disappear if we had a universal system of old age pensions. Any partial scheme will always be full of anomalies and instances of unfairness. The old age pension should not be given on account of poverty, any more than the pension of a Government official is so given. It should be a State pension for the years of service the recipient has spent in the t;ervice of his country in some industrial occupation. That is the only fair way of doing, and all the Commissions and Committees whic'a have enquired into this subject have had to come to the same conclusion. It is only the cost of a universal scheme which stands in the way of its adoption. It is always the cost, when the workers' claims are pressed.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DAYLIGHT SAVING BILL. SOME AMUSING OPINIONS.

Sir,—The enclosed amusing extracts from letters I haven ceived,and articles that have been published con- cerning the proposals of this Bill, may be of interest to your readers, Would you be so kind an to call attention to the fact that copies of the pamphlet I have published con- taining an explanation of the proposals and a copy of the Bid, can be obtained for one penny at the railway lax,kstalls, as I have received as many enquiries for details of the Bill.—Yours faithfully, WILLIAM WILLETT. Sloane Square, Loudon.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
AMUSING OPINIONS.

Extract froin-;;;Wicle-ti;i-a-p-pria- red in "Tbe Lancet " I Ith December, 1907 -

We have it on the authority of the Book of Joshua that that patriot made the sun stand still in the midst of heaven for a whole day. There wows no clocks in th, no days and Juelnia's performai.ce was sufficiently ivonderful. But Mr. Willett will the aid of the clock accomplishes an even more wonderful feat, for he makes the son go itrwards and backwards" Letter received by Mr. Willett from a correspn- dent at Swansea:—

" Your proposal to reduce Sundays by 211 minutes length would involve a breach of the 4th Command- • ment and its COOPequencea. See Exodus an Si I, Malachi iii. 8.12, Isaiah Iviii. 13, II end :ilk Pealing 22, 23, wherefore Idu not approve of same." From " The World" February 12th, 1908. " Plano " TIME. (To Mr. Willett, with compliments). 0 juggler with the pearling hour, 1t,,. well, in your ingenious ;Meaning. You realise the inferior power Of " being " as compared with 4' seeming " For though you conjure with the day And with more light profess to fill it, Utchecked Old Time pursues his way— It won't be 1,114 longer—Willett ? Letter received by Mr. Willett from a correepondeet at Salisbury : " 1 am obliged by your paper in " The Waste of Daylight." "It seems to rue that any M.P., who would venture to propose that the whole nation should be forced to submit to the intolerable retina, se of having, not only clock time, but the whole "mine.s and occupation of life thrown into utter chaos and confusion eight times every year, would be deemed by his constituent. as imalifying himself for admin- . sine to Bedlam." Extract from at, tter from an Irish Peer. " Supposing the Bill you refer to were i sued, police would bare to vidt private homes to but out whether the Act was carried out, alit this together with prose- cutions berme the magistrates on a nation which is of • different kind from nations which are the subject of ordinary prosecutio wont I be vexatious to the public." From the " Byelaw', " of June 24th. 1911 : Any Slueg.ird to Mr. Willett . . . .. .

(Who believes ji,t h7n7l)..ylight Saving Bill will be pasted).

Who wants to Mks my sleep and kill it, Turn on my bath at dawn and chill it, Seim up toy cup of joy and spill it Willett ! Say, sonshioti'm good enough, but still it Can also make oue awfully ill. It Would, if I worn billed:. as you would bill it—

Tlat's .by I trust the House (Heaven fill it) Will tete your odium. Bill sod kill it. No rusks nie rise just whim you, Willutt, Viill it

From an artical in a .wspaper : " We shall see whether the House of Commons is really no revolutionary as some suppose, or whether it will look with pious horror upon Mr. Willett as a modern Joshua, for whom, surely "sunstroke" would be. klieg chastisement." A post card received by Mr. Willett Mr. Wm. Willett, Sloane Square, London, S.W.

Late of Bennell or Coluelhatch. Extract from an article in the " Brush Budget' • monthly record of the progrem of the Brush Electrical Engineering Co , Ltd. " We can underetand the thing going through if gas were the only I Ilumi na ot. We would gladly support • Bill for the aboliiion of gee except for lethal chambers. But that •nyone should legislate for compulsory daylight eo long as electric light is available, is oat of thou, m 3 stories which are beyond the comprehension of iwnsible men. Two Brush lamps in the electrolier see better than ODO ens behind &

CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to wow Is rather ter, all acquired or conetJtatforial duchargeo, from the Urinary Orion., Graval eed Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Fatiabliahmil =i ta Ala 40 y.... Medincinelw"V"entin6.lrounbotioll.bil. *rid: or sent for aixty stamp. by the maims llte .iscoln andSlidland Countiet Drug Co., Linoola.-Adn -

-“ADvlrlt TO Movie,te."—Are yo o broke. la your reel by • Intik ohild suffering with the pato sf rattles tooth ? Go et once to • chemist, and got • bottle of Iles. Wiest-OWe Soorittero Sync,. It r0d.... 9bibt •Ibep by relieving the child heel snit and the little oh erub awakes • as brisbt se • battle. Zkinuine no Poi... Inigredieet. 01 ail CatIOSIMIIki lid. per bottbb—Advi.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICULTURAL SHOW.

Entries Close To-day.

The Prise Schodules for the 69th ann-usl Show, .to be held on the Society's permanently built and beam-0611y arranged Show Grounds at Babington' on Wedneeday and Thursday, the 12th and 13th of July, under the preeidency of Mr. Samuel Sanday, J.P., have now been mooed.

In addition to the Society'. specially designed old, Silver and Bronze Medals, which ere annually offered tor Implements, Machinery, Carts, Lorries, and other Miscellaneous Exhibits, suitable tor Agricultural and Dontetok purposes, valuable cash prizes ale offered, for the beet oollection of Agricultural Implements for the Cultivation of Land.

Aasociatiot, le this year offering two bendeome Silver Medals fot White l'igs,

end, in addition, be' Toogood " medal will elan he competed for. Toe Duke of Sutherland offers • challenge Bowl. value Twenty•five Guineas for " Shropshire Sheep," end Messrs. Campbell and Lumby have promoted the Society with • Five Gummi Cup (to be won °alright) with the beet exhibit in the " Long Woolled " Sheep Classes.

—as cattle and ehire horse erection. there are numerous handsome trophies to be competed for. Valuable Cash Prises in addition to several Challenge Cups and Special Prises are offered for Cheese, Batter, Begs and Bread. . . •.... . .

-71 t Exhibition of Plants and Flowers will be bold in conjunction with this year's Bbow. Prises being offered for Sweet Pees, Kern.., Carnettoo., Piootees, Hardy Herbaceous sad Bulbous, also Out Flowers, Croups, end Decorated Tables.

A number of the Society Medal. are also offered tor "Trod. " Exhibits, and the Council venture to hope a good display will result. The Kennel Club has spin honoured the Show by selecting it as a " Championship " Show for Dogs (there being only Twelve Societies throughout the "' • "" and ham

===== 0002601_19110701_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
United Kin;dom.i!lus bo??ured,_.ch.. yftr):

O'fier;ci eiTailVeie"de;Cliciii-eS" -con; petition. A splendid classification ben liven pro•ided and Cameron* Special Prizes ate offered for competition, including Throe Cup i or Pieces of Plate, each of the value of Five (Iciness, to be won outright. The Poultry nod Pigeons always form en interesting festers at this Society's Show And in view of the varied clusifliation arranged and the large Lumber of " Specials' offered for competition, this Section ought to again prove most attractive. In view of the Show only extending over two day., on this orcasion, it is anticipated that there will be considerably increased entry over those of the lent few yeSll. The lintels., for each section of the Show, clone at 10 am. on Saturday, let Jaly, and this Society being member of the Lsooashire and Cheshire Federation of Agricultural Societies, is thereby debarred from accept- ing any entries received after the advertised date for closing. Pri.e Schedule. will be meet on •pplication to the Secretary, Arthur H. Edwardson, 6, Ilamilton-square, Birkeohead.

COMMERCIAL FAILURIK—AOOOrding to " Mercantile Gazette," the number of Commercial Failures published in Great it/itain and Ireland during the quarter ending Saturday, June 11th, was 2,060. The number lo the corresponding quarter of last year Was 2,313, showing a decrease of 253, being a net demease is 1911, to data, of 309.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
CORONATION DAY AT WOOLSTON.

It was unfortunate that the most interesting festival which had been arranged by the -Woolston Coronation Committee was marred by incessant rain on Saturday. After the distribution of medals and the singing of "God save the King "a procession started from Martinscroft Green, headed by Mr. A. W. Howard as marshal, mounted, and in the uniform of a dragoon. Miss Greta Howard followed, also mounted, in the character of the Duchess of Devonshire. Four members of the Legion of Frontiersmen in uniform of khaki and slouched hat, preceded the band of the Padgate Cottage Homes, and the children of Woolston C.E. and Martinscroft R.C. Schools followed. A number of children were daintily attired as Japanese. Among the adults' fancy dress costumes were representations of Red Cross nurses, daffodils, sunflowers, winter and summer, and suffragettes. A result of "votes for women' was pictured. One of the most con- spicuous and effective characters was Britannia, sustained by Miss A. Dennett, with Union Jack shield, and trident in hand, The Cadishead Band headed the Ancient Order of Foresters, and lastly were Boy Scouts and lurries containing young children. Owing to the rain a shorter route was taken than had been originally planned. Tea was served, first to the children, and then to adults, in a marquee at 5 p.m. Selections of music by the band occupied the time until eight o'clock, and an impromptu concert in St. Peter's Schoolroom followed. The sports were postponed until July Ist.

0 '-- - 4.• ' • .--- 4 . .;. 4. - • . - 1 i 4111ip" ' -- . • . , • . \.., - Llif Lt., .... ~ I - ...., ~ .. . ~.. . ... .. - i ‘ - '

Photol [Burrell. PROCESSIONISTS DEFY SATURDAY'S RAIN AT WOOLSTON.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lERRYWI

===== 0002601_19110701_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL 11101/11 111111,119. ]

A STRANGE CONSPIRACY.

By GUY BOOTRBY,

Author of .9, Bid for Fortune,' "Dr. Nikola," "Beautiful White Devil," "Fascination at the King," "Pharos the Egyptian," am

There are some people in this world, I know, -who would tell you that when all is said upon the subject, • pretty girl is, after all, only • girl. But the most prosaic person could not have denied the fart that Ethelwyn Caretairs was not only • remarkably pretty girl, but • decidedly accomplished one to boot She had, moreover, • pretty wit. Bob (I never particularly liked Bob C-uatairs until I fell desperately in love with hid sister) used to say that "the man who thinks he's going to score off Wyn will find himself in Queer-street before she's done with him." Taking the risk of allowing it to be supposed that she MS that most odious of all human creatures "a paragon," I must put it on mood that she rode straight to hounds, danced well, played tennis alined up to champion form, and hod well-nigh vs good an eye for • horse as her father, which :1 saying something—considering that the old squire is usually to be found among the judges at the principal shows. As for her intellectual attainments—well, I'm afraid I don't know very much shout them, save that she plays the piano well enough to please me, and that, like most of her sex, she enjoys a good novel—mine, I hope, for preference. Old Carstairs, or, to give him his due, Sir renniston Care:airs, B sronot, of Egford Hall, in the South Riding, is, or was—for he also has now joined the G mat Majority—ft gentleman of the old school, sueh as is seldom met with nowadays. Ito kept open house, believed in upholding Church and State, and would as noon have thought of omitting morning prayers—at which every retainer from butler to stable-boy eumpolled to attend—as he would of giving • polcher, caught red-lianded, half-a-crown for his proficiency in the study of animal life. Lady ^Carstaire was small, grey-haired, and motherly, and when you have said that you have said every- thing. Thera remsins only Mr. Re`iert Winstanley *Carruthers Carntairs, who at the time of which I write was just recovering from the effects of flying sent down from his college for "riotous and altogether unseemly behaviour." He was a personable youth, hut with a predilection for •sporting waistcoats and clay pipes, which latter only appeared to become valuable as they neared the end of their esintence. So much for the Cantab.. family. Now for the house and property, and then to my story with all despatch. The Hall itself was • fine old building, dating from the reign of the eighth Henry, full of quaint rooms and passages, secret staircases and cup- board; and I have beard it said a monk's room, which could only be approached by climbing up the dining-room chimney. There are as many as three ghoits, I believe, to say nothing of one, a cavalier, who rides round the noble old deer park on a grey home on the anniversary of the death of the White King. Taken •Itogether, it is aa noble a property as anyone could wish to possess, and if Sir Robert Winstanley Carruthers Carstairs, Baronet, is not proud of it—well, •11 I can say is, he ought to be ducked in his owe trout stream and left to crawl out by himself. First and foremost do not run away with the idea that lam the hero of thin story. I would that I had been—but that fickle jade Fortune willed otherwise. lam simply the hietorian whe records the facts as they occurred, and who declines to be held responsible for minis details. The trouble—and bad trouble I eau assure you it was— arose out of the fact that young Carstairs had got into the wrong set at college. Being an Englishman, and • Yorlinhireinan in particular he liked sport, but unfortunately not always sport of the legitimate kind; dog and cork fighting, badger drawing, and similar little aimmements seemed to give him greater pleasure than anything else. l'igeon shooting occupied a consideralaht 'portion of his spare time, while some of the -amounts he was well known to bass lost at cards made many • respectable young undergraduate's hair stand on eant with horror. The squire was , -liberality itself, bgt even his allowance went monitors, so to put matters right Neater Bob gal Into debt to a fine round figure. Shen came disgraead hiplines; in which, trrtunately Ist mm honcsa.t's sake, may it be said, Ise sets not as badly involved as some of the others. In manna quence three men were rusticated, two sent down, •our friend among the number,while the remainde_ were gated for the rent of the term. I will draw a kindly curtain over the young manta recel,tion at home. It is sufficient to say that he will not forget it so long an he lives. The whole thing was the more unfortunate tine. the very week in which it happened saw his sister Ethelwyn's life's happiness commence. She had had suitorn galore—myself among the slumber—but not one had been able to win her

beart until that redoubtable o-ai'eioi', Major Willoughby Norris, of the 3rd something or t • other, appeared upon the scene and captured it by wenlade, direct assault, or whatever the term , 'may be. What she could see in him, if his fame were pat oil one side, none of us could under- ' Adana. Ile was passahly good. looking, and certainly was the possessor of. soldierly figure End a neat, military moustache—which, I believe, counts for something with the sex. He was the youugeet Major on the Army list at that time, so I I was informed, and received some decoration or another for_his gallantry in holding a fort or I something of the kind in a place on the top of I India, the name of which I have never been able la remember. Please don't think jealous, tor I assure you I'm nothing of the sort. But I don't mind confessing that girls like Ethelwyn ' Carstairs arc not to be met with every day. It seems that old Carstaire was a great friend of Norris's father, and be renewed acquaintance with the eon, to whom he bad acted as godparent, at a club in town soon after the young man's return to England. Naturally he asked him to pay a visit to Egford, and equally naturally Norris accepted. He went, and from the moment of his arrival it was all over so far as we others were concerned. The visit lasted a fortnight, and at the end of that time the engagement was •innounecd. He then went off on a round of gamily visits, and when he had worked them off weturned to the Hall. Being an old friend of the gamily (how I trite that expression. I give you .my word, I shall not be forty-eight till neat .ootober) t was invited to meet him. I accepted ;and went, little dreaming what I was letting , myaelf dn for.. The welcome I received more than atoned for ithe atrocious journey, down, and the sight of tlittle Miss Ethedwyn s happines• did the rent— though I could have wished she had not called me "Uncle Jim," and have reminded me of the 'time when,l used to take her chocolates when ;she was at sebool in Brighton. It gives people ;a wrong impression, and as I said before I *hall not be--but there, lot thoUpass. 'the only person who did not seem entirely 'pleased to see me was Master Bob, of whose delinvencies I had of course been informed. Ilia boisterousness had left him, and a preter- naturally solemn youth was the result. But feeling that in time this would wear off I did not vrorry myself very murk about it. It was delight- ful summer weather, and the old haulm and the park were looking their very best. My favourite! cob was still in the land of the living, and when on the morning following my arrival Jenkins, the head-keeper, found occasion to inform me that the fishing bad never bees better, well, I heaved a sigh of contentment., and felt that my lot had indeed fallen in pleasant places. One lovely morning I was writing letters in the billiard-room ; the squire had gone down to tile home farm, the Major and his riaarre were wandering about the shrubberies, while Lady Carstairs was interviewing the housekeeper in the morning-room. Presently the door opened, and the heir of the house entered. He pretended Out he did not know I was in the room, but I was not deceived by his apparent ignorance. Like loony other people who try the same thing, ha overdid it, He wandered to the mantelpiece, took up an ornament, put it down again, whistled o few bars of a popular melody, and then tuned round and said: .1 asy, I'm awfully sorry, Uncle Jiin. I didn't see you. I'm afraid I muss ham disturbed Yew' "Net at ll my boy. Not at all. I replied, "I've just finished my letters. What as the order of the day ? Fishinj, 491 4 t

tle replied that he did not know, and threw himself down on the big settee in the how- window. He was nervous, and he did not want we to know it.

"I say, Uncle Jim," he said it last, "I've known you as long as I can remember.'

"1 believe you—have otsted.the feet correctly,'

I answered. .To he precise, vn hare ts.;im acquainted, let me see, for eighteen years, nine months end some odd da)a." "Well, the fact of the matter is, 1,34e1e Jim, I'm in no end of a hole, and I want you to advise me what I should so.'

Here was a nice position for a man to find himself placed in. However, I listened; all came out, and a pitiful tale it was. He had given his father a list of his debts, but, like a young idiot, he left out the biggest and ugliest of them all—particulars of which by no means redounded to his credit, The woman—for it was a woman— was dunning him for the money, and he dared not tell his father and ask him for more. As a matter of fact, she had even threatened to come herself and tell everything. You will agree the situation was a difficult one. The claim was outrageous, but something had to be done if a scandal were to be avoided. My advice to him was, "Go to your father, make a clean breast of it, and I think you'll find bell help you out of it. But don't shilly-shally. Tell him to-day, and be done with it.

... "Very well," he said, with a face as white as a sheet. "But he'll never forgive mo." Then he went out. _ .

I confess I was sorry for the boy, and I hoped he would keep his word. I presumed he had, for when next I met the squire I found him unusually depressed—so much so, indeed, that he went to his study and shut himself in instead of going fishing with me as arranged. Such a thing it is to have a family, I told myself. Next day the squire seemed a little more cheerful, but not so his son. ghat young gentle- man went about with a face like that of a pro- fessional mute. As he said nothing to me on the subject I did not refer to our conversation of the previous day. That evening he did not put in an appearance in the billiard-room after dinner on the plea that he had a headache and. was going to bed. As a matter of fact, we were all early birds, and, no far as I could tell, the house was locked up by eleven. - - - • •

How long I had been asleep I cannot say, but suddenly I found myself being violently shaken by the shoulder. With a grunt (expressive. I have no doubt, of disapproval) I rolled over, opened my eyes, and asked what was the matter. It was daylight, and to my astonishment my visitor was no less a person than the Major, and, stranger still, he was fully dressed; but not aa

I hacrfast seen him. Nov he worn an outdoor knickerbocker suit and carried • cap in his bond. "Anything wrong ? " I asked, not being able to understand the reason of his visit.

"It's just three o'clock. Dress yourself quickly and I'll tell you, was hi. reply.

I tumbled out, began to dress, and while I did so he told me his tale.

"Look here, Braithwaite," he said, "you're an old friend of the family and I know that I'm safe in confiding in you. There's the deuce and all to pay. You remember that young Bob did not slew up in the billiard-room after dinner last night, but said he was going to bed. Well, I happen to know that he did go to his room, but only to change his clothes, after which he went out, returning about half.past nine. An hour , and a-half ago I heard a step on the gravel ' below my window, and, wondering who it could be at such an hour, I looked out. The moon was still shining and I could see that it was Bob, with a bag in his hand, making his way through the shrubberies towards the side gate. Evidently he was bound for the station. Huomng there was trouble in the wind, I dressed as quickly as I could and went after him, but I was just too late to catch him. The train left the platform eel reached it."

"This is bad—very bad," I answered. "I don't mind telling you in confidence that the foolish lad is in serious trouble. To run away will only be to make matters worse." My companion groaned as if he were in actual pain. "A woman, do you say ? Great Heavens, my suspicions were correct after all, then! Oh, his poor family!" "What do you mean ?" "Liden. After I left the station I went for a walk to think matters over. It was just growing light I entered the park by the south lodge and made my way along the riverside until I came to that small copso at the bend. Why I should have entered it I do not know, but I did so, to dis- cover a woman's body lying among the bracken. She was dead—had been strangled as a matter of fact, for the rope was still round her neck. 1 came back as fast aa I could to the house to consult with you as to what should be done."

We looked at each other in horror. The game thought was uppermost in both our minds. I was the liret to speak. His family most know this morning that he has gone. The body will be found and the police communicated with—and then what ? "

"Don't—don't—for pity's sake! We must wave them and him at any hazard. It would break 'Ethelwyn's heart."

twos thinking more of the unfortunate father and mother. "You must come with me and see the woman," he said at last. "We must then talk it over and try to see what can be done." I followed, him meekly from my item and down the great, silent house. Once in the hall below he stopped end turned the key of the dining-room door. Entering he mixed two brandies and sodas, and gave me one. "You will want it," he said, shortly. Then we set off on our ghastly errand, talking am we went. We found the body, and my suspicions were confirmed, for in the pocket of the jacket was the return half of a railway ticket from Cambridge. "Put that in your pocket and burn it when you get home," said the Major; and I obeyed. Having recovered from my first feeling of horror I looked more closely at the unfortunate woman. Distorted though her face was she was not unattractive, and at one time might even have been pretty. She was dressed in a flaehy style; also wore a hat with trailing feathers. She wore a wedding ring, and •half-hoop of imitation diamonds on the third finger of the right hand. There was a purse in her pocket containing twenty-five shillings and sixpenee, and, what added to our horror, a paoket of letters from that wretched young Bob, all signed with his full IMMO. -

eeee, "Put those in your pocket, too," ordered the Major. "We'll burn them unread." - - - .

Again I obeyed, and asked what we should do nest. - - - "-

"We must find some safe place to bide the body for the present," he said; "somewhere ' where no one will ever think of looking for it. Do you know of any such place?" ' I thought and thought, but could not recall any that would answer our purpose. At last an idea occurred to me. There was an old ice-house at the end of the lake. It had not been opened for years. No one would ever think of looking there. "Come along, thee, • said the Major; and though I loathed the work I obeyed. "Heaven help us if anyone should see us!" he added, as we bore our grisly burden along in the bright morning light. But no one did see on. We reached the house safely, entered it, and laid the body on the floor in the darkest part. Then we left, carefully closing the door behind us.

"We must find some nails and a hammer and fasten that door up as soon as possible," said the Major as we stode back to the house. I agreed with him. On reaching the house we made haste to destroy the incriminating railway ticket, and , that done felt more at ease. But how were we to account for Bob's mysterious departure? That would have to be explained somehow. "Could you forge a letter from him to his mother, do you think?" asked the Major, anxiously. "If I could I'd do it like a shot." "I've never tried such a thing," I answered. "But if you like I'll do no now. Tell me what I am to say." I spread one of the wretched youth's letters to . . .

the woman out on the table before me for a copy, and waited for him to begin. We knew it must ,be expressed in lds own peculiar plaraseolou. The result was as follows:

"Dear Ntater —l've cot no end of • }lrma. Camp, so I to on by the early trai, to town for a week or so. Square the governor.—Your loving son, "Boa*

II I wrote one copy I moat have written 0

couple of dozen before I was aatisfled. When It was at last completed I could have wept over it and the thoughtu it conjured up. The only thing the Major could lay was "Poor Ethelwyn!" Theo we burnt the letters as we had done the ticket, and Norris picked up the one I had , written. "I'm going to slip this quietly under Lady Carstalrs' bedroom door," he said, 'so thnt she may get it before she meeta on. Heaven bless you, Braithwaite; you've proved yourself a true Ifriend. I'm afraid I should not have had the pluck to go through with it alone." "Bosh!" I answered. "You've done more than I have." I ran tell you, and with truth, that never is my life have I spent such another day as that. What I cannot understand is why I did not go off my heed. When Lady Carstaire came down to breakfast she informed on that her son had gone up to town, and added the little fib that he begged us to forgive him. I thought I should have broken down entirely; indeed, it vats only the Major's sly kick that made me remember what was expected of me. Then the squire put in an appearance and had something to say on the subject, after which came Miss Ethelwyn, who, sister like, spoke her mind plainly and to the point. How the wretched Rob felt I cannot Rey, but I know that I went about like a murderer on the eve of his execution. I could not settle to any- thing, and felt a cold shiver run over me every time the front-door bell rang. Norris nod dared scarcely meet each other's eyes, but later in the day he found occasion to inforos me that he had nailed the ice-house door up--which was something to be thankful for. That night I did not sleep a wink, but sat in my armchair reading until sunrise. It was destined to be an eventful

day. After breakfast Ethelwyn suggested that her lover should take her on the Joke to pick water- lines, and to her surprise he begged to be excused on the plea that he had a touch of fever, the result of his Indian campaign, and thought it prudent to remain at home. I was afraid she was going to ask me to take her, but she did not. I would not have gcno near the lake fur anything. That afternoon the squire and his lady drove off to pay a call some seven or eight miles away. Miss Etliclwyn was due at a village meeting, so that the Major and 1 were left to our own

Between four o'clock and half-past we were sitting in the cool of the great Hall, not doing much in the way of conversation, as you may suppose, when the Major suddenly sprang to his feet with a cry. I followed his example in both respects, and you will be able to understand why when I tell you that, entering by the front door, Gladstone in hand, was no lees a person than young Robert, the very man of all others who should have been hundreds of miles away. The position had suddenly become worse than ever.

"You young idiot I" cried Norris, in a whirl- wind of wrath. "Are you mad that you venture back here ? "

"Mad ?" said the other, in astonishment, "Why should 1 be? I've an good a right here as any- one else. What do you mean ? " Though he spoke with assurance his face had suddenly grown deathly pale. He knew that we held his eecret. "Hush!" I whispered. "Don't talk here, come to the billiard-room." He followed on there, still carrying his bag. I closed the door carefully. "I'm not going to tell you what I think of you," began the Major, "for your people's sake. But this I do tell you, that your coming back here is either sheer madness on your part, or selfish consideration for your own feelings an opposed to theirs. Why, man, the police may be here for you at any moment. We found the woman--" "The woman ?" he cried, and staggered back against the table as if he were shot, At that moment Etlielvvyn passed the window. "Come!" I cried, frantically. "Run for your life and bide yourself upstairs. Let no one see you if you value your mother's love. We will tell you everything later. Run, run 1 You haven't an instant to lose." There was a second door from the room, and through this he dashed. Instinctively we picked up cues and pretended to play. A few moments later Ethelwyn entered, looking prettier than I had ever seen her in her delightfully cool summer frock. She glanced round the room as if in surprise. "Why, where is Bob ?" she asked. "Bob?" we ejaculated simultaneously. Then Nurrie added: "Why, in London surely? "But I saw him in here as I passed the window. Don't tease me, dear. Has he come home?" "My dear girl, I have already said that he is in London. Did he not tell your mother in hie letter that he would not be back for a week ? " "But 1 saw him here. I am sure of it." To what extent we perjured ourselves I dare not think, but even at the end she waa not convinced. That idle still believed we were deceiving her I could see, and she wan propor- tionately angry with us both, her lover in particular. Their first quarrel was imminent. I wonder what she would have said had she known the truth. We were saved, however, by the fact that just at the right moment the squire and his wife returned, and we nll adjourned to the Hall for tea. Three of on at least did nut feel inclined for it. We had not been seated in our chain more than lire minutes before Ethelwyn, who had hitherto been ice itself, sprang from her chair and pointed up the stairs. "1 told you so," she cried, turning angry eyes upon her lover and myself. "I knew ho , had come home, and that you were not telling me the truth." The wretched Bob was descending to greet his family, and in the fuss that followed our excuses that we had only meant it for a joke passed Unnoticed. "But, tny dear boy," said his mother, "in your letter you told me that you were not coming home for a week." The eat was coming out of the bag now, unless he bad the sense to see what he ought to do. Not he! "1 didn't write any letter, mother," he blurted out. "I meant to write when 1 got to town." "But I found one ',milled under my bedroom dour," she said, as if she did not understand. "Well, I didn't write it," the fatuous idiot repeated, doggedly. "Somebody's been playing a joke upon you." Ethelwyn glanced from her lover to myself, and I'm afraid we both quailed before her. I'm perfectly sure at least that I did. How on earth Was it all going to end? I felt inclined to throw up my hand and let the game play itself out in Bei own way. It wag nearly half-an-hour before Norris and I could get that wretched young man to our- selves, and then we expended upon him all the vials of our wrath "1 couldn't help it," he answered, feebly. "I met old Gregory, the housekeeper, on the stain, and as she would have told mother 1 thought it best to come 4 sit. But, look here, what does all this fuss mean ? What have 1 done that you should want me to hide?" "Heaven help you! You know as well as I do," I said, amazed at his callousness, "what you have done. You have brought the greatest dis- grace a man can bring down upon his family, and, to be plain with you, it won't be your own fault if you don't pay for it with your life.' "But—but—" he stammered, trembling in every limb, "I have done nothing wrong. 1 know I got into trouble with that woman, and that she tried to blackmail me on a charge of forging a man's name to a cheque, and said she would come and tell the governor if I did not buy her off. I've managed to raise the money to square her; that was why I went up to tow? and why I came back so quickly." A light was beginning to dawn upon me. "Did you gee this woman?" !corns. .Did she come here?" "Yes, the night before last in the park. She said she would call at the house in the morning if I did not let her have the money. So off I bolted to town to see what I could do." "Will you wear by all you hold sacred that you did not lay hands upon that woman ?" "I swear it! At that moment the deer ef the sited.. was thrown open, and the squire stored is • state or great excitement with a newepaper in his hands. "My good friends," he began, "this evenieg's paper from York has just been brought to me by the police. It contains terrible news. A poor wretch committed suicide in that city this morn- ing. leaving behind him a confessien that on the

night before loot he murdered his wife by atrang- ling her in my park. It appears he had reason to believe that she intended running away with a man. The sergeant and three constables are waiting outside to aearch the park." For a moment I thought I should become hysterical. I dared not look at the Major, and he confessed afterwards that he dared not look at me. As for young Bob, I don't know how he felt. Very much like a murderer who is reprieved at the laat moment. It was touch-and- go work for him. They searched the park, but found nothing. Then someone suggested the ice-house. I believe It was the Major. Here ends the story. Heaven be thanked it had a happier termination than I thought at one time it would have.

Norris sold out of the Army after him marriage, and I am proud to say I am godfather to him eldest son, a promising young reseal of three now. lam also glad to any that young Bob—as I shall always call him—is to-day quite a reformed character. In a great measure I think he owes it to the fright he received in con- nection with the little matter which forms this story. To this day I always avoid that ice-house. If I were Sir Robert I should pull it down, The Major quite agrees with me. 0:11E EN.]

===== 0002601_19110701_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
)

===== 0002601_19110701_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKS TRIPS.

WARRINGTON TANNING CO. LTD.

The annual excursion promoted by the Warrington Tanning Co , Ltd., Memey-stree., took place on Satur- day last, the popular seaside resort of Blackpool being the rendezvous. The day was spent in the Tower, Palace and Winter Gardens. Mr. Booth bad charge of the arrangements. FLEMING'S TANNING CO., LTD. As in previous years the above accompanied the Sankey Wire Mills trip to Blackpool, the arm paying expenses end providing a dinner. At the dinner a special feature was the presentation to the area of a day'e wage for Coronetion Day. Owing to the incle- ment weather the inside aminementa were chiefly patronised, special concessions having been provided for reduced prices of admisiicn. ^

===== 0002601_19110701_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
AtaITAGE AND RIGBY LIMITED.

The annual excursion organi=ed by the employees of this firm took place on Saturday, when upwards of 1,8(0 people were conveyed in three special trains to Blackpool by the Cheshire I.inee route. Unfortunately the weather was very unfavourable and most of the time was spent in visiting the indoor entertain- ments which abcutd at the popular resort. About 2CO of the excuraionials remained at Blackpool until Tuesday or Wednesday. WILLIAM ROBERTSON LIMITED, LATCHFORD. The sixth annual picnic M connection with this com- pany took place on Saturday, the rendezvous this time being the well favoured emelt of Blackpool. Special cars conveyed the party to town, end they were in high spirits and ready to make the beet of whatever the day gave. (ho weather was so unpropitious as toreador all out door enjoyment next to impossible. Most uee therefore was made of the enormous indoor anmaementa which Blackpool so well provide.. The return journey was mode about 8 o'clock, arriving in Warrington about 9.30.

CASTLE RUBBER COMPANY LIMITED. The annual trip to Blackpool on the Saturday after Walking Day in an event which is looked forward to with keen anticipation, hut the employees were greatly disappointed by the inclement weather. About 110 left Warrington soon afier half-past six and on arrival at their destination they proceeded to the Tower, Palace and Winter Gardens, where they remained for the greeter part of the day. As canal the staff had lunch and tea at the Victoria Hotel, St. Armes. Mr. A. E. Purdett had the arrangements in band. MONKS, HALL & CO.

The annual excuraion to Blackpool took place last Ssturday. About 800 employees and friends availed themeelves of the trip, leaving by special train. at 5.15 and Sam. Special arrangements had been made for their admission to the Tower, Pala,., end Winter (hider. end thin considerably relieved them of spend- ing the day in the inceesent rain. By special agree- ment the roves for the South Shore amonementa had been modified, but few were couraaeous enough to venture along the promenade to participate in them. Warrington WAR reached about 0 o'clock. Mr. J. J Orion acted as secretary for the trip. W. D. HOUGHTON AND CO.

This year the employees of Mess.. W. D. Houghton I and Co., of Sankey Wire Mills went to Blackpool for the 9th time in succession. But never before have they emtlysu;•ahi.irriyni.ognhnaripy.ttlimetispaleoblindord. rapi; com- eaMat Ea)liday. Soon after 930 over 900 employee. and friend. left Bank Quer Station. and on arri rr I at Ilk clipool thee immediately made for the Tower, Pelee° and Woster Cardena—their only hope. The usual fascinations of these place. did not long hlld their away, for the thousands In the buildings made matter. very uncomfortable. A good number of the ernplorees caught the first train home possible, but the majority remained until 7 o'clock In the hope that there would he a respite and opportunity afforded for • stroll on the popular promenade. Mr. J. Bowers had charge of the arrangements. THE RICHMOND GAS STOVE AND METER CO, LIMITED. -

The annual excursion took place as usual on Saturday Blackpool again being the piece selected by a b snot amongstthe employees. In spite of the unpromising weather of the previous day there was a grand muster for the early trains from Bank Quay and over 1,000 excursionists including employees, their wives and Minds were conveyed in the two special trains and if at Blackpool in good time. Mr. J. A. Ransome, Warrington managing director, accompanied the part!, sod on arrival entertained the foremen and their wives to breakfast at the Bee Restaurant. The very wet weather made it necessary for the greater part of the day to he spent under cover .d the various places of amusement were well patronised. In every respect except the weather, the excursion was a great encases and the majority if the excuntionists seemed to hats had • very enjoyable day.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
LAND VALUES AND FRIENDLY SOCIETIES.

In considering how land value. taxation will affect Friendly Societies it is first of all necessary to get clear as to the functions these associations should perform in society. The accepted idea of the functions of a Friendly Society is that its operations should be carried out so as to secure to its members, drawn almostentirely from the working classes, the I greatest possible benefit in the matter of insurance spinet death, old age, accident and sickness. A great deal of the opposition offered by supporters of friendly societies to the taxation of land values arises through Abele enpporters looking at the question in the light of the societies being landowners pure and simple. Other interests or duties are overlooked or but partially considered. Many of these societies have their funds invested partly, some in greater degree than others, in ground rents. Very seldom, if ever, are tie whole of the funds invented in this way. It follows then that some part of the funds, probably a good proportion, is invested in other ways, in building property or industrial concerns. The land values proposal is to transfer all present rates and taxes to a land value basis. The present system of taxation penalises land users in proportion to their enterprise or industry and hits the accisty through the building property or the indoetrial enterprises in which their funds are invested. Land Values Taxation means taxes accord- ing to the value attaching to land by reason of the presence and activity of population,irrespective of the nee to which it is put. This means the relief of buildings and industry, and friendly societies will benefit as much an anyone by the change. Then again, the members of friendly societies would greatly benefit individually through the new system of taxation. Taxes on land values would have the effect of bringing much valuable and productive land that is at present idle into use, and of encouraging the better development of badly used land. The resultant increased demand for labour would tend to banish unemployment and would raise wages. Surely this is a matter of great importance end advantage to members of friendly accietics. The gain to the members as householders and wage-earners would be enormous, esen if it were cert tin, which it is not, that the eucieties' investments would suffer. SIDNEY J. PHILLIPS. '

THE ACADEMY GOLF CUP. RESULT OP SECOND ROUND. E Males beat Di H Brady. HD Roberts w.o S Walton (ear). L. A Voiloi but .1 Fairbolet. W Richardson, jos. beet S Vtbartos W Bibby J bi Murray (oor). E J ItoH beat W Greenhouse. W Richardson beat J Richardson, jos. HU Eau beat F W Westin.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
AS YOU GO THROUGH LIFE.

Don't look for the flawa as you go through life; And even when you find them, lii. wise and kind to be somewhat blind, And look for the virtue behind them; For the cloudiest night has • tint of light Somewhere in its shadows hiding; It's better by far to hunt for a star, Than the spots on the sun abiding.

The current of life runs ever away To the bosom of Clod's great ocean. Don't act your force 'gainat the river's course, And think to alter its motion. Don't waste a curse on the universe, Remember, it lived before you; Don't butt at the storm with your piny form, But bend sad let it go o'er you.

The world will never adjust itself To miit your whims to the letter, Some things must go wrong your whole life long, And the sooner you know it the better. It is folly to light with the Infinite, And go under at Isst in the wrestle. The wiser man shams into God's plan, As water shapes into a vessel.

Ella Whaler 11-11,

===== 0002601_19110701_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
INTREPID PHUTOGRAPHERS.

Photo] 'Burrell. TWO MEMBERS OF THE WARRINGTON PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY EMERGING FROM THE SMOKY BLACKNESS OF DUTTON TUNNEL.

On the occasion of the recent trip in a canal boat from Dutton to Marbury, only two out of about 20 members of the Warrington Photographic Society were courageous enough to venture through the Dutton Tunnel, which is a mile in length. These intrepid photographers were Messrs. J. H. Kertland and W. R. Jackson, who aver that they fully enjoyed their novel experience though at times the darkness was intense. Half way they had reason to complain of the thick smoke which made the air stifling.

, % ill ..eo. '''' 4.161•1%...1111 Ila "It ' 't ,7 ^tt - . . ---....

===== 0002601_19110701_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
kaulTEI) CHEQUES.

When is banker must recto? to honour a cheque is (1) olija he has natiee of the death of the customer; (21 ulieu lie has notice of the customer's bankruptcy. There have been 1,11110 interesting eases in connection with the first of these points. Mr. X Entrie, • rich old man, wax very ill. It occurred to him that he had not provided is his will for Mini Farcwon. So he sent for the lady at elevrn o'clock one night, wrote out a cheque for .41,000 in her name, and handed it to her. But at twelve o'clock the some night the old gentleman died, and his relations who were in the house sent word to the bank at once. Consequently, when Miss Farewon appeared at the counter the next morning and asked for £l,OOO in notes and . gold, she was politely informed that the bank could not pay the cheque. The lady I was in this position, Her cheque, as such, was waste paper, and she could not compel the executors to pay, because it was merely an intention to give; and a promise to give is of no value in English law, because it ia without valuable consideration. • • • COUNTERMANDED BY CUSTOMER.

(3) When the customer countermands • cheque, the banker must not pay it. If he doe,. he will be obliged to refuna the money to the customer. It makes not the slightest difference, as far as the banker is concerned, whether the customer had a good reimon, a bad reason, or no reason at all for ordering the draft not to be honoured. Sufficient it in that it has been "stopped," or counter- manded. If the holder t,f the cheque has any grievance by reason of the countermand, ho must settle it with the customer. • • • TRUST MONEY.

(4) A banker munt not pay n cheque if be. knows—"knows," . mind; not "su.peetn "

that it is drawn for the purpoee of 'commit- ting a fraud. Thus, Fumme had two bank. ing accounte at the same bank--one his own private account, which was overdrawn; the other wee known to the bank to be a trust account. Ile drew a cheque on the trust account to repay the overdraft on his private account; in other words, paid a private debt with money known by the hank not to be his own. The bank was compelled to make mei- tution to the trust account.

Here is a bit of advice, Never send away by post a cheque payable to bearer, unless you cross it and mark it "not negotiable" or "payee's account." Always use an "order ' cheque-book. • • •

I 0 U 'S. Many, if not most, people have either given or taken an I 0 U. Most people imagine that an 1 0 U is akin to a promissory note. This idea is another of the haw.; crop of popular delusions on legal subjects. ' It is somewhat curious that although II 0 U's are so largely in use, very few people ' know the simple !act that any departure from the very simplest form of the document in question is liable to turn it into something other than an I 0 U. and to alter its legal aspects altogether. First of all let us give the proper form of I 0 U. It is merely tbis:— To John Jones, Esq. March 12, 1897, 1 0 U Ten Pounds. £lO. BERRY F. BROWN.

No stamp in necessary. But if you write, an I have often seen, "I 0 U £lO, which I will pay in three months," or something of that kind. you require a stamp, because this is not • true I 0 U. For an I 0 U ought merely to be an acknowledgment that money is owing—not a promise or contract to pay money. An acknowledgment of indebtedness requires no stamp—a contract does. And, again, it is c..ry easy to turn an intended I 0 U into a promissory note. You do not, .and cannot, transfer the right to a debt by transferring an I 0 U for it. Thum in the above case, if John Jones sells the 1 0 U to you, you do not thereby become entitled to demand the £lO from Henry F. Brown. And if an I 0 U in not transferable, still lesa is it negotiable tui Bills and Note. are. An I 0 U been its virtue (in England) in six yearn from the time it was given. And finally, it has not the same force in a court as a Bill or Note; for a Bill or Note is, in itself, by mercantile custom, a contract; and value is presumed to have been given for it, while your I 0 U has exactly the same legal value as, and no more than, • letter aaying, "Dear Jones. know that I owe

===== 0002601_19110701_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
New Tale NEXT WEEK.

Next Saturday we shall publish the opening in- stalment of an engrossing new Story of Deceit Sc Intrigue, entitled

===== 0002601_19110701_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
The Fountain of Beautg,

by that talented Authoress

===== 0002601_19110701_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Mrs I. T Meade

This is a remark- able Story, which will still further enhance the big reputation of its author.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturdag Next Julg Bth.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
J. & W. DUTTON'S SUMMER SiALE.

Tailor-made Coats and Skirts in Cloth and Serge from 21/- Cream Serge Coats and Skirts from 18/6. All Model Coats and Skirts about half-price

Bargains in Trimmed Millinery

Bargains in Sunshades

===== 0002601_19110701_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Bargains in Blouses

Ladies' Shirt Blouses, plain and check Zephyr, usual prices 2/:1 and 3/6 each. Sale price 1/61 each. White Lawn Blouses, tucked fronts 1/9i each. White Lawn Blouses, embroidered fronts 1/11f each. White Lawn and Muslin Blouses, trimmed embroidery & lace, from 2/6 to 10/6 each Jap Silk. Blouses from 4/11 to 21/- each.

Bargains in Bags and Trunks _ .

Suit Cases, Kit Bags, Gladstone Bags, Dress Baskets, Cabin Trunks, etc.

IBargains in Dress Materials

1,500 Yards of Dress and Costume Materials, all good colourings and double width, usual prices 1/41 to 3/- per yard. Sale price 1/- per yard. We are making a special window display of these goods.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Bargains in Silks

A large collection of Satins and Silks, plain and fancy, usual prices r/6 to 2/6 per yard. Sale price 1/- per yard.

Bargains in Table Linen

The finest bargains we have ever had will be offered durinL; this Sale.

miscellaneous.

rtiL u XAni.I.N cat uerleS Miscellaneous, Medical. __._. _ 1) _eABY CARRIAGES. Buy direct from the makers. fft,--Vititioe.-Succeesful modern treatment, 2 6 1_1(M-ISE TO LET.-'• Winona," WhitegilT ri-F-1.--A. - --- - r REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. ~. 1.0 Cash or credit. Ageots wPted.-Ha Rime., Bridge post free.-Snaox,Chemiet, Manninsham,Bradf.ord Heath 51.0Unt1111.D,“ Epoorth," Whitelleld rd., Stocktoe WIDNES. Ell, E 7, 810, E2O, E3O, 650, MOO. Ii A DIA.ZICES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADE& One Three Si x Thirteen ' - - at., Warrington. TIOXIIS cut bloom, Sweet Nu, ell newest shades Ford. S'ee 6d 1.54 204. 504k. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. cure. loexpensive. Either, 7e1.-DAv ix., RM RS WORK' 11 IL post paid.-Lucss, Hale Farnham. ._ ALL REQUIRING Apartmentationees, Shope, Flat,,,r• ' 1 rent EM.-133, Ilnws•lf RD., Warrington. Apply ....- 24 ... Dd. ... Is. 10d. ... lis. Cd. ... ss. Od. QOAP.-Scrubbing Powder, lowt. hag, 15e ,retails 4d. &0., hi London, Seaside or Country, i.,, 1mi,,..,,,,, ?dead_ cw et., Manchester. S.W. i tabletio A oldEers;on their owlinGsMeLNrltyanwdith- CCHEMENT.--.COMforMble Home during CoO- 139' 13°'"" r''• I‘.'P.°°• - - - 32 ... le Od. ... 2a. 61 ... M. Od. ... 7e. 6d. .7 lb.-21 MIR/MY RD, Rock Ferry. Weekly House and Apartment Advertieer and Roardnie A Coo , --- est delay, on our simple written promise to pay hada 7;,,,,,..w6diu...11: ic RcoAIivRENA.NVIcmHONRIOAL/RCHABLEBEDRES,AwI.IINDONSR.s. 40 ... le. Sd. ... 3. ld. ... 5. Od. ... 8. 9d. EAT MOSS epecially prepared for fowl houses, 3/6 Hour Guide. 16 ,pages ,to select from. Send for 4-1 finement -Etats. 24, Upper Lloyd it., Moss lane TO wltkr,;Gbo.o,ll) 11.04 U SB. oEt-w. Slat. t , ...-t ,A 49 ... ls. 6d. ... 3. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 100. Od. 1- 2 cwt. bele.-ließber, &Mad.* Southport. !penmen copy, 21 _ ..OL MI i.A II traRTIID., London, S.W. Eaat, klencheater. JOHN E. GOODWIN. MANAGER. Enville st.. Warrington. . ___ •11 ESE FURNII LIRE ruLiati onentis • reelp• for IRECr from Loom to esrer.-Splendid th. (.10RNS.-Jepanese Silk absolutely cures any corn ; 1-14 Is.-W, D. WA rsoN, Drove rd., Biggleinsde. D Length., ; aleo °e -o ; late' 1 0..., try it, Bid. and Inpo ifree.-Sobe English Depot, Ilk NwittisgSroE.l.-..1-. I;t3elsli-tFurtrwrdspedwwdHroo.o.l.:SEtwal.),kiwLbEwwT i, 111 ; pattern. free ; carriage paid.-WasT Mouse RIDGE, Chemist, Harrogate. ADVA N C ES FROM £5 UPWARDS. , WALLPAPERS, httlf usual prima petts free ; sni MANUFACTURING Co., Goiter. Huddenfield. II Bay, Angl' i - ' - ON NEW AND UP-TO-DATE SYSTEM. 4 , v v quantity supplied.-SClTRoDEE,Getford,Lood., S.E. r• Wood Wonder Oil.--Tiorpassee all other ...ie. for 8..11 domestic offixess snip, stablest-Toone. Bryn 1-1, Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sprelna&c. Sample bottle A , • 139 ' MANGENE,' . .. 'WANwT. E.. 0. gBoLd i;TelrEyNe'oErß.-Allgrlide 1;4,6,1101%EN 0,0,s , L ,0,, i Costume Skirts, good clothes, all sine, color ki -Li A afro and certain core for Mange In Dogs, Cafs, 1i5.31 free.-AID AsSOCIATIoN,I9I3,CbarIes st,Bradford. ORRICK.; TO BE LET.-Uninn Bank Chanit.. NO FEES. NO FEES. Formby, Liverpool. Abu:Pr'. Tan° r Chapel-Atherton, Lend. Suites of Rooms facing Sankey st. end Cairo st. THE USUAL USURERS ROUTINE Homes, and other animals, and hair restorative. Prios nintment, Pare .-Ipshiable in every home for Burns suitable for offloads and other purpmes.-Apply UNION WANTED GIRL (respectable) about 11 to help FOR SALE.-Ticket from fiti Wigan to Edinburgh ;2. . per bottle aod 3d. for practa-REGIN `1 ALD -, Boris, Cot; Abscesses, Inflammation, Too. Sample BASS LTD., Wsrelegton. ENTIRELY ARAN lIONED. with hoilliewOrk.-Apply Mr. KNIGHT, Dim- yallable until Monday 3rd last-Apply In I Jones & 0., 127, Port Teapot rd, Swanson, S. Willer with instructions, 7d.-Dme o, 654 Fishponds rd „Bristol helms Hall, Davyliuline, Manchester. , OLDHAM ST., Warrington. I:FINISHED HOUSE for one, torsor three months,• Apply by letter to S. SEGAL (Registered). F Latchford Without, 5 minutes station: dlningaed . F. ACADEMY STREET. WARRINGTON. ' IPCGEOZIATION WEATHEK CHARTI/- ylthenmatism.-Chemist having twice suffered 'then- -19., motto Fever will sand tablet. (compounded from WANTED, GENERAL' good homa-Apply Mrs. Qatety Raeors.-Bankrupt Stock Genuine Golan drawing rooms, 3 bedrooms. bath. &c. ; south garden ; I --- ----- -__ - TAYLOR, . Pandora" Clarence-terrem, Coot.) ...." model. complete io case, 2.. free. Special This Is en legeniou. ii" etWeleielY new By tam of Physician's prescrip.)U-poet free.-189 High st.,lllox whin . ton.,, .04. ~,,,,,._Apply z.. . F.,....,,,r , Om., , 0. X T 0 15,000 LENT DAILY Promenade, Dougl.s. Isle of Mao. ; bygnin.-TRAUIE, 44, Elgin at.. Hanley, Stan. mcortsining what is the forecast day by day, ea correet NIMILLS.-Why pay fancy price. when you can pt 50 ' µArrington. _ _. _ - WANTED'Good GENERAL ; ...II f..11,•-APPIT ,I' tress, pillow, and 2 large wool blanket., 15. corn- otherwise. Pedal Orders 1.. to 64.-Front It. W. Woolisock. Cardieso. Thousands .old.l stating wages arid refereneen.-PENRHOS, s P. loete.-HAWKINS BROS., Melbotirne Works, Exeter. MIDDLETON AND CO., if SHEER Up.-What's the trouble ? Your liver wrong? . SMITH AND TURTON, Valuer., Estate, Insurance f 5 lone, R°F.2 Z 5 10. I £25 1c.... SePel 4V 101 rd., Timperley Altrincham. and Commission Agents, Mortgage Brokers, SIS „ „ £l6 10a. I R5O „ „ R. 55 _ wrANTED, GENERAL.-Strong GIRL for farm- .i.direct from the Merchants at ogres! saying.Petterns , --- ----15 - --- -- Sbewyer's Vegetable Pills; they will put nes Tfe intu WARRINGTON. o e house ; good wags.; good home.-Bdre. fren-Htvc Hurst BROS., 38,Weetgate, Huddersfield. ' im WORTH FOR 1-0/6 you; Poitf-in- lieL-SHSWYSS9C'Semid. B.l°d°''' 3, FORD ST., Newly beautified, ss. per week. No sureties, no deli% no publicity. Special attentioe Regnante'', hobo. Farm, Inc., Chester. t IRESS WELL... Well.-S nd econdband Bargains TO LADIES. CRUSADE AGAINST G 4 a 84, ALGERNON Sr., 4.. Bd. per week. applicants, from this district. CHARLES PAIK IN, WANTED,• GENERAL MAN SERVANT. Good 1-, in Commies, Blouse. &a blimp for list.- HOUSES in NOItRIS ST., Bath &.c, 6. &73. week. . 219,13RUNSWICH ST,OIFORD RD., MANCFIESTER4 wager to a suitable per.on.-Apply YORKSHIRE MADAME, 41, i Fade gh rd, Stoke Newington, London. .In order to Introduce the New Saniga Spray, we are , CONSUMPTION. • NEW HOUSES, Hallfielde rd., Sa. per week. offering for a Mort period only, our new perfemed I (VOLD its the forerunner of Coneumption. Dr. Quoin e _ and at 19, WITTON IST.. (over Bradley's Clothing Sbop) 6 MARSH HOUSE LANE Bath w & 7s. '1 r Horst, Burnley. 1 IA IN TY Miniatures for pendants are our speniality.. Rubber Douche which,for quality and price,is unequalled. , V grmt oold epecific, latest sod greatest medical die. ' „.• - • • •°. °•• °Po NORTHWICH. WANTED, 4th August, Roost COOK-GENERAL -11-7 Send photo, with P.o.l.„and we will survive you; It is reedy superior to the old-style emcee,coven poeitively kills prms end expels colds, with w".• Protestant.- Apply Mr. Sear Teta, Norris Hill Photo returned undarnaged.-Elernte STUDIO, Dover. instead of a heavy flow of liquid labi his injurious, you their 'atteodaut evil. Absolutely safe sod eine Lock-up Shop PADGATE LANE, 7. m3d.w pr eek is week ear I - HERE'S A CHANCE FOR ea - • HOIJSE2 in ORFORD AVENUE, 8.. er . 1 Heaton Norris, none Stockport a w A PAGE BOOK about HERBS sod Ho to Use get with our Sanign• fierily distributed light spray. Marvelous in rapidity. Poet free for Is. lid. from .__ - trit - 39, FORD ROAD, 425 per year clear. YOU. rert-o wA • good strong GENERAL for kitchen WI Them, free; send for one.-TnifarrEtt, The Ladies will find the Saniga Sprey • greet acquisition. , MCAIN'S SrEciric C0.,97 Cheemide, London, E.C. . 102, WILKINSON ST.. 5.. per week. work. -Address, SWIFT'S RESTAURANT, 17, Flerbriliet, 144, Richmond r., Cardiff._ Fatablished)B79 10/6 post fres in plain wrapper. -- I NO MATTER WHO OR WHAT YOU ARE on long so Utilise, rd., Blackburn. CIOLGEN. HiN I'd t-c• Worsen (B ii-b Sexes): Higher BURTON BRIGGS & CO., FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS i DR. DAVIS'S BROOKSIDE COTTAGE Penketh, semi-detached, WANTED, experienced GENERAL SERVANT, rigs XX wages, ao seriatim independent pensioos. Price , rent El Bs. 6d. month clear. I I consider you ...defector, 18 to 2L Good references lisclUirML-Mrs. Sd.-Newsorl 2 Findon rd She herds Both Londod p , 90 WEST ST., SHEFFIELD. FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS 17, PINNERS BROW, Lock.np Shop ; suit Butche.! I WILL TREsT YOU WITH A LOAN FROM TTAVE been universally admitted to be a Boon to rent 6.. 6d. per week clear. E. 5 to E5OO. Emis. Bellies lane. Winerick. ease Werrinstun. - 10th. tine, 2e. 64. Why pay WANTED, excrienma and Young Coon- 1 more. Two tins carriage psid.-Witotssats Shares. j for AnieMis, Giddiness, Fulness end Swelling ( 9-" s 36, GENERAL STREET, rent 4s. 3d. per week, my terms and you will nod them still lower. Learn my GENERAL Homemeld %Breams, Moose. PAINT WAREHOUSE, 23, Stanley st., Maceleefield. riUNLIFFE, Sowell & Co., Bankers, Shore Dealers I ,Iloolo• Lose of ApPetite, HYlterie. PnlPl.lntlo...f„tb. ° 10, WELLINGTON STREET, rent ss. per week. modem way of lending money without publicity. Fry maids, Waitressee sn superior General., Kitcheamsids. -11Ine.RIAD'S Sillier REG ISTRY, RushOint,Msnolvestes. eeds Src -Gents' suitings Ladies' Costumes VlO Place de la Bourse Paris Send postcard for ' t• Qootch Ter , . , , , . Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregorsintr.• .• d 4 scHool, BROW, Shop end House, rent 4. 6d. weekly or monthly payments to it your convenieorn 1.7 newest designslength ; patteros ; parcel. partionlam. Bankers references. Established 1898, and •II Female Ailments. Bose. Is. lid., 2s. 9d. • per week clear. Apply at once to the Actusl Lender %CANTED, Superior GENERAL ; also Cook- ; i paid.- Dept. F., Milloroft Tweed Co., Haw ick, Scotland --- . , - Med. and 11. (Ssruple sent free), Only address :- HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good eemi-detached V General ; 2in family' ,• wages 116 to Ell.- , fl lonousGoodwood.-Caterer desires the co-operatioe , 309,P0RT0 BELLO RD.. NOTTING HILL, LONDON MARK RUBIN, Residence ; large garden ;sunny situation ; reduced Nett's REG I sTRY, The Village. Formby. •BA- (Jo. enema Ise in t ese. qyr 4 VINALS 4 450laies or pntlemen with from Er. to Ea). I I: Ith.ry effort prikeworthy. No duplicates. Two_ rent. Principle - 3, ARPLEY STREET, SIARKET-GAT% Warrington, good Double 011ioe, • Wanted. for ed THOMPSON CI pine., Davenport . _ _"7- _ • -_ • • _ ' Security,' Box 7823. Shadow. 54 Hart st Loncion,W C. most oentral position in town ; dlgoo ight ; El 6. (off Sankey Street) Warrington. Vane, Cambric Hankerchief Treat° ladies writing ft. WOODWARD MI- 43, NEW-/tOAD, Rent 4r.94. per week. M . eneR,WWIR MIREE TIP for CINDERS &a. on the WARRINGTON A` swarm. of up-to-ehte dreier .d blouse material. & ! Xl5OO at 6i per cent. wanted:l.2nd mortap for a . Mineral Business in the North. ['coition flied Service Tuition by Correspondence. Well.known OFF SANKEY STREET, Warrington, 2 Storey Ware- ---- • _ R: FoOTHALL GROuND, Wildenpool Caosewny. Remoants.-Hanxber's, 124, Warwick at, Itlencheater. , ~,,,,4 fo, A 21 s i r 4 ti; 0...., Tutor has few vecancies. All ennui. Part fees when young Man.- DAHRON, . tat on ~ pkpl. house with cart entrame, rent El& TT WILL PAY YOU TO TRANSFER VOI:R BUSI i• ceeesful -Write Potits•os Northwood Middlesex. ifILD FALSE TF.ETH WANTED.-Best London Primo , Qpeolal purchase 1000 pairs day & night field glarees,lo 1 Pia in Canada-thpi-osperous land. First mort '-- ' ' ---= ---- --- ' ' 62, DALLAM LANE, rent 4. • 1 NESS TO I'S. WE FINANCE OTHER LENDERS. 11l offered by return.-K IND & C0.,34e Hart stLondon 'l----7 miles range, I.3rd original cost; helium case &strap, 1 gages 8 per cent, remdential property 15 per cent,' ryIIDESWELL GRAMMAR SCHOOL, near ' I&PIERPOP4T STREET, rent 4. pel,:owrk. If your intentions are Honourable this advertisement Vlyr ANTED,oId b. ad-bapbraceletnpures. chills., or cam paid,7/6.-Lst-RANC.4S Southeropton rd., ilampstd. city lots, farm. Full particulars, The Marrager,Dominion , ..L. Street Button.-BOARDERS from 9gns. per term.- AFFI4 14°8.12: I'Vt rouLtel.‘,/s:g" • will appeal to you. V V any other headwork; snopeoinchbeck chairis,bas- ID ELIABLE disintereeted advice on Finance sod of Cen.da Investment Agency,9Biehopegate,London.E.o , Headger, W.G. Boot, M.A., LL.D., D.C.L., F.C.S. •••"'''' ° P £lO repay Ell I £5O repay £55 tope.-E. J. donNsost, 8r...w00d, Ornornbridee. l-It Investmeots. Write confidently (givingoocepa- El EQUINE° CAPITALISTS to form a Limited 1 -- da-ENTLEMAN requireirEedroom end Sittingroom, ~,,,1,..)• with. Pn.O. 111 a...dr., _mind oo•„OloPoi to Mr. NOEL 11 Company to lake over and 'stead a largely- , Ilt k A LTRINCHAM HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS liOnell. carriages, Live -too __ E'...4) . E 22 1 ElOO „ EDO 11.1 neighbourhood a Widnes -Terms end references eII3TON• .8. r.nwa" '", ""n"^.• " • to No. K 234 KEITH & Co., Edinburgh. - CI RIMSBY.-Largem flaking sort in the world. with branch. in S.W. AFRICA. Extemive coon.- , C__llo oo SALE (Leawood shafts) with cushions, booeder!' h°l2. The'f*".4 qu'line*lreffte'lr,risCfenee'lt, Vair leather apron and lampe.-Apply to E. a LYON. £lO loan 3,'- weekly I £5O loan 12/6 weekly VOUrki, '.O tad for Grocery Trace, sae 11-15 vll• Beautiful Clomp and the new spray border tions- Splendid future prospects and bet. ti , and netting tea rs. suns mod e . - - 81 Wig nrd , Ormskl A. £2O „ 5/- weekly I £lOO „ 20f• weekly .1. stroog ..4 eetip ; refer..., mgeir..4,__Bowt, picture postcards. Fieh, Pontoons, Docks, etc, 6 for Profits. Sound and well-paving investment. CAPABLE , Mlle 131, AN DARIEN. 1 i'''--- RICHARDSoN and Son, Ltd., 41 Bridge st., Warrington 5d., 12 for 91., 18 for I. Id. free.-J. W. WOoD, . MANAGEMENT. STRONGLY RECONISIENDED.--; --,,, rsio-- RY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS 1 lAN SALE, Gr.d GOVERNESS CAR, rubber tyres* Every genuine application receive. protest so NV-011:D, VESSEL CLEANER for Marathon.. - " Publisher 5 Lrttletield lane, Grimeby. - . 1,-.1 and lampe, cushions ; a baggeis.-p. Suy7Git, se.. pemonal attention. Cash by post, no re.. Strict.. ROAD, LONDON, S.E. WARRINGTON.- Kindergarten nod Prefers- Poulton rd., Southport. , secrecy guaranteed. milk goes sway; good wages ; misnomer ;no IpoitwARNED is forearmed. You cannot cheat School for Boy.-Prinoipal, MISS DR NG, 31. SEPTON, LTD., milkleg.-Coone, Lodelmm, Chester. ADVERTISER 'sad bird-dim, omit will tell you when to beware. V form a LIMITED COMPANY to take over sod Neat term commencer September 13th. Y condition. Bloderri shape. For quick rale, MISS corrERILL, le Seer, .111, Lower Sloane it., London. Enclose Is. 24. exploit. most valuable, EPOCH-MAKING INVEN- 45 10e. Lamm-Roes, 6 St. Nlary'e rd„Peckham,London. similar, who is fond of Poultry, tic., sod Rural I ' TION. Automatio Water Cloud Finable. Appenten. - - - MANAGERESS, life, with pose capital to commence. State age .d y AWN Mowers ; exceptipal offer ; factory to pur- PATENTED IN ALL PRINCIPAL COUNTRIES. WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH Qelling Off.-Bull-pupoise, Pomerianians, Deerhound 31, CAIRO STREET, •mount at disposal to Rarel,26orenvillePlace,Brighton. .I_4 chimer, half retail prime ; guaranteed machines, t.-7 bitch and Fox-terrier dog.-Srastav, 33, LirPill Full '''red M d I t demonstrate P et' I W eking yOUR BOYS AND GIRLS ? WAktRINGTON. A PPOINTNIENTS, £lOO-E350 1! ! Free Postal adjustable kolves, perfect rennin! ; awarded gold farge'manufaCterin: PROFITS pror:eZ*Tho Ou blYet, Blackburn. .4.1. Course of Lesion. now commencing for Sanitary , medals Int. A.m. Laintion 18.0-1210 ; thousands Genuine. Excellent investment. STRONGLY WECONI-- DO you wish them to take up a Commercial Career? - lespectore, lady Health tor. and School Norm. ' sold, 15a. oomplete-P„ Reason, 1, Trinity Church rd.. MENDED.-PRINCIPALS addreas: HOWARDS, 35 DO you wish them to to the Civil Service ? fIN SALE DOUBI.E.DECKED WAGGONETTE. certificate. ; Liverpool exam (Oct.) ; opso to .11 ; SOO ; Niro.. Lundruf. DERONDA RD., LONDON, 9.1 C. I DO you wish them to enter one of the Proferrions ? es-N 20r3 in hand, spindle rain, entry 21, heroine , auccemes.-Musneets, Seminary Expert .11 04 A IiSOLU rELY F HEE .-Cii I Ninth. g.,0 ver mantels , TIREss EX-ark:6oE, 4, Hornby rd, Centred Dri• tail Is 61 for pair of Handsome Carbon •- - - - - --- - Buttermarket-street, Warringtoo the oldest and snort 1 BOTEsawORTH, York at . Blackpool. . .1-1 Blaokpool.-Wardrobe dealer, good Om e,„ . studies, Ir ovely isolpred Heade, and particulars of Shensi Businesses, etc. . socomeful Maim.. Training and 'Civil Service College pa., for all kind. of left-off clothing ; letters and ce l aboveP. D -0., ART EPOT,2,Ashleigh avenue,Bridprater , ILL PERSONS HAVING-BUSINESSES TO in England. Fees from El 2... per quarter. Ladies and Gentlemen are given a first clam B miner , Machinery . promptly attended to; register office for eervan ts I Tithe • Lsdy ' Knife and Seism's Sharpepr is the ' LE. • adyieed to consult Mr. COWDaLL neceuary to BOILERS 30,50 d MACHINERY, good second-bend. wanted good generals, elm waitresses. I -1 mother is friend and should be inevery home. Price Lgith ,rgi.C.ltika„ire's f , Ed... Goa Pulfleurd Lith ererrtbinE eta... A monied TIISTRICT INFIRMARY, Ashton.muler-Lyne.- fiid. from Ironmonger. &0., or sent free on receipt P.O. d'IN SALE, Chip, Fish, a E Tel 13USINESS i "."°'.BuU"‘" CS !'91.1 C."" ,f". 399 , JOHN STRINGER AND Soh (Dept. 41) Blackburn. P° - - ; •II • good position when ethment. Fees from Lila. per ,- - .1/ WARD MAID, wanted et once, strong capable 9d. by Manor Works. Albert rd, Aston, Birmingham. 1.-/ health mom of le:ning.-40, STATION RD., quarter. Tuition is given in all subjects for all brsoches 1 I\l' ON-CONDUCT ING COMPOSITION Girl as Ward Maid, ured to Institutions ; salary £l6 11 eby Carriagen-Curonati on offer. Roomy conch-' Wesham, Kirkham. and uniform; must be well recernmended.-Apply to .I.Jf built basemettes wired tyre. ; London revenible I .. MATERN. with references. 00 hood ; cao,py frame ; rug, 39,6. 1 latest designs tell- lON SALE, Higlialps SERVANTS REGISTRY; olp Railways, eto. Under our methods of tuitiononmosestal Radiation of Heat from Steam .Boilen, Piping, But , -• hmring tessinettes : pinheads 50 per cent. reduction. established • good connection • Liverpool main .."..i..• Water Circulating Boilers end Pipes, and all limited NATIONAL TEA CO Approval oarriage psid. At catalogue free.-Dept A., street.- Wrin 52, ALDERSON RD., I:Iverpool. Upen from 10 to 9. Call Any Day, Any Hour. Surfaces. We quote for Covering the above with • 9 r lion kin Behicertieee Co, 197 Corporation et B'eninghani £l2 n Heirdressing (lid-3d) Tobacco, Umbrellm, E. SMART & co., Mageesia,Silicste Cotton ,ilal rEI t,and ourComposi t ion WOK SALE, exceedingly nice Cpntry Hope in I C.omposition Supplied in Casks Ready for Application TOUR OPPORTUNI TY v, Fancy, commpding position Bristol (rare ' BUTTERNIA REET STREET, WARRINGTON 111. HORSENTARKET ST., WARRINGTON. 1' Somerset, six rooms. -Apply Box ,1.92, c!re . ' ENIERY AND EVANS, SHARROW & THATGHER. 34 Ilan et., London W C Against perspiring feet, chafing in riding or welkin. ' opportunity ladles' bead), Shop and 9 rooms, rent E 25, -- , Catherine st, Stranpways, Manchester. ' " _ burning of the run, corn ache, hemorrhoids, ca. bargain-LAWRENCE. 43, _Bridge st, Bristol. - - - 'Very cheap to Immediate purchaser, Bunplow Resid- Mains, En, use the famous E. Gerlach's - I (-ILO-ESTABLISHED Wised Business, Billiard , Cycles, Motor Oars, etc. PATENTS . one, 3 acres of paddock & gardens, filtrated 750 feet PRESERVATIVE CREAM. oi-F Room attached, 2 good tables; will sell for RICO I ZEI GENTS' BICYCLE, _W Ine Wheel, Brakes etc above ses.level and , 1 mile station village, 8 Folk...tomSi.. ; Si. 1882 used in the whole German Army. 35 all ; bargain if taken at once; good reasons for idi Good bargaim-17, LVD ST.. Warrington. t, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. 300 guinees.-LANOIIi no., Pitts Wood,Toobridge. highest Award. Sold by all Cb m Is Stores, leaving. Inetroctions given.-677, HALIPAtc RD~ . Barbers, &c., in tine at 4d., 6,1„ le. Rochdale. I -- - OAIILTONETTES, A WONDERFUL OFFER. • ri-IREENOITUSCERT" EWHIsi, eetabliehed over 20i THE SPEEDIEST CURE for Wind, Heartburn, 1 Album oontaining II photo. of the Royal House or .ur ESITAIBLISHaD IN 1835. seam 'skin. un to 425 I ' week y ; num street, MIMI', Indigent/on, Ste , EVER ADVERTISED, London Views to the first 1000 orders from 2.. upward. ,„,,,t to.. i• . •-b t.,n4 I RE LOAM, Ketterhm old dbry, for Caresdlose 1 c ear ,OM r 0, good hourie,businees taught ; : SELN-HELP NEW To PATENT LAW. Paics6o. ii. 24. r.O.peebes post free.-CARLTON & CO. 143„ H (2d. extra for postage) send direct to THE LoNDON A • tan • truck load. delivered ' MA rd.,LY, London. S.E. Co., BERLIN TRADING CO., Bloomsbury !loom, London,W.u. u/ id b (... f „ genuine offer E60.-7i, Tarnworth et, Strettord"rd., muubire uud g. L,,,,,,,,.....y. ~,, pia ,D, Nottinbs. COLONIAL FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. ne, . pc ester. r rom Market-street. ,

Domestic Servants etc.

- Shi

Houses, Land on Bali

IR IN TIN G. Cheap Artist ic,Ettimstes fres.-SoCaLow & Co., 88, Pleat et., London

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR

GOOD TEA.

prtce

PRICES 2/2, 2,'4, 2/6 and 2/8 pm lb.

Agriculture.

Tui

===== 0002601_19110701_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Ectuoation•

ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS.

The Cheques given with the Tea may to exchanged any day for Iloueehold Goods Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent.

lILAD E6TABLISITIgMr

50, and 151, Frlariats, rreatos.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19110701_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SAYURDAY, JULY 1 1•11.

The short truce of THE Coronation week was LANSDOWNE scarcely over before AMENDMENT. political controversy

was revived in its acutest form. The official Opposition amend- ment to the Parliament Bill, which was tabled by Lord LANSDOWNE on Monday, is al remarkable production when it is considered that, by passing without a division the second Reading of the Bill, the House of Lords had nominally accepted it in principle. If the amendment is to be regarded as embodying the real intentions of the House of Lords, it is obvious that they are totally and irreconcilably opposed to the principle that the House of Commons should have the last word in legislation, although that principle has been endorsed by the .electors at two successive General Elections.

The amendment limits the operation of the Bill to such an extent that it would leave the House of Commons, if anything, more under lhe thumb of the hereditary Chamber than at present. It would exclude from the opera- tion of the Bill (a) any measure affecting the existence of the Crown or the Protestant Succession ; (b) any measure establishing a National Parliament, Assembly, or Council, with legislative powers, in Ireland, Scotland, Wales or England ; (c) any measure which the House of Lords takes exception to, if a Joint Committee decide that it " raises an issue of great gravity, upon which the judg- ment of the country has not been sufficiently ascertained." Such a measure would have to be referred to the electors" in manner to be , hereafter provided by an Act of Parliament." The constitution which is contemplated for •the Joint Committee in Lord LANSDOWNE'S Amendment is indicated in another amend- -ment, fathered by the Earl of CROMER. It would consist of seven Peers, chosen by the Lord CHANCELLOR, and seven members of the House of Commons, chosen by the SPEAKER, while the SPEAKER, with only a .casting vote, would preside.

_ . If Lord LANSDOWNE has any sense of humour one can well imagine him chuckling at the obstacle race which he has designed for Liberal legislation. He proposes that, before the Parliament Bill could come into Operation, two more constitutional measures must be passed, one creating a Joint Committee to which the Lords can refer any measures they think fit; another setting up a referendum. Then, when an important Bill has been passed through the House of Commons after exhaustive discussion, the Lords will have the option of sending it for trial before a Joint Committee, fifty per cent. of which will be drawn from their own body. That is, unless it proposes to relieve the con- gestion of Parliamentary business by devolution, in which case they will proceed to pass sentence on it "without the option." But with all other measures the Lords will be at liberty to hale them before this novel, Peer-packed tribunal, and the tribunal will be at liberty to order the Bill to be "referred" to the electors, with the result, of course, if the referendum is unfavourable, that the Government would practically be forced to resign. Thus, the Lords are once more, though in a roundabout fashion, putting forward their innovating claim to turn out a Government at their discretion, the very claim which produced the demand asserted by the people at two General Elections, for drastic limitation of the powers of the House of Lords. Once again, therefore, we are back at the same point—that all this talk about Reform does not mean zeal for Reform but hostility to the Parliament Bill. That is intelligible enough, but it is idle to mask that objection I by pretending that Mr. Asourrit ought now to propound proposals for Reform. The vital difference between the two parties is con- cerned with the powers of the Second Chamber, and the misfortune for the Unionist party is that the Liberal plan has been submitted to the country and approved by it. That is why the Parliament Bill must—and will—become law.

Tariff Reformers often OUR 'ORE-SIDED state that Cobden FREE TRADE." "based his whole argu-.

ment " for Free Trit..a.t; on the expectation that if we adopted it other countries would very soon follow our example. This is grossly incorrect. It is true Cobden's belief in the irresistible logic of Free Trade was so profound that he declared that other nations would speedily -follow our example. But at Aberdeen, in January, 1844, dealing with the then current argument of Protectionists that England must not adopt Free Trade unless and until other countries adopted it, he said : "The greater the restrictions in other countries, the more necessity was there for Free Trade in this." Peel said-the same thing "The best way to fight hostile tariffs is by Free Trade." The attempt to find in Cobden an authority for adoptim; Tariff Reform thus falls to the ground. But the Tariff Reformer uses the same argument when he asserts, either in appealing to Cobden or sneering at him, that " one-sided Free Trade" as he calls it, is a mistaken policy. " Protection all round" one gathers from this admis-

sion, is a very bad alternative, but to remain a Free Trade country in a Protectionist world is, it is added, suicidal. In order to fit this theory into the facts of our rapid progress after 1860 it has to be allowed that it has not always been suicidal. "For something like 25 or3o years after Free Tra6e was preached and adopted, there is no doubt whatsoever in my mind," said Mr. Chamberlain at Greenock (October 17th, 1903)" that it was a good policy for this country." Exactly when or why it became a bad policy does not appear. Nevertheless, one-sided Free Trade is now asserted to be dangerous, as well as ludicrous. When asked why, the Tariff Reformer draws a vivid picture of the Tariff walls round other countries, growing steadily higher and higher, restricting our markets more and more, until, if we are not careful, the time will come when our export trade will have been killed right off. What, on his own show- ing, there is to be alarmed at in this is not clear, since the process of killing off exports would also kill off imports, a thing he claims to be most anxious to do. As, however, the plain fact is that, notwithstanding the hostile tariffs of the world, our exports go up by leaps and bounds, there is evidently something very advantageous in our " one- sided " Free Trade.

The remarkably cordial MR. CROSFIELD'S welcome accorded to BUSY WEEK. Mr. A. H. Crosfield on Coronation Day when he appeared in the front rank of the civic procession was the subject of general com- ment in the town. Mr.Crosfield was naturally delighted with the warmth of the greeting from his old friends and constituents, and was afterwards heard toexpress his gratitude to those who treat "an unhorsed knight" —as he quaintly described himself—with such great kindness. In a way,Mr. Crosfield's welcome here was a fitting reward for the sacrifices he had made to take part in the celebrations at Warrington. On the eve of the Coronation Mr. and Mrs. Crosfield were present at the distinguished reception given by Lord and Lady Derby at Derby House, and Mr. Crosfield had to hurry away to catch the night train north. On Sunday Mr. end Mrs. Crosfield attended the " At Home" given by Mr. and Mrs. Rothschild at Gunners- bury Park,and later in the week were present at an important meeting of the British Section of the International Association for Labour Legislation, which was presided over by Colonel Seeley, and addressed by the Prime Minister of Australia, Sir John Finlay of New Zealand, and Mr. Ramsoy Macdonald, M.P. Last evening Mr. and Mrs. Crosfield were dining with Prince Albert of Schleswig- Holstein at a party given in his honour by Lady St. Helier. The Prince is Hon. President of the Swiss and Central Europe Golf Association, of which Mr. Crosfield is the Acting President. The Association is one which does a great deal to bring people of different nationalities into contact, helps to break down racial prejudices, and forwards considerably the cau-, of sane Inter- , nationalism.

One of the best cartoons which have appeared from the pen of " F.C.G." for some time was published on Wednesday. It depicts the shade of Lord Salisbury standing on the brink of an abyss and warning back the 'impetuous martial form of /Lord Lansdowne, who bears the sword of Veto in his right hand. Beneath the drawing is the following significant dialogue: The Spirit of Lord Salisbury: "Whither, my lord? Lord Lansdowne: I go to throw myself into the breach!

The Spirit: Beware! This is a gulf, not breach!

Preaching at Black-burn on Sunday, the Hey. Silas K. Hocking made some interesting references to present-day greed and discon- tentedness. There was, he said, no place in England where they could see so many dis- contented faces as in Hyde Park on a summer's afternoon. If they went there they would see people driving in their splendid carriages and motor Cars. Some of them would be dukes, earls, knights, etc. Here they would see, not the poor people,but the idle people, who had the word discon- tentedness written on their faces. He (the speaker) had studied their faces time after time, and he had been always depressed with the number of discontented faces. The happiest people in the world were those whose lives were spent in some useful employment. • • _ _

In the course of an important and sugges- tive report on various phases of local elementary education, Mr. .1. Moore Murray (director of education) alluded to the present day tendency for indulgence in pleasure as greatly affecting the work in the schools. There can be little doubt that the springing up of picture palaces and other cheap entertainment houses must have an ' effect on the capacity and inclination of the rising generation for day school work. Mr. Murray suggests the re-introduction of home-work as a counter- move, and it will be interesting to see how the proposal is received. There are strong arguments, educationally, for giving the scholars some home task which will carry forward the teaching of the daytime without being a burden to young minds; and further- more it has become necessary that " the craze for pleasure' should receive the serious attention of all who are concerned in the training of the _ youth of the town.

We are indebted to 'Mary Lady Gerard for a very entertaining account of the Coronation given at a gathering at Garswood Hall on Saturday night. She started at 6.30 a.m., and took two hours to drive a mile, the distance of her house from the Abbey. " When I got near the Abbey it was nearly nine o'clock, the time appointed for closing the doors, and I did not know what to do. I thought that, perhaps, like one &the foolish virgins, I should be left out. However, a friendly policeman told me I had better get out of my carriage, and in my heavy robes I walked about 100 yards into the Abbey. I did not get a very good place ; I am not a ducness—only a baroness—and I got put up rather high in the transept." She did not get home again until 6 p.m., having break- fasted at 4.30 a.m.

• • Her Ladyship then went on to say: We all illuminated our houses, because there is one thing a London crowd never forget., and if you do not illuminate your house on a great occasion like this they sill break your windows. They like to have a show or some- thing to amuse them. The crowds were grand. I movcd among them, and I scarcely saw a man who was the woree for liquor. Aid I must pay my ttibute to the London police. They performed their duties in • moat marvell,us manner under very trying conditions. The lady does herself an injustice, we are' sure, in suggesting that she illuminated her house to save her windows. Her fears are out-of-date, though it is true that once upon a time she would have been quite justified in fearing the crowd's resentment at an unilluminated house. The " Westminster Gazette" recalls the case of a Constable of Westminster who was out of town when a quite unimportant British victory was being celebrated, and who came back to find his house burnt down by an indignant mob.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

"Very voluntnious" was the description applied to the minutes of a certain committee by one of our local legislators at a meeting this week. 1,51.

It is estimated that the American con- sumers pay to the sugar refiners in the United States about 100,000,000 dollars lannually as tariff profits.

Old Loyalist (who has allowed the" staff" to go to the procession to see the King and Queen).—" Well, I hope you saw them well, Mary ? " "Yes, thank you, mum, they looked lovely. The one from our street 'ad on a new tunic and 'is medal all shined up.' Punch. _ .

Three features of tlie Coronation celebra- tions in Warrington have been a credit to the organisers—viz., the treats to the old folks, the Workhouse inmates, and the cripples. The various participants—whose opportunities for enjoyment are so limited— spent a delightful time amidst fresh and agreeable surroundings.

Mr. Lloyd George,-addressing a Wesleyan congregation in London, on Sunday, said religion must be the inspiration of states- manship. The mistake the Labour party were making was in thinking they would win reform through the people who suffered only, but no reform was ever obtained except by the help of those who profited nothing, and even those who lost personally.

• The tramways manager (Mr. J. Telfer) has presented a report on the renewal of plant, in which he mentions the re-laying of the track as the most serious item, and the one for which special provision will have to be made. Mr. Telfer estimates that the cost of providing new rails &c. and re-laying the I track, will work out at £3,000 per mile of single track. This means that £2OO a year per mile on eight miles of track should be added to the renewal fund—a total ot £1,600 per year. • •

The suggestion has been made that there will be a reluctance to create Peers for the purpose of carrying the Parliament Bill owing to the recent Coronation creations. History, however, does not support this supposition. William IV. was crowned at Westminster on September 8, 1831, the Reform Bill being passed in the House of Commons on September 11. On October 7 it was rejected in the House of Lords on the second reading by a majority of forty-nine. The Government were not deterred by the fact that the Coronation was so recent from taking such steps as placed the Reform Bill on the Statute Book. o o Lord Carrington, the Minister of Agricul- ture, is never tired of addressing words of counsel and encouragement to small holders of agricultural land. Experience has shown, he says, that if they go about their work in the right way they can make a decent living on five or six acres. By adopting intensive methods of growing the hest paying crops they have a chance of securing a return of £lO or £l5 an acre. The demand for the produce they supply is growing every day, and if the Englishman does not meet it the foreigner will.

• • Cremation still makss but slow progress, Ithe vast majority of people preferring the older modes of burial. The " Hospital" says that though the practice of cremation seems destined to increase extensively, both from its hygienic advantages and from the con- tinual and unsatisfied demands in every urban centre for new places of burial, it is surprising to find that in the United Kingdom last year there were only 840 cremations. lOur contemporary thinks that if one example were set in the matter of Royal obsequies it might be followed and cremation come into greater favour.

LOCAL PARS.

N.,--'\.,-.k_;

Progressive Labour League. An open-air meeting under the auspicet of this Leagne sill he he'd at Bridge Font on Monday even- ing. Mr. J. Jarman will preside and the speaker will be Councillor James Kendall, of MaLchsster. Another Coronation Tree. Ills Worship the Mayor ;Councillor Dr. Joseph) planttd en elm tree on the lawn at the rear of the Town Hall on Monday afternoon. It is situated within a few yards of the tree planted on Coronation tray by the Mayoress.

The Gslld of Help. In cnnnection with the Guild of Help several garden ; parties are being held, to which the Ilelpers attached to the various Groups of District Committees are being invited. These are to take place on Saturdays dating July. Mrs. F. W. Monk, is sending invita- tion, to Group 11 for lot Jot,; Mrs. Hansom, and Mrs. Venn aie entertaining rinvip C at "Shirley," Hill Cliffe, on the Sth inst. ; and Mrs. W. N. Hutchings is asking the Helper. of Group A to visit Frodsham on the 29th inst.

Palace and Hippodrome. A return oieit inil be aid to this popular place of amusement next week by Florrie Fold, described as the world's g,e.itest chorus singer, who established herself. favourite on her last visit to the town. The programme also includes: Mike Cray. eccentric comedy juggler end his dog "Dooley " : the Fimans, in their successful comedy arena "The fire station"; Nomh Stockelle, comodienne ; John Henry, the popular basso voca'.ist ; and the Sylvester Trio, in a drawing room rehearsal, introducing vocalism and speciality dancing.

CORRUGATED SHEETS. Wire Netting, Roofing Felt Estimate. Free.—J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge Warrington.—Advr.

ORtlcal Sclesce.:-Me. Jackson boss's Success.

'Mr. R. Jackson Moss, of 25, London-road, Stockton Heath, who bee for some years practised with much success as a night-testing optician, has recently gained a London Degree in the Science of Optics. Baying sat for damnation last May, in the University of I,ndon, by the British Optical Association, and being succeeef al in every branch of the examination, Mr. Mona is now entitled to nee the initials. D.8.0.A. which signify " Dioptric British Optical Associate." The " Dioptric " is a higher grade of the examination, and is an excellent qualification in the science of eight-testing.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGH-CLASS TAILORING AT POPULAR PRICES. TWO VERY SPECIAL LINES IN NEWEST SUITING&

===== 0002601_19110701_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
42/- Aso 50/-

SEE WINDOWS. IL S. PAGE AND CO.,

74, SANKEY ST., (Leon Sr. Conn), WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19110701_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
The Seamen s Strike

The chip " Truma," belonging to Megan.. ScoU and Co of Manchester, artived at Walton lAy•by, ou Thursidey evening with a consignment of white wood from Riga for \team,. R A. Naylor Limited, timber merchant., Howley. In the ordinary course of events the vessel would have been unloaded yesterday, and Messrs. Naylor's men were willing to undertake the work. hat to avoid any risk of trouble ftom other members of the Seamen. Union, the firm deemed it inadvimble that the unloading should proceed in the present acute state of affairs.

Mem Peter Walker led ha cad their Employees. Peter Walker and S a (Warrington and Burton), Limited, have decided to abandon their trip for this sear. The men had no toliday on Coronation Day or Walking Day, and as trade is improvirg no further time .can be spared, and the Managing Director fCtreniel Reid Walker) decided to allow each man half-amovereigoand each boy and girl in the employ of the firm five shillings. This money was paid yeller- -?a y with the weekly wages in new coin. Further to have the employes are given a holiday to-day in lien of Coronation Day last week when they were ooduty. Taws's, Croquet, Cricket smi other outdoor games.— .1. W. GA IILAND, 51 to 55,Bridge at, Warringtom—Advt. Warrinitton Agricultural Society.

The t;enty.l.4ond ennnal show -7f -dm Warrington sad District Agticultural Boni ty will be held in Walton Paik, on Thursday, August 17th. Prizes, cops, hc, are offered to the value of about :UlO. There ere classes for shires, bunters, hackneys, harne s horses, jumpers, tradesmen's or tenant formers' turnouts cattle, pigs, and butter. Entry forms and all particulars may be obtained from Mr. J. Bainbridge, Walton House. It should be noted that the society's dittrict on the Cheshire side of Warrington tow extends to sixteen miles from Market-gate. The, part of Cheshire lying east of the railway from Brosdheath to Manchester, and north of the railway from Bros:heath to Storkpost, isexcluded. 1 he society's radius on the luncashire aide is twelve miles from Market-gate, Warrrington. Entries close on August Bth. BABY CARRIAG 88, ApBCIAI VANS at 89f-, Go-oarts from 10 6.—J. S. GARLAND, 5i LO 55, Bridge M., War- rieglon.—Advt.

St. Alban's Children at the Coronation Pictures. On Thureday afternoon the managers of St. Alban's Catholic echools took the children of the mixed school with the ir teachers to the Picturedrome in Sankey-street to see the Cg.onation pictures. Between three end for hundred were present. The children enjoyed the very beautiful programme immensely, and were most enthusiastic. When, how- ever, the Coronation processi n came on the canvas and especially when tbe Royal carriage, drawn by the famous eight her.eie, appeared in the distatee, the children epontaneously cheered to the echo. When at the end King Co ergs was thrown on the canvas, the children roes in S body, saluted, and then sang three verses of " God Save the King." Their sing- ing and neat anti clean appearance were much praised by a large audience is the reserved sews. Local Official's Marriage.

The marriage was solemnized at St. Paul's Church lon Thursday of Me Richard Partridge (assistant clerk iu the Clerk's department of the Warrington Union), eldest *on of Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Partridge, of Plymouth, and Mies Hilda Lilian Smith, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. It. Smith, of Bedford. The Nev. E. E. Peters officiated. The bride, who was Owes away by her mother, was charmingly attired in a dress of Hungarian blue crepe-de-chine, beautifully braided, with white tagel hat handsomely trimmed with inherit. Mr. H. Gerrard Lunn, barrister-at-law, of the Salop County Council, discharged the ditties of best man. At the invitation of Mr. Arthur Bottornley, Clek to the Union,the wedding party met the staff of the Clerk's offices at lunch at the Winmaileigh Cafe aftlr the ee.emony. Later the newly married couple left for Buxton, where the honeymoon is being spent, the bride travelling in a tailor made navy coat and skirt, with black picture bat.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Padgett Children's Coronation Treat.

The junior scholar, at the Padgate Cott tge Home., to the number of between fifty and silty, had an enjoyable Coronation treat on Thursday, when they wore taken for • drive to Frodsham. The party left in time brakes at 11) cm. and on arriving at the gular raral resort spent • very pleasant time am., donkey rides and sports. The Guardians rent were Mr. W. C. Brooks and Mr. J. A: Thursday next the The whoor le scholars the wilihhavv°eriha. triOpnto children participated in tbe treat at Padgate on Cor nation Day and after the full programme lasting mdil late in the evening, it was not deemed advisable for them to tern out for the Warrington Walking Day procession neat morning. On Saturday the scholars went to klartinscruft where more Coronation festivities mere held.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
N.U.O. Free Gardeners Friendly Society, loss Rose Lodge No. 1099.

We regret to announce the death on Thursday or Bro. lames Budge, smut., at the age of 74 yea: s. He was the instigator of the above Lodge being formed in IS7I, and was initiated a member in the same year, thus completing a term of 40 years membership. He was an ardent worker and alway• exercised great care in the selection of members. Ile passed through all the offices of his Lodge and district, and discharged bit dutir a in a moat able and eflieient wooer for upwards of 40 years. For his services he was male the recipient of • 1;A-rimmed pair of spectacles and Past Officer's Certificate. De has bed a trusteeship for 70 years, and retained it tip till the time of his deeds Bro. Budge was also a delegate to the A from which he brought acme valuable information for the branch's of the District. It can be honestly said that Ile gave the District and 10-Ige of hi. beat and took great pride in the Order. Ile leaves a widow, with whom much sympathy is expressed in her sad bereavement.

GARDEN FURNITCRE.—TcoIs from Hammock Chairs, /to. Inspection invited—J. S. Ciaacaxo, roomooger, Bridge st., W.tria gton.—Advt.

Co-operatlve Society's Trips.

The third annual excursion of the members of the ('n-operative Society took place last week-end, when about 230 journeyed to Lane, Ireland. I easing Warrington about 11.20 p.m. on Friday, the piety ; proceeded by train to Stranraar, Scotland, whence they took boat (Prince's Maud) to Larne harbour, arriving about 8.3 d on Siturday morning. Breakfast lime served at Lune Hotel and then the party divided, half proceeding by train and half try motor to IGlenrith. After partaking of lunch and viewing the glens the return journey to Larne was commenced this place being reached about G o'clock. Here an excellent dinner bail leen arranged for, and afrer baring done full justice ta this the rest ,f the time wan apent in viewing lime. The return journey WOO commenced at 7.15 Warringten being reached about 4 20 a.m. on Sunday, after a most eniriyable trip. The weather was all that could he desired. although a little rough on the homeward passage—The emp!oyees' annual excursion took place on 1 Intraday when • rialt wall paid to Blackpool, the party numbering about 2:11 A start was made at 12.3.1, Blackpool being reached at 1.45. Owing to the inclement weather the indoor amuse- ments were chiefly patronised. The return journey commenced at 9.40, Warrington being reached at 11.5.

MOTOR CARS for hire by the day or S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge et., Warriogton.--Adrt.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Diocesan Ilissionars Festival.

A missionary feetival in connection with the Liverpol Diocesan Board of Mis..ione will be held at , Warr.ngton on Thursday next. At 730 a.m. there will be celebrationn et the Holy Communion at the 1 Pari-h Church and other churches. A service will be held at the Parish Church at 12 noon, when the preacher will be the Rey. J. 0. F Murray, D.l). (Master of the Selwyn College, Cambridge.) At 2.30 p.m. n conference will be held in the Assembly ROOlO, Sankey-street, when the subject for dilcussion will be 'What is a Laymen's View of Missions Abroad ? " The Rev. Canon Willis will preside and the speakers will he. Colonel A. J. Kelly (commanding Liverpool Brigade West Lancashire Territorial.) and Mr. 'I% R. W. Lust, secretary of the Educational Commit'ee, C.M.S. At 5.30 pm. there will be 'young people's meeting at the Parr Hall, presided over by the Mayor ,of Warringtoa. Addresses will be .given by the Rev. 11. G. Peile, secretary of the h lag's Moreengers. S P. 0., and the Rev. 11. A. Rayne.. Home Stiperin- leodent of the British and Foreign Bible Society. The • dayeproeeedings will close with a public meeting at the Parr Hall at 7.30. A !derma.) R. Dart, of Liver- pool will preside and the a probers will be the Lord !bebop of Falkland lalandsand the Lord Bishop of Perth (Western Australia).

===== 0002601_19110701_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM WORKHOUSE TO MANSION. WORKHOUSE INMATES AT ARLEY PARK.

Credit for the day's arrangements - which worked without the slightest hitch—is due to the chief mandud (Mr. Awbery, the master), who was ably assisted by a special committee consisting of Mr. W. C. BCOGIVI (chairman), Miss Broadbent, Mr. A. J. Jolley, find Mr. .1. A. Itualwvorth—all members of the Board. Valuable assistance was also given by the Matron (Mrs. Awbery), Mr. G. A. Allen. Mn, W. Forum and Mr. J. A. Hogbes (members of A Memerabie Day the Board), the sleff, Mr. Alfred Jolley fa former member of the Board), and the Rev. W. Bractesaik, Bright and festive was the acne in the grounds of the chaplain. the Warrington Workhouse on Tuesday morning SPEECHES AT THE DINNER. when the inmates net out for their Coronation trip to The Guardians. officials and waiters est down le Arley. In striking contrast to the semi-Arctic con- dinner at Alley after the wants of the inmates had ditions of the previous day, the tun shone cheerfully been attended to. Mr. A. J. Jolley presided and pro- from a blue sky flecked with fleecy clouillets, and posed the health of "The King," which was loyally there was Plat sufficient breeze to stir the flags and received, and al;o of " The I.sdies," Mr. Jolley bunting which gore a tj pica' Coronation touch remarking that the ladies ruled even King., to the building. An imposing array of sixteen (Li bier). 'buses and brakes was drawn up in the drive. Me Broadbent responded and sail it had lasers and inmates of all agea—eome of them tiny dated that the suffragettis had destroyed chivalry,but children, others bent and wrinkled veterans—were she loped that was not so. (laughter and applaure), busy mounting to their places on the vehicles. For Mr. B. Shearer, in propos.ng the health of " The the time being thoughts of trouble and poverty were Guardiana," mid they were giv rig the poor a mast bani-hed and everybody was occupied with pleasant enjoyable treat. The officers were also basing a very anticipations of a chive through charming Cheshire. enjoyable day and they wi-died the Guardiane long It van indeed a happy thought which prompted tie life and prosperity. li Voice "May they bring as popular muter (Mr. J. F. Awberyi to suggest this here oftener original method of celebrating the Coronation. In The Chairman called upon Mr. Allen, the junior these warm summer days, sumptuous feasting sutton Guardian present, ti respond and that gentleman did the walls of the institution—however enjoyable in so very briefly. itself —would have presented a lees inviting prospect Mr. Ittrneas pointed out that the Guardians wers than • day in the country, revelling in the fresh air largely indebted for the soiontliness and harmonious. and all the delights of rural scenery. Ever since the sees of that uniipte trip to Mr A wbery and hie sub- trip Wig decided upon, the inmates bad locked committee. Ito 'o'- oil Mr. 1•1 hr ry's health.

A.,:,, :::,*:, ~--.16„ ... . . , , t 0... ---!..- . .. . ...... TA . , . . . . . . 144 . . . . . . - .... , r, , . i.,,, ... .... . ...a...4 .::. 4 Ihr . .... k.,. . . . , .... , , ,

===== 0002601_19110701_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Photo AT PEACE WITH THE WORLD—AND THE WORKHOUSE!

forwarl t Tuesday with the utmost eagerness, end thanks to the beautiful weather and to the unselfish efforternt forth 1 it their entertainment, they will ever retain yful recollrctior sof the Coronation of King George V. which rovided them with such a memorable outing. At half-past ten all were ready to begin the j.iurney. The band of the Padget, Cottage Homes, discoursing patriotic selotions, took the lead and, to the accompaniment of cheers from the delighted passengers, the precession of vehicles slowly moved out of the grounds. Guardian-street was in a state of great excitement, all the inhabitants who could aS. rd the time—and most of them apparently could—having turned out to witness the departure. As the pro- cession passed through the rosin streets townspeople gazed in wonderment at the unusual spectacle, but core inure disposed to grudge the trippers this day's respiw from " the trivial tourd, the common task." Soon the town was left behind and as the green and leafy lanes of Cheshi•e unfolded themselves, the pleasure of thu inmates was strikingly mini. feet. The route chores did not take the familiar course of Grappenhall-road and lamb Brook, a detour being made by way of Stretton, thence to Appleton Thorn and Arley. The peaceful village nestling arnong-t the trees was looking its best and the inhabitants turned out to welcome the visitors. Through the d induces of Colonel Pier. Eget: tin Warbu.ton, the lovely grounds of Arley Ball had been thrown open to them and reedless to toy the privilege was highly appreciated. The stately ancestral hall, picturesq, ly overgrown with ivy,came in for a great deal of admiration, and it was pleasant to ramble ab int the terraces and the 'mil- t ept grounds, a unique feature being the original devices into which the hedges have been trimmed. Under the conrtei Us guidance of Mr. Smith, the head gardener, a small party was enabled to inspect .he beautiful chapel and the specious dining room. With appetites whetted by the drive, the trippers were in the best f form for dinner which was served in the riding scLool. The task of attending to the wants of 570 men, women and childr was not a light one, but, with a large band of willing helpers, it was expeditiously accomplished. The repast took the f. rm of cold lamb, salad and brand and-butter, with an allowance of beer or mineral waters, as the inmates.

Photo Tonge. THREE-LEGGED LADIES RACE (No reflection on the Ladies).

preferred. The catering of Mr. S. J. Woodcock, of Grappenhall, gave complete satisfaction. Dinner over, an adjournment was made to a large field delightfully situated and sloping down to the placid waters of the Men. A most interesting and varied programme of sport. had been arranged and it wa, entered into with thorough zest by. inmates and officers. There were races for all and in every case the struggle f r supremacy was keen—the inmate, in particular straining every nerve to bee, me posaessors of the prizes kindly given by Mr. Awbery. Many of the contests were of a very laughable description, and it was goad to see the burly master tiding on the bread back of the resident medical officer in shot woe designated • " horde race." It was not to be wondered at that "horse"and rider made a somewhat unceremonious deacent before reaching the tape, but neither was the worse for the experience. Ike, the genial chaplain (Rev. W. Braoecamp) showed, his Ilsetnesa of foot in a list me of which, however, he did not prove the winner, and the spectators nest derived great amusement from the "three legged" race. There were sports for all classes of inmates, and even venerable dames of seventy were prevailed upon to forsake the solace of clay" pipes for • few moments in order to try their for tams In a race. .

The hour fixed for the commencement of the return jaurney-5.3,1—.11116 all too soon. The weather throughout the afternoon had been perfect, but as the visitors were about to leave the old-world village. • few spota of rain fell. However, them, quickly be Ite thrt ugh spin, and the drive home by way of Appleton Thorn and Stockton Heath was accomplished under the same pleasant ecndit ions as the outward journey. A tour of the main streets of Warrington concluded as outing which will never kw forgotten by those who hod the good butane to participate is it.

"onge.

The Rev. W. Brseecemp The milliosaire lumber of the committee. (Laughter). . . .

Mr. Furness It is nut often we have the pleasure of listening to • millionaire. CM eel tughter.) In response Mr. Awbery said 61 was very plaesed that trip had been orgtnized end aleo that it had bees favoured with fine weather, equ-cielly after the experience of the previous day, which was so. very pi oinisiog. All the •rrangements f the treat hati passed off most harmoniously. There were two necessary evils in the Workhouse —the Medical Officer and the Chsplsin. 11..ughter.) One had to certify when they had finished with this imolai itfe and the other had to put the "top hat "upon them. (laughter.) Ile asked the conlyany to di inn to the health et two of dos best officials of tine Union. (Applanss). ' . .

The toast was recces(' with wasies'lrhonou:s.

The Rev. W. Bracecamp in re.panse, said he tiled to do his duty and be appreciated their kindneas vers much indeed. He hal been thinking that if Warring- ton had catrieel out ex :ctly what the Board of Guardians had carried out, th-y would have had • better t3oronat;on Day. He was sure the intuit's wonld &brays look hack upon that day an a red letter day in their lives. It sras •splendll lies to bring them out to Arley and he appnciated the hiodoem of the Guardians very much. He wished ts melte a suggestion, and that was that the Guardians should finish off the celebrations of the Coronation by having the telephone alt tched to his house again. (Langhter ' and applause). The previous night he got a message to attend a sick tarson later than he ought to have received it end he could have been at the bedside earlier if he could bare bad a telephone mtrotagee Dr. Taylor also responded. Mr. Ilushworth proposed the health of Mrs. Awhery and said she hal a great family ii look after and a portion of it-700 men, women and children —was with them that day. Their appearance splits well for the care which was taken of them (Applause.) Mrs Avrbery suitably expressed her thanks for the compliment which hal been pail to her. Mr. Ardiery (MO the health of the staff, of whom he spoke in eulogi air terms. Toe Chairinan said be could honestly say that of all the Workhouses he had known, be had never ',en one better adm;h;ntertil than their own. The success at the odm'aist,ation was due io part to the Master 1 and the Matron att chief officers and to the loyal and admirable spirit in which all thp c fhcare performed their 3.u. lee. , , -

Mr. Constable respond/J. The Chairman submitted the health of Colonel Tiers Egerton Warburton by whose court/my tbey were *We to inert in those beautiful rouncto. Mr. Smith, the head gardener. responded. Mr. Awbery. I wish to express toy thanks to Mr. Smith for hit great kindness, lie has born very belpfu,, CONCERT AT TgE WORM:IOI7SE.

On returning to the Workhouse the inmates partook of tea and afterwards a coacert was gives by Mr. Kilduff's minttrel troupe, all the items being greatly appreciated. The chief ai tistes were - Johnson (interlocutor), Mr W Kilduff ; Kimo, Mr E Taylor ; Donee, Mr II Scarishrick ; Samho, Mr W Sutton; Prte, Mr J New...; Midget., Masters J Macdonald , and Demme ; White, M U Davenport; Ned, Mr J Gatley; Fonso, Mr Waile (pianist).

It'll%

===== 0002601_19110701_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
LAWN TENNIS.

Mrs. Crostield in the MI England Championships.

Mrs. A. H Crotfield, who has won fame as an xponent of lawn tennis both in England and abroad, entered this year for the Ladies' Singles in the All England Championship meeting at Wimbledcn. She _ was drawn against E. Johnson. • f-irmer I canner-up for the final and one of the ita,ling players in England. The match was played en Thursday, and alters fine struggle, full of very fait tennis, Mn. Croefield, was beaten fl-I, t; 2. She did nncommonly well against such an exponent la Mi.. Johnson, especially ronaidering that thou was her first appear- sane at Wimbledon.

)eaterday Mn. (ro.fi.hl wee .1.,11 to plsy in a tournament organised by Countess To: by at Kenwood Lord Msnafield's beautiful place at Hampstead, which the Grand lock. Michael has leased tar a long period. Mrs. Crosfield and the Grand Duke won the mixed double. in the same tournament last year, and they are again partners.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Battos's Sumer Sale.

Exceptionally attractive bargains will be offered en and after Monday Pelt at J. XW. Dutton'. SW:MM. Sale in Stokey-street. Each Thursday during July will be a remnant day, which is a new festers lat sales of thin kind no far a• Warrinetne I. concerned. he the drew department there will be 1,500 yards of dram and co•tome materiels 'all good oolonriegs and double width at Is. per ysrl, entine and silks Index also manned to this unteually luw price. In ladle. shirt blouse, there are some undoubted bargain., plain eed cbeck zephyrs Leine offered at Is. 011.1. each, white lawn. nod with tucked embroidered and lane f 'net a range 1,0111 la. I lid., to On. 6d.and lap silks from tr. I Id. to 21a. Other noteworthy bargains are •unshade. at be. than half cost, yammer hoeing and gown. In cashmere. voile, linos. San Toy and foulard, while to ioterset. the men tweed and flannel boli lay muits are offered at attractive prices ranging from Eh. fel. the nail. and rainooats end mecklntoaberi are to be had Icon.. gulags each.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
COAST & eOUNTRY.-WHERE TO STAY!

Hotels. Hydros, Boarding Honseq LLANDIIDNO.—CRAio MOR, BOARDISO•HOWM Abbey rd. ; lovely *Miklos ; every oemlott ; terms from 90a. per week.

COLWYN BAY (Itbonon-Bea.)— ATSWOR2II, board ; aids of sea, magncent mountain. view ; imoallent eolith*, ss. to an day.

'ULAN DUDNO.—Corafortable BOARDING HOUSE -IA Central position, neer Pier. Dinner 8.0. Moderate.—JEFFßieS,C•strep Moine Deganny Aeneas. IXOLMLEIGH PENSION, Corbin Bay; uorivolled position; overlooking St.lves'Say ; lovely scenery; bracing, boating, lathing, interest Pension lA'aet Corn- wall Golf Link. (18 holes).—Apply Pnovßirrolt. QT. ANNES-ON-SEA.—Rutherglen BOARDING • HOuse, board optional ; cear pier, golf, tram; moderato terors.—kliss LANORIDOZ. 1

LLANDUDNO. ORMESCLIFFR BOARDING ESTALISHMENT, promenade; accommodate ISO gamts; large recreation hall, trill room ; entertain- ments each evening ; billiarda—Prtoratwron.

ST. ANNES.—CLIFTON PRIVATE HOTEL, Pouth Promenade ; facing bandstand ; refurnished and redecorated ; electric light; small table. ; excellent cuiaine ; tenele end croquet lawn. ; near golf links ; terms moderate.—Apply YHOPRIRTRI SS. CILEVELEYS, neer Blacirpool.—Victorla Boarding Establishment, newly opened •' I min. horn car, see, golf links; excellent cuisine ;table &hole dieser, rep. tables ; Inclusive terms 51. Bd. to 7e. TeL No, n. .1. IVESTALL-PA RR.

LONDON.—WILD'S First-clam TEMPERANCE HO reLs, 30 to 40, LUDGATE HILL, &C. Electric Lift. Central for Business or Pleasure. Also st 70 and 71, EUSTON SQUARE. Close to Easton, St Pont,... and King's Cross Statloes. Home Comforts, Cleanliness, and Quist.

HITEH BAD, nr. Belfast.—" SUNSHINE VT HOUSE," Private Boarding Establishment. Beautifully situated ; own grounds ; sunny sheltered ; open eels frontage ; air bracing ; scenery delightful ; good teble; id& for health and comfort. Golf, boat- ing, Datrlng.—J•mits WYLIR, Proprietor.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (Xm BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLIL) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN.

Chula PARTIES-, PICNICS &C., iii;TIIK-O.NIALS PROM

ALMOST EVERT TOW-N-. 11 LANCASHIRE. Toltphone 04115. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT

IN TOWN.

DLAcKPOOL—PubIio and private APARTMENTS ALP with or without board, to. each perron ; min. Talbot rd., Station and SOS; plioo.—Moi. GARNIP, Lord it, N. Shona

North Wales continued.

HYL.—To LET, Furnished, Augumt or September, Mb Riv small Bungalow near Rbyl ; view.-1.1., 35, er mt.

REY L.—Public and Private APARTMENTS; minute to ars and Marine Gardens.--SAILCOCK, 12, Edward Henry et.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL ELLIOT HOTEL

CROFT.

THIS WELL-KNOWN COUNTRY RESORT HAS

NOW BEEN ACQUIRED BY

GEO. SHAW AND CO., LIMITED,

OF LEIGH BREWERY, LEIGH.

Who have made Extensive Alterations for the Convenience of Visitors'.

LARG- AND SMALL PICNIC AND PLEASURE PARTIES can be comfortably accommodated Is SUITABLE DINING ROOMS.

LUNCHEONS, DINNERS AND TEAS

Served at the Sbortert Notice and on Reasonable TOM.

A SPACIOUS AND WELL KEPT BOWLING GREEN IS ATTACHED TO THE HOUSE.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
SMART BILLIARD ROOM WITH EXCELLENT

TABLE.

Ent Clue ALES, STOUTS, WINES & SPIRITS, &c Cigars sod Ciprettes of Well-knowo Brand&

FOR TERM S, 6C., APPLY-

MANAGER,

GENERAL ELLIOT, CROFT, Ng. WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19110701_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Blackpool.

Apartments, Furnished Houses, &c.

BLACKPOOL—Comf. Apart': plagued, situated reemaseaded.-Mrs. POLLARD, 88,Egartou rd.,NS; BLACKPOOL.— Public sod private APARTMENTS. terms motional' ; minute pier sad station.—Mrs. Ruincts, 55. Static). rd, South More.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable Apartment, or. Masi and Se.; lama moderata—M H•NDLEY, 63r Alexandra rd.

BLACK PO OL, LANGII•M PRIVATE HOTEL, opposite Talbot rd. State., Queen it.; ter= from ss. bd. per day. Tel. 800.

TtLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, bed 2a. two pergola ; Dear promenade.—Mra. THOMAS, 71, Alexandra rd., South Sbore.

BLACKPOOI APARTMENTS, 2mio. Cootral !Rollout 00111,EMSOMICINS14; piAno.—Mrs HARDACRI, Malin& Roomy 67, Albert rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Homo from Homo. Mood Central Station sad Sea. Torso Is. wit person.—Mn. SIMI MITA, 17, Horoby rd. Plum

BLACKPOOL.—HomiIIy APARTMENTS at Mrs. Rooissos's, 57, Abaft id.; war Caritral Station,

BLACKPOOL.—APARTSIENTEI ; 3 minutes ries ; - la. each inclusive; piseo.—Mrs. STUBBS (removed order house), 87, Central Drive. iILACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS ; 3 minutes ese ; la each Inclosive ; piens:L-31ra W. STOO/18, &Menton rd, off Central Drive.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Southport.

QOUTH PORT.—Homely APARTMENTS, central; 1..7 public, private ; bath ; minute promenade ; terms moderate.—M lea R 'Enron, 91, Avondale rd.

QOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS, with or without 10.7 board ; 2s. per bed and atteadance ; board 44. 6d., Dear station, Lord st.; With and piano.—Mrs. Boyas, 44; Bias at-

..-- (10LWYN BAY.—APARTMENTS Public and V Private. Moderate, near Dingle and ass.— MINIM W 11.1). Hatbersitaw House, Abergele rd. rIOLWYN BAY.—Coratortsble APARTMENTS; or. sea and wood.; vell situated.—Tne Ltuass, Woodland rd., Went..

WREXHAM. FARMHOUSE. APARTMENTS beautifully situated ; lovely scenery ; bath- room.—Mrs. Enwanos, Cyounan Hall, Fritb.

DOUGLAS, FULLWOOD House, Palace rd. ; tOII board, 5. and se. 6d; beds,

LAKE DIS tRICT.—APARTMENTS with or without board; Lakeside Howe, lisemiok.—T. liesessox, Proprietor.

ittr ATLOCK.—Comfortabla APAKTIIIENTS,I minute from station. Bads horn 2s. Board optioual.—• &BARD, Ringsbridis Tearoom, Matinek.

moRECAMBE.—APARTMENTS ; Imlo. 1.. & N.W Statico ; 3utlo. sea ; pisoo.—Nln. °lmam), 186, Fulton rd.

CONTINENTAL RESORTS GOLF LINKS, HOTELS AND HYDROS.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
CIICKET.

MR. RAVR's TEAM. 25 Warburton o Manson b

POLil E. Nicholls b 5avi11e...... Sommers b %Vats. ..

WARRING TON POLICE V. MR. KAY E'S TEA M. Played at Grappenhall on Tuesday. Scone : NI RE Summers

lilaTleon o Conborne b Saville o Dickson b . Saville Green c Saville b War. Basks b Orme Lorton _ 10 Watson a Hayes b Green 1

Holland c Johnson b

Watsoo 7 Sa•ille a Hayes b Hayes b Cowborne 6 Green 2 Newey ic S3ville b Giffard cft b Glenn Watson Stuart c Warburton b Summers Cowborne 0 Lowe c Manson b Dickson c Bank. b Summers Illrowborne 6 Smith c Holland h homer b Watson Foreter not oat Johnson run oat ••• 7 Extras

Total 72 Total 199 After the match the trams lidjnitreed to the Ring.o'. bells '' where they were most hospitably entertained by Mr. Kaye as In former years. Inspector Forster, on behalf of the Yolice,tendered thanks to Mr. Kaye for his kindness in entertaining them,and Mr. Kaye responded and said that It always gave him the greet pleeaure to have the {Carrington Police team with them to play cricket, and be wea pleased to see that the wives of some of the oflicers had come with them to witner the match. So long tut be resided at Grappenhell he (Mr. Kaye) should always try to arrange a cricket match with the l'olice as he always looked forward to having pleasant game.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S MATCHES.

Wanington v. Earletdown :—B Silcock,W Richard- son. J Callon, tit Partridge. Rev H Gray,J W Pearson, A G L Grear, H Hands, W Bennett, A Duckworth and Pesten.

H;rl-Wto-;rn ad v. Warrington 2nd :—W V Tartoo, H Dolan, 8 Baxter, H Partridge, J Hawthorn, II Hawthorn, S .1 Price, R H Lowe, Simpson, T Dixon, F E Deane.

1% ARRINGTON AND DIRTRICT LEACV6.

Wildorspool Brewery v. Whitscrona Recreation Sankey V. Orford Sankey Wire Mills •. Latchford Wesleysns Rylands' Bros. v. Walker's Brewery.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING NOTES.

LANCASHIRE COVNI Y.

At • meeting held in Manchester on Thursday even- ing it was decided to stpone the Individual Merit Competition (which should bare commenced to-day at the Cemetery Hotel) ontii July 9th. The list for entries will be open until Thursday evening, closing at i. 30, when the draw will take ',lace at the Cemetery Hotel. The Cemetery Hotel are play- ing Iliddletcn to-day at the Angel, Stretford in the fourth round of the Championship. The Whitecroes Club protest failed against Cborlton and therefore the match will he. played to-day. I should like to mention as regards the Individual Merit Competition which will be played at the Cemetery that members affiliated with the War- rington and District Association and the Works Associ- ation are eligible to take part

The Liberal Club will shortly play i competition on the " Drive" lines. If players will only pay attention to the ruleis which are set out on the curd, it will not only make the gsmes pleasant, but will greatly assist the ootzuoiree to make the new venture a success.

GREEN-WOOD,

===== 0002601_19110701_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL OF THE LATE MRS. BUNCH

In the presence of many sorrowing relatives and friends, the funeral of the late Mrs. Bunch, wife of Mr. Charles E. Bunch, work. manager for the Pearson and lisowles Cie! and Iron Co., Ltd., took place in St. Paul'. Churchyard on &Lumley afternoon. Tb. deoeued lady wagoner of the most active workers in connection with St. Paul's Church, and we. held in high regard by the members of the congregation, who asnembled in large numbers to witness the last rites. The service in the church ens of • very impreoeive character, the officiating clergy being the Rasa W. Braceoomp (vicar) and E. E. Peters. In the &seem of Mr. EAVilkes, Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. The principal mourners were :—Mr C E Bunch (hnaband),llwers Fred, Jock and Eric Bunch (sons), Mr and Mrs Joseph (lunch )(attar-in-law and mother- in-law), Mr and Mrs'loot Proud, Mr and Mrs W A Proud, Mr and Mr• Frank Proud (brothers and sister- in-lorv), Mr and Mr. Henry Bunch (brother-in-law and sister-in-law), Mr Tom Bunch (iirother-in.law), 3lis• K Bunch (abler-la-law), Mr and Idr• A Header.. (brother-in-law and sieter•imlow), Mrs. Ethel Bunch lniecei,kfr II Hodge (co usin),Mr John Brookes (cousin), Mr ft Cuppere (cousin), Mr S Fiedler° (brorher-in-law), 'Mr sod Mm ip C White,Mr WC Whits, Mew Crosby, Mr H Collin, Mr Johnson,l)rs Joseph and Andereon, Mr A S !Freckly, Mr John Sleekly, jam, Mr T Atherton, Nurses Thompson and Miley. Mr E Isherwood, and many members of St. Poe. congregation and the ladies' working party, with which the deceased lady had been long connected. '('be ctifßo bore the plain inscription " Alice

===== 0002601_19110701_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM TERRITORIALS ENTERTAINED.

LYMM TERRITORIALS AND OLD SOLDIERS entertained by Lieutenant G. W. Hartley after the Coronation procession last week

• - •it -11 P- '-.'llX ' t 14,6 _ 4.! 111 t 4 - • ": •t * 411- o,f 10- 1110" -A. / ',nowt 1'4116-4":"A— Et'. E. ,Irdern.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY FOOTBALL LEAGUE.

ANNUAL MEETING.

mi RE1.01:1].

The annual general meeting of the League was held at the tiroevenor Hotel, Elancheeter, on Tuesdsy evening. The Preeident, Hr. J. B. Cooke, of Woke- field, was in the chair and there was a good attend- once of delegateaeach club being entitled to send one

representative. After the minutes of the last meetiug, held at I Huddersfield, had been posed, the report sod balance sheet were adopted. The cash is hand 11109 (Is. 7d) was considered satisfactory although further provisi n would hire to be made to increase the annual income

if the Leegue wee to continue sound financially. The President rcade reference U the objections raised by certain clubs concerning the publication of Transfer fees paid for players, but be pointed out that that was a nuttier which was entirely in the hands of the clubs themselves. If the clubs did not publish the amounts there would be no publicity. He regretted that the number of players being rent off for

MISONt}t i

wes increasing. Whethei-it—wa-s due to the leniency shown by the League Committee he could not say, but he felt sure that the Clubs would all ogres th.,t it was • matter of grave moment, awl one that shout d

be remedied if pOssible. Ile Was of opinion that if the respective Committees would take the matter sericualy into consideratitn they could do a great deal more than the League C mmittee in stamping it out. During the season 1909-10, wilt n they had 41 , clubs, 81 players were reported, vt bast last season : with an increased souther of clubs, 53 in all, 94 I players had been reported. It was probable that next year more severe punisbmeht would have to be meted out ti del i nquents. The following. clubs were re-elected

League : Bromley and Coventry. Lancashire League : Runcorn. On a vote being takeo, be Management Committee was re-elected for the ensuing year. It in constituted as follows :—Lancashire Section : Messrs. J. Platt (Oldham), J. ET. Bought,. n (St. Helens), O. Taylor (Wigan), W. R. Cawley (Runcorn). Yorkabile Section : 11. Cooke (Wake- field), W. D. Lyon (Hull), J. clifford (lludderefield). J. W. Wood (Leeds). One liked the mellaod of _ ',ELECTING THE comurrrr.r.

Eight were needed, four from Lancashire, four from Yorkshire,and the representatives must vote for eight That would I, an innovation worth introducing in Warrington when the voting for the Committee of the Warringtcu Football Club takes Flue. It is no deei'led improrement on the joeseLt untound syttein. Meters T. Pemberton Warringtont•Ll F. !Ronald

Iluddersfield, were thanked for their eerl,ces and re-elected suditors. It was pointed out that the er rk of the League bad increased so much, a meeting • week being now necessary, instead of fortnightly as hitherto, that it was decided to grant the energetic eteorets7, Mr. J. H. Houghton (,t Helens, an honorarium of £6O for his services during the as season. Last year be received !:50.

NEW itI.EN, ETo

• There was a long list of proposed additions, alterations and amendments to the Bye-laws. To • facilitate getting out the list of Ettore, earlier the League Committee yroposed and it was carried unanimously that new clubs desiring to join the League must make application not later than May 31st in each yoar instead of June look. It was also decided that the annual meeting shall be held in future in the second week in June instead of the fourth in previously ; that all matche, shall be of eighty minutes duration and not subject to mutual agreement. The proposal to change the official time for kick-off from December 10th to January Irtth to 230 was not carried. There was quite a debate over the proposal by Batley F.C., seconded by Dewsbury F.C. for the deletion of Rule 8 and the eubstitution of the following " Club• in membership with the League shall play home-and-home matches with every club Is their own county and with not tern than four clubs outside emir county. The four clubs in each county who shall obtain the highest perceotage of point, in the League table shall play each other, and the four club. aeon in ordvr of merit rin each county shall play each other, and the remaining dubs In aremberthip with the League shall have inatchrs arranged for them by the Management Committae. Subject to the above, the arrow*. meat of all League natures shall be left with the Management Committee,•ed from that committee's' decision there 'hall be no apps.aL" A very god ea- e for its suletitutton was made out by I the representative from Batley and he was very ably supported by Mr. J. If. Smith (Widnee) who agreed with the principle all:tough he would much have preferred the top " three" clubs instead of "Pour" meeting tacit other. There were a certain number of !clubs who might be classed as 'fashionable." and 'clubs outside tbis circle had great difficulty in obtaining fixturew with them. . .

Mr. Lewthwaite (Flunglet.) vupported the new scheme. He thought that Mr. Smith, whilst making out an excellent case, had overlooked • very strong argument in it. favour and it was that there were club, who found it necessary to bring something forward to create' a great, interest in the 'AVM matchee when knocked out of the Cup Ties and he thought this propcmal was a solution of the difficulty Mr. Wood (Leeds also supported it and pointed out that a scheme of the character outlined had been • dream in Yorkshire for • long time and the present alteration put it into practical effect. There were other speakers who argued against it and to storne,at any rate, it did certainly appear that whilat it might be advantageous to the top clubs it gave hid, encouragement to those low down in the table.

Bunch, born Auguat 7tb, 1967, died June 22241.191h' The funeral arraogement. were married out by Mears. I Monakld aad Sons. -•- •• • --

...firo7rl.l.llst.it;"....rere sent by the following :—Mr Bunch, "Fred nod Jack," "Eric sod Marjorie' Mr arid M. T Proud, Mr sod Mrs W A Proud, Mr and Mrs V Proud, Mr and Mrs Joseph Busch sod Mir Bunch, Mr sod Mrs If Busch, the Rey Joseph and Mrs Bunch, Mr sod MrsT Bunch, Mr sod Mrs A Henderson, Mr sod Mrs fi Henderson •nd family, Mr sod Mrs II Budge, Mr sad M. W Crosby, Mr sod Mrs A If Walker, Mr and Mrs W If Sleekly, Mr sod Mrs J J Sleekly. Mr H S Meekly, Mr Arthur Sleekly, Mr and Mrs John Meekly, jun., Mr and Mrs W J Bleakly, Mr cud M. W Richardson, Mr end Mrs Jam. Richardson, Mr and Mrs C Madeley, Mr .d Mrs J H Singleton, Dsliam ohio. at•ff, Bewsey office ytelf. Members of the C 00111111,• Club, Mrs Coppage and family, Mrs Brookes and (may, Mr sod Mrs II P C White, Dr sod Mrs Douglas Anderson. Mr and Mrs .1 H Smethurst, Mr II Collin sod family. ladles of St Paul's working party. Mr and Mrs T Atherton, Mr and Mrs R T Smith, Mr S Wakefield, Mr A Walsh, Mr sod Mrs F Parsonage .d family, Mr aod ?dos T Locker, Mr sod Mrs T Pember- ton, Mrs Griliths and family, Mr sod Mrs NleMill., Mr A Wakefield, Mr aril Mrs P Walsh and family, Mr •nd Mrs Holt sod family Mr and Mrs Price, Mr and Mr. Lindley, Mr and Mrs C Pennymore, Mr and Mrs R Green. Mr and M. C Leigh, Nurse Utley, Rol Messrs Smith, Gerrard sod Griffiths. On Sunday, I. St. Paul's Church, touching allusions were made from the pulpit to the deceasol lady, the husband and family, in the morning by the Vicar and io tho evening by B. Rey N E Peters, both of whom spoke very highly of the late Mrs. Bunch as wife, mother and &right. r.

Eventually, although 15 voted for it and 9 against, it was lost, owing to the fact that • two-thirds majoi ity was needed to carry it. The Saw° caused by the Wigan and Oldliam tie in the League was reeptnrible for the next proposal by the League Committee, and it was resolted to add the following solution to Bye-law 9 " In Cu. two or more dabs tie In percentage of points, the score average to determine the position In the table, such wore average to ba sacerteleed ly dividing the nun,ber of point...cored against. into the numb.,, of points scored for." 11, (a(, LI . . . .

As Lu already been p, inte i" 0::;t is very necewary that the income of the League should be increased is) nolo carry -42 the work efficiently. One of the easiest methods to ontsin the &sin 1 result, and likely to cause the least inconvenience, is in the re-arrange- meet of the divisions of the moniee received at Cup Ti. finals. The increasid amount paid to the League would prove effectual and it was therefore resolved to alter the rule so se to read" the proceed. of the Anal tie after the like expensea bare been deducted shall be divided into three equal portions—one-third to rich of the conipet Mg clubs end one-third to the Lesgue."lle League, in future, will pay for the medal, out of their third Phan, of the filial jo riceipts.

vlAirliF IX htantltlç , The prop nil of the llunslet F.C. That •11 players' jereays I. League matchers must be numtered—eumbers to be of nut less thee fee Inches in length " was carried. 111 will agree that such an addition is • decided improvement. It sill make the game ever eo much , more interesting to the spectators and will, to some extent make it imperative for clube to provide pro- ' grammes for all matches. It will also hell? the , referces—and linesmen--to carry out their duties when a player ri quire kin, or their attention for' not ' playing the game." Rochdale Hornets' F.C. were not euccessful in their desire to amend the bye-law with reference to the compilation of the cfficial list of referees. They wished for each club to vote for 18 referee., instead of 211, and that in no cam must • referee officiate on any club's ground more than once in any season in league:matches. They also wanted the fees for referee* rowing to £1 Is., all round and for touch judges 7s. ed. and 3rd class railway fares in both cases. There was a lively di.- caution over theme auggeetions, each portion coming in for favourable (an.) unfavourable) criticism. One representative sect so far as to suggest that if any 31terntion wee made at all it shcald be to 15e. all round fcr referees. U. did not think that the fee had soy ir future at all on the class of referees. Another representative thought the linesmen had m little to do that, as • matter of fact, they were paid for having tlto beat view of the match. The proposal was not carritd.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S PROPOSAL.

The amendment by the Warringten KC. to the byedaw dealing with the signing on of a player from a junior clob was also lost. The .uggestion was that be bye-law should read "That any Noitliern League Club signing on a player from a Junior Club—and who has played for such Junor Club—shall pay such Club on securing de., Sc." Ily the addition of the words in italics the injustice of the Bye-law would he removed without in any way:encroaching upon the rights of the Junior Clubs. It caused considerable disco mine but, as has been stated, it orae not earned.

Several alterations to the Combination Itye-law• lOU to briog them iota line with the League mica were carried unanimomoy. It we. re•olveil that if he • re, mmend.tion to the League COPlMiliell to call a special meeting to alter the ruleis so as to make amendments to amendments permissible. This is a very nereiraiy and business- hie alteration, as very often a g• rid prop i sal is lost owing to the fact that the "whole ' mina be adopted or none stall.

A beauty vote of thanks to tbe Preoident for bis conduct in the chair concluded the wetting. Appended is a list of he Australasian fixtures, from which it will be wen that the Aust.,lion trans is to be on view at Wilderspool. on Saturday. the 30th December.

THE AUSTRALASIAN FIXTURES.

1 Sept. :I.—Midland aid Soothers Players, at Co- vestry. „ 27,—Cumberlatid County (nestle sot fixed). Oct.. 3')4::"-Broughton 11,1115er.' at B"'Sbt". 1 „ 7.—Wales. at Ebb Vale. „ 11.—Yorloshirs Coonty (venue Dot flied). • , 14.—St. /Moog, at St. Belem, „ 19.—England, at Fulham. , 21.—Haulet, at Hanslet. 1 , 25.—Northern Llegoe, at EvertJn. „ 29.—Wigan, at Wigan. INOT. I.—S.6OW°, at Swintun. „ 4.—Hull, at Hull. „ 9.—Test Match, at Newcastle. , IL—Oldham, at Oldham. „ 15.—Leigh. at Leigh. „ 19.—Wokefield Trinity, at Wakefield. „ 21—Lancashire County, at Blackburn. „ 25.—Barrow, at Harrow. 29.—HUOCCorn, at St°lool.. Dn. 2.—lluddersfleld, at Huddersfield. ~ 6.—En4land, at Nottingham. „ 9.—Salford, at Salford. „ 13.—York, at York. , lb.—Test Match, at Edinburgh. „ 20.—Walm end Writ of England, at Bristol. „ 23. —lt.chdale Hornets, at ttoohdale. „ 29.—0pe0 date. 10 26 —Halifax, at ifalifas, , 30. —Wwitagton, et Warrington. ho. I.—Open data. „ 6.—Leeda, at Leeds. „ 10.—Toot Match, at Sinaloa/sans. „ 13.—/1011 Kiogstoe !Joao's, at Hull. , 17.—England, at Glasgow. EDIII.ND osnonsc

-a- Married passed his 9016 ;ear, Mr. Peter Parkiemm, old Black boro apiarist, bat tojoyed bit old age peril= for tome t ime. 0. Saturday hit daeghter, Mr.. Alin. Smith, who haa reached her 70th year, Mceivad hot Area state contribution.

THE ROYAL PROGRESS. . • As everyone knows, the progress of the King and 2neen, with their brilliant minis -ate and accompanying procession of troops, through the City and South London, was a pageaqt of unsurpassed magnificence. The photograph above shows the Royal carriage with its Meet cream hones passiog along Cheapside.

fr -1

THE NAVAL REVIEW.

public ownership for private ownership of the means of production. In no other way one we secure for each worker. . . . the full reward of his lab,ur. So long ria between the worker and his just wage stand private landlord. and the private capitalistal long will poverty remain. . . ." is a book which alight to be studied by all those who is lab well of their country.

- - _PR_:LIN - - -4- ,- r - -Ir-r - F. - ~.- - • ' - . • '''''''. nii:.*o '7O if 'lit- - vierielhowsvol" 4 1 ' ,'• , 1 f' ° ..i S ------------- ' , ' -;• el, ',4 . A"' ;.-- .„.',-",,,,‘,t-.- 42, ',•• -- .} ii" :-' il - • • . -_ , • - ••" •'l. ..!' • -.. 11. tattilloott..... ' .!. /Pls. .0' „ ,r, ~. , .. '''',..:,..L.:..._ tjt.., . `4,,,,i.,..,:),,, ~,„ , 4., '44',414t • . ! ,',.,.... s, ' . \:,-,..... .4e, ~,, , • - ' ',..1(‘ -,,,,..,', '. , - ~, • ''' -4/../., i 5.....,0- ' N't•li..44. ,I.'' ,0,,,..,i"(+4,; ,-, . „,.) ~,irri,4ll:. , 4.7 v. , '.'1.,1. '.:•;k4.' ''`'.',..A`'.l,;:r 4- 1 . • ,---. illiat's irr"!;:' ; ~s," '',.. • •••• i 6 i , • •.- n. , * . "'.'W lib '''., ' ' '' ' ''' ' '' 'AU ' ,I'' - ''' ' 4;1S) i ' ,"•:, )4.*;''...::::!.......:.5..: , : : 1.- ' '..11' Illir -•-- - ) ', " ' t"!l<,, 0 •', le: ' '''- '''A ' , ~,;?.44211!' ' ' -•-•.' ' ';l4. I 42-. . ',;4 %,;7' : ' , .. - )I'l,l •* 'i , • 7.- , ' " ' '''' 44 P ' •,. '-',` -...y",,,,,...p, ~. • ~,,..,„ • , '...• / •' 4 . 7. •:' • ; ' \.. ' ' .... .r. , . t '-1: • .ipt ii'' 'l• ~ 4/ ,e. '4 . •,' j... •• .4•2':- . .:'•• ' . . ' ......' • , • ': . ;o‘;‘.l ~..z1 t i -41' / 4''! '' •Peli.... iit,),Ni'.' 4 '',•-• ,Isik,, . • ii,-.4.:1 CI, ^-- „irdr es, , f• -, '....* .it...! .4,fk 48 1 14/0 ' . . . ' 1 : .';'.',i;•; 1;‘ ii_ -. • • 4.1, i : - io',, -.:N, q 1 = 4.1 '• ~.„ti ..}„4,1,i1l -4.1 • vr... , i , 1 ,0-. ' • • .....' il ': , , ',.:' git•P ~,, ql. 'b.:. ..I‘r.f .16i, it, • e..., 1 i /0. . 2, t 1"l' • yr ,It • 4. '' N t...:: 1.: ' - -: ik :.,.'..`"-rA - r ' . a

• • . . . . • • ~ • . *I , f , r.stioia. j...... _..i.,.,,,,, „..... iiet,, iiiiii„.,.. ......,. •• ' ' - -7-"".4l—' ' - • . . i ..-L-A060016.- t t•• .„ .... .:7,..•,....,,A, ~,•.75.....,--4:... A • —a— . anromrioosor . . • ... - • - - ' „ , . . ... . , „ .. .. . ~. . , . , ~. .- . , .-: ..,,,,A. , ~, •,,, , ...., ,-....'

Alter the London pageant came the great Naval Review at Spithcad where the King and Queen, on board the Royal Yacht Victoria and Albert, steamed down and up the lines of the finest assembly of the most powerful battleships ever gathered in British waters. The picture glues a Mew of thc Royal Yacht passing up the fairway, Mt battleships stretching n a five-milt has along the background.

0 ~/ L . I, ''',," 1 1 i - IP '1 I i i 4 i Ai P . 4/ 441111' i 1 , .I , I . , ..4 _ , ,

===== 0002601_19110701_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BELGIUM

===== 0002601_19110701_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
INSPECTING VETERANS AT PORTSMOUTH.

A pleasant incident of the Royal visit to Portsmouth was the inspection by the King and sieen of a group o' veterans drawn up in line in a shed at the Dockard e King George and Queen Mary, who were accompanied by the Prince of Wales and Princess Mary, were greatly interested, and His Majesty engaged in conversation with several of them, including Israel Harding, who gained his V.C. at the battle of Alexandria by picking op a live shell and pitching it overboard,

===== 0002601_19110701_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
"RICHES AND POVERTY '

Mr. Chlozza Money's New Book.

Mr. L. G. Clidossa Money, M.P., ha', for some years bee. rega,ded as one of our foremost aociologiats and economists and anything attached to his name M regarded with deference if not as nothoritetive,and ins new hook of his entitled "[lichee and Poverty" publiehed at 52. by Meters. Methuen and Co., Ltd., he again presents on array of vital facts which are indis- putable and draws conclusion'', which are, at leant, logical. " Riches end Poverty" made a great Impression when it was first issued in 1905 sad after going through ten editions in the /abort apace of five peers, Mr. Money recogniaed that his admirable volume rtquired material alteration if it were to be • reliable compendium for current aff rirs, owing to recent legislation end the change in economic conditions. And no here we have another enquiry into the procur- ing and disposal of our national Inc line written in an attractive style. Of necessity figurer are everywhere apparent, but they are by no means dull even to one other thee a modent of affair. One may say that he bag electrified his facts and his book would not have been misnemed If it had been called " Romance of the National Income." Mr. Money shows by • masterly aeslysis of statistics that the distribution of wealth is.. grown even more uneqoal sine 1905 and that the comparative statlonariness of money wages of late years, is a fact upon which the labourers theinselvee, not lesa the nation of which they form by far the greeter part, are to be commiserated. His view of the subject is that the messing of capital in large unite bee so con- siderably strengthened the hand of capital in its deal- Inge with labour that in meet years 1 rade Unions have comparatively loot much ground. Mr. Money', state- ment regarding the way in which the national income In dimmed of is very intercedes. He says that the •ggregate income of 44,500,000 people of the United Kingdom in 1908-9 (April to March) wee E 1,844,000,000 ; 1,400000 persons took £634,000,000. 4,40,000 took £273,000,000, 39,000,000 took £935,000,000. A. aa effective mean, of remedying this palpable Injustice, Mr. Money maintains that "we most strike it the error of distribution by gradually eobetituting

===== 0002601_19110701_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
DISFIGURING ECZEMA ON FACE.

For two years I suffered terribly with eczema which broke out all over my face, neck, and the backs of toy handa, until they were covered with ti.y running soree I tried many skin remedies,but none did me any good. I W. tired r 'trying so many different things, and was thinking of consulting a doctor when I saw the advertMerneLt of the Cuticura Remedies and tried a little Cuticura Ointment. It soothed the irritation, so that after u..ing it,my face was free from irritation. then bought a cake of Cuticura Soap and a box of Cuticula Ointment and a vial of Cuticura Pills, and before I had finished using them my face was quite clear, and there was not a trace of a rash or a pimple left. I had thought my face was sure to be perma- nently disfigured, but thanks to the Cuticura Remedies my skin is now quite clear and bealtbyand I feel that everyone should know of the god to be derived from the Cuticura treatment.

" A friend of mme bad her face break out aboutl three weeks ago; she at once used Cnticura Soap and Ointment, and now her face is clearing wonderfully. I shall always use Calicoes Soap and Cuticura Ointment, and I shall be only too pleased to have you publish this account of my cure. I shall continue to recommend the treatment to anyone who is suffer- ing with skin ailments for I wish I could tell them all to use the Cuticura Remedies." (Signed) Miss Matel Terry, 17, William-street, St. George's, Bristol, Glos., June 211th, 1910. Post free, from F. Newbery & Sons, 27,Charterhouse Sq.,London,samples of Caticura Soap and ointment, with 32-p. book on skin treatment.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PAST AND THE PRESENT. THE CONDITIONS OF THE PEOPLE.

[By B. EngIBC

It is only by looking into history and comparing the Past with the Pretest that we can arrive at a decition as to whether the conditions of the people have progressed or retrograded. Let us for example take the reign of George 111. and see how and what were the conditions .of the people at that time.

When George 111, wan crowned there were lean than 8,000,0(X) of people in England. The workpeople had no vote or v. ice in the nothing of the laws ; they were not allowed to organise on Trade Union lines. 'I hey were illiterate, uneducated and ill-fed. As the days of George Ill's. reign proceeded they brought bard times to the common people, they brcught an eid to many of England's green fields, cool w, ode, wooden ships, dusty windmillecumberous waterwheels, they put an end altogether to merrie England of the 16th and 17th centuries and gave factories, ugly streets and insanitary houses instead. Injustice and tyranny over the commoner remained —the commoners who were driven like sheep from the pastures into the new factorieewbich gradually were erected. There they worked 14 and 15 hour, a day, there they were imprisoned, adults tortured and children whipped, in many cases the mill doors were kept locked all day no that no one could get out, the windows were kept closed,the air inside was hot and poisonous. Instances are recorded that when they fell ill they were fined for each day absent to pay for steam, rent, and light- ing of the mill. This in what they had been brought, to before the end of the reign of George I ll. The common people were sick and ignorant, the richer classes were greedy and tyrannous, England wan then a nation of amen masters with mall and aelfiah minds. Society was Ins state of open vice, it was a weakness to be virtuous, men who did not drink till they were help- lessly drunk were treated with contempt, reformers were reviled, it aas gentlemanly and ladylike to swear, everybody wbo was anybody was expected to colour the Engl.& language with profanity—even clergymen swore. Barrels of beer were not infrequently entered into the accounts of the church and chapel choirs and no doubt they rang lustily, if not always intone. The aristocrata and the autocrats then held the power. Government and the powers of lawmaking were in the hands of a few.

Now in the day. when George V. is crowned we see a mighty change and • change which is vastly superior to the times of George IV. Within four years of George IV's. death workmen's combinations were legalised and later on Trade Unions were gradually formed. The Flower of steam had practically revolutionised trade and assitted more than anything else in bringing ourselves into rapid communication with moat of the people of the earth and enable the i,eople of these lands to partake of and enjoy the fruits and foods of other c untrim The workers, as a rule, do not now work more than nine hours • day as against II in the days cf George IV.—and obtain more than double the wages. Food and fruits of all kinds are of much greater abundance and variety and most are now within the reach of all classes. The people are better housed and clothed—altogether they have more comforts in life. The spirit of the age is more religious and humanitarian. Now democracy has raised its head and claims the power to govern. The vote is almost within the reach of all. The poor, the maimed and the sick are now cared for. Educa- tion is free, and all now receive it. Probably the moot humane Act were passed viz., the Old Age Pensions Act, is now on the Statute Book. What the end of the reign of George V. mid see it is difficult to forecast,but that the march of the people d.espite strife and struggle is ever upward and onward along the path of progress,no one who is consistent with history ancient or modern can deny. There is implanted in man a spirit which nothing can quench and it will never be satisfied until it roaches its full fruition into the Golden Age.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

" 00WFF."

The coustantly-rccurring allusio 8 to Ike doings of local golfer—there W 8.9 at least one in last Saturday's "Eroni, er," and them will doubtless be °there in t present issue may lin said to hive led up to the suggestio, that I .h,add have roe or two " on my ownio." Just as cricket is characterietically English eel I aseball is ententially Americ in, so the very limiest tame now especially in question wan until comparatively rteently aupponed to be peculiarly, as it used to be almost exclusively, Scottish. It probably originated in the old Roman game of poganica, though in the meantime it hail undergone various modifica- tions. We line it on the authority of a specialist in suck matters that in the early days it was a highly dtmocratic game. Everyone, women included, played it; the common land along the seashore coneti , luting the link., and duke's son and cook's son regularly twirl( competitor.. There is nothing new ander the son, and when golf comes to be generally municipalised, an is pretty villain to be the case one of them, days, it will simply be a case of history repeating itself in a MM. GOLF A N D LITERATURE.

_ The total game, as it is termed by its devotees,was brought from over the border well within the memory of readers who are entitled to be described rie young ; but, like the Rl'. Scouts' movement among the boys of this country, it' caught ffl "art] spread with and) amazing rapidity that it already has its ramifications throughout the length and breadth of the land, the island being well-nigh covered with a not-work of links. One cannot help wondering what Sir Walter Scott would have thought of thin modern develop- ment. The following extract from the preface to " The Surgeon's Daughter " han been cited an afford- ing evidence of the gifted author's familiarity with the nomenclature of the game, as well as on account of the parallel drawn between it and literature. "At last," writes Sir Walter, " my friend arrived • little overheated, lle had been taking a turn at golf to prepare hint for ' colloquy sublime.' And wherefore since the grime, with its varieties of odds, length, bunkers, teed balls, and no on, may beno inadequate representation of the hazard attending literary pursuits. In particular these formidable buffe,s,which make one ball Olin through the air like a rifle shot, and strike another down in the very earth it is placrd upon,by the maladroitness or the malicious purport° of the player—what are they but tarallels to tbe favourable or depreciating noi tees of the reviewers who play at golf with the publications of the season, even as Altisidota, in her approach to the gates of the infernal legions, saw the devila playing at racket •ith the new books of Cervantes' days. FUNNY GOLF STORIES.

Not very long ago, one. of be popular monthly magazine.; secured an interesting collection of these, and Mr. Balfour contributed the following as the drollest all-round anecdote be has ever heard :—Two players determined to play a match by moonlight. The antagonists were in every respect worthy of each other, and as the match proceeded fortune did not appear to incline to either side. At last they canoe to a long bole, and to each it occurred *Ulm same time that a critical moment had been readfred, aid that it was tecewsery to adopt heroic measures. They drove off two long bane, which to the eyes of the ordinary lia raj ian pageearsre:lif tivorwishjinotwo.nigittt, f:arcliroyfolde combatants declared that he saw perfectly where his ball bad pne, and they walked off with unfaltering steps in the direction of the hole. When they had gone about 180 yards neither begen to show any signs of indicating that he had reached the place where he expected to find his ball. Both went on with unhesitating stride At last, when they got to the putting green, aome bundled yards or no beyond the longest recorded drive, both balls were found lying within a clab's length of the hole. Each Iplayer had arranged to drop a ball through a hole in

his-trouser's pocket ! Sir Henry Seton-Karr, CMG., has "gone one better " than this. I well remember bow, writing in • similar üblication on a different part of the same subject, he remarked that occasionally even ordinary players can do a bole in two, or even one, but never in a serious com- petition. He added an mousing story of one such, which he said he had read of a competition on a certain course where there was a pa: Beeler hole whose green could be reached by any ordinary driver in one. It was a blind holo, bounded by high gorse, hut otherwise poseeseing no peculiar or uncommon features. A certain mischievous lassie, having con- cealed hermit in the gorse close to the green, pro- ceeded, during the course of the competition, to mark every drive that reached the green, and then darting out of her concealment and back before the pta}ere came in sight, droppedeach ball no driven into the hole, but not more than one of each couple, if perchance, both players bad reached the green. In every case the owner of the ball, only too ready to believe in his own skill or luck, claimed the hole in one stroke, naturally believing he had done it. When the Cr turns came dropping in, the trouble began. Major Bunker, the first happy arrival, atmounced in stentorian tones that he had done such a hole in one. Colonel Niblick soon rifter, in similar manner, proclaimed a like result. The feelings of the club generally may be better imagined then described when at least half-a dozen players, one after another, unwillingly to hide succesMul achievement, triumphantly or modestly, as the cane might I*, returned their respective cards, duly attested, showing in each case this particular hole done in one stroke. The memory of that particular golf competition atill survives ; but the remarkable coincidence of at least six players doing the same hole in one stroke in the some day has not yet been explained to the satisfac- tion of that particular club committee. Truly a certain limits bad much to answer for. HOMING.

The record. of pigeon-flying in connection with I Sankey Bridges Homing Society, remind me that neither is this anything like a new thing under the sun. Ass matter of fact, the ancienta were extra- ordinarily clever and successful in training "homers " —not pigeons only, but even such birds as swallows. In proof of this, one has merely to turn to Montaigne's essays. In the one "Of Poets " this occurs : " Cecinna'a invention to send back new. to his family was quick, for he took swallows along with Idol from home, and turned them out towards their nests when he would send back any news; setting a mark of some colour upon them to signifie his meaning, accord- ing to what he and his people bad before agreed upon. lAt the theatre at Rome, maaters of families carried pigeons in their bosoms, to which they tyed letters, when they had a mind to send orders to their people at home ; and that the pigeons were trained up to bring back an answer." An expert has been at some pains to show that the ancients beat modern trainers in that they succeeded in educating birds to go to and fro as aerial messengers. It is po.nted out that Gibbon, in his version of the siege of Acre in 1199-1:91 (" Decline and Fall ef the Roman

Cmpire," Chap. 59), writes : —"Nine battles, not unworthy of the name, were fought in the neighbour- heal of Mount Carmel, with such •icissitude of fortune that in one attack tbe Sultan forced his way into the city ; that in one sally the Christi.na penetrated to the Royal tent. By the means of divers pigeons a regular correspondence was maintained with the besieged." The same historian, in his account cf St Lcruis. heroic assault and capture of Damietta (l 219 writes :—" Under the eye of their intrepid monarch, the barnto and knights of France displayed their invincible contempt of danger and discipline ; his brother, the Count of Artois, etormed with incon- siderate valour the town of MaSSOUra, arid the earlier pigeons announced to the inhabitanm of Cairo that all was lost." The employment of carrier pigeons is frequently mentioned in the Elisabethan drama.. CORONATION AMENITIES. I e ecall two tit-bits concerning parsons who, after preaching in country churches away from their own charger., ventured to sound one or more hearers as to how they had liked the mermon. One than appealed to, an elderly man, preferred to answer " in a kind if parable." He went on to say that he remembered • certain neighbour'. first deer bunt, " when be was green," and he omcluded -" Our friend tonere,' the deer's tracks all right, but be follered 'ern all day in the wrong direction." I have skimmed over the newspaper reports of the Coronation eermons in Warrington and district, and any such insinuation in relation to these would be altogether out of place. Ify second story, which I came across in the " Tatter " a while ago, isdecidedly more appropriate. Mrs. Stubbe, asked her opinion of the sermon, replied, "Oh I thought it was beautiful, sir, thank you, sir." Or, being further asked what had particularly impressed her, she pursued —" Well, sir, what took hold of me most, sir, was yotir persever- ance, sir ; the way you went over the frame thing *gain and again, sir." Pray let none misnnderstand. It wee not no much vain repetition by any me SIM I myself heard more then one preacher urge that

Christian churchee Arad resolve once for all to make an end of their domestic quarrels, and that Anglicans and Nonconformists should draw nearer together with a view to early reunion, that all might really be one. Daring the week of common rejoicing there were such expressions on the part of both Churchmen and Din-enters; at the a true time,: unfortunately, there were those who incurred serkus ' reepinsibility hr openly deprec ding and denouncing these, characterising them as not only impracticable but undesirable—unlem,of course, by minis absorption was to be understoat Two or three inc anpreheir.ible instances came uoder may own observation. One was • case in which the vicar of tie parish was away from home owing to serious illness, and matters were left in the hands ef • rig ded and inteerant curate. In arranging for a public service on Coronation Day, the church officers suggested that, iessintich as all sorts and conditions of men would be present, a Nonconformist minister slKul t be invited to assist to the extent of reading the lesson, that being the vicar's practice at suer times. 'lire cur ite considered himself bound by prone lent, but he would on no account ellow the nune of of the Nonconformist pastor to appmr upon the printed forma with which members of the congrega- tion were t r be supplied ; the High Churchman could not recognise the other's "orders," or tying himself to describe him as " Rev."! I have in mind a let more glaring instance, but I must stay my hand aft, adding • laughable bit of personal exp-rience. A while ago, sauntering along the front at Lytham, I stopped a few moments at a seat, the only other occupant of which was a clergyman. We got into conversation, and eventually he droppe I a r. mark which constrained me to answer somewhat altar the manner of" Elia" in his letter to Robert Southey. It appears in Imam' edition of the works of Charles and Mary Limb, thus —"Sir, you are pl.sed (you know why) to invite me to a compliance with the wholesome forms and doctrines of the Church of !England. I take your advice with as much kindness as it was meant, but I meet think the invitation rather more kind than seasonable ; I act a Dissetiter." Just then, rain began to descend, end it speedily developed into a sharp shower. The parson, curiously enough , hod no umbrella—comparatively few of the "cloth " seem ever to go far without one. As we were going , the Mlle way, I of course offered to share mine with the Churchman. To my amusement and enumeinent he hotly replied "I'd as 1,000 s'are ore with the devil" " Ily all means," said 1, and we walked along within ' a few yards of each other, and the rain descended and the floods cams and beat upon that more than foolish minion !

===== 0002601_19110701_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORIi HALL

Students' Pi;ize Distribution.

Orford Hall is by no means a large educational establishment, but it caters for a section of achool teacher, in a very worthy manner. Specially inetituted some four years ago, as an adjunct of the Warrington Training College, it affords to those teacher, who have obtained a Government certificate without the aid of college tuition not only the educational advantages of class instruction but else an environment where the social element may be pleasantly cultivated. The advantages of each an institution were described in detail on Monday afternoon when the annual prize distribution took place. Canon Stevenson (principal) presided and amongst those pretext were :—The Bishop of Chester (Right Ile, I Jr. Jayne), the Ven. Archdeacon Sprioner, Canon Willis, Canon Binge, Revs. H. A. Later (•ice-principal), W Reid end W Seed. Canon STIIIVENsON SEI4 the work of the past year had gone on steadily end very pleaanntly and the reports were very good. He had a report from (dim Fox lone of the lecturer.) from which he rend the toll iwing extracts :—" The work throughout the year has been steady and consider. able progress hoe been made. The tendency to emphasize the importance of a number of facia bits gradardly given place to an appreciation of principles sod the study of canna and effect. The improvement iv most marked perheps,in the gain in power of expression, Is independent judgment and in logical arrangement of thought. The delightful weather has made it possible daring the lent term for the students to do most of their private study out-of-doors. This privilege ban been fully appreciated and the students will return to their teaching refreshed in mind and hi dy, with e new zeal for their work." (Applattae.) Hr. Meson (master of method), in the Muss of bts report said A pleasing haters of the Meining hue been the rapid improvement made in the po.ver bt easess the value of e baton and to criticise the methods Adopted. Towards the latter half of the year many really expert oriticiams were made by the students nod valuable suggestions given to each other. Often therm efitlelSMS became aymposiums, nod innny ideas culled from experience and study were exchanged to mutual adventage. Some difficulty has been experienced in *Boca log the prises for practical ranching on there was little,if any,drfference between the best of the student.. Finally the choice lay between Florrie Itillierns and Elsie Dale for the senior group, and Olive Worrell and Else Farren for the infanta' group ; the first earned in each group succeeded, probably by teaching in the lete half of the year, after having beard criticism of the lemons given earlier." Mr. Lester, the Vice-Principal, bad been responsible, said the Canon, for mathematics, and be wae very pleased with the year's work. He con- eidered the students had made very great progress. The Re.. G. Vele Owen, on whom rested the duty of giving religions inatruction, wen thoroughly satisfied with the way the instruction bad been received. Continuing be mid that the college was OPEN TO MEMBERS OP ALL DENOMINATIONS

and it was optional whether they received religious Instruction or not. This year every student had wished to receive it, not only in Holy Scripture but alto to discuss with him those great truths of Christian doctrine which they held in common, what- ever their differences might be on secondary matters. It bad been a great thing to him to feel that everyone had been willing to attend his CIRAS and enter seriottaly, thoughtfully and earnently into the discussions which had arisen. After paying. tribute to Miss Brown the lady superintendent) for the efficiency she had displayed and oath she had taken to maintain everybody in hoar h end also to the work of Miss Snowden, drill instructor, the Canon remarked that they now stood at the parting of the ways. Hitherto the hall. . had ~,et:p a department of the Warrington . . .

r- Training College for certificated Mudente, but they had come to an end of the time the Board of Education had allowed for the experiment. Now ! the Board of Education thought that that institution !should be independent and from the let August that would he the one. It would not make any real differ- ' er.ce no far as the students were concerned The curriculum would be the seine, the internal manage- ment of the house would be the same and it would be open to all certificated students in the country. Ile thought it had plowed well through the experimental stage of the lut four years and they might predict for it • future, both prosperounand useful. (Applaune.) But instead of being under the whole committee of the Training College there would only helve of them who would serve unit, while the other five would be drawn from the Lancashire nod Chenhire County Council., the Universities of Manchester and Liverpool and the Corporation of Warrington. After distributing the prizes, the Bishop of Chester delivered a short iddren, In the course of which he remarked that the experiment there was one which promised not only to be unique and very intervening but of most aolid advantage to the great work of education. fie thought that those who had started that institution ought to be reckoned amongst the benefactors of Warrington for preserving to them such a One old house and such lovely grounds, for It was no small boon to • place like Warrington, with its 72,00(1 inhabitants. A. to the college being open to all denominations, he observed that admitting there should he clearly marked out the charter of freedom to absent them•elven from religious instruction ho sal delighted to hoar that there was abroad an appetite for the Conc. Wit iO. and dinconnions with the Priocipel !Too a subject, which saes the snore., subject of all. pplaksed It congratulated the atudents upon attend ins such a place ea that, whine they not only gained intidlectually and vitally, ph3sically. It was whinently wise end profitable Oust they ahould wiihiraw themselves from school torn yea r,stiel attend a place like that which was moolded expressly for their needs. In conclusion, the Bishop impre: fled upon the students the dignity and reeponsibility of their high ceiling, and remarked that there was netting more patriotic thus the moulding of the characters of the young.,Applause.) Archdeacon SPOONER, in proponiog • vote of thanks to the Biehop, said that at one time they feared that their hopes would not be realised wi•h regard to having a pemaneot iostitotion.but they now believed they had a hippy sod atiocessful future before them. (Bear, hear.) They were very tied to have the [Bebop with thorn, and they all hoped that hi. health would be much batter than it bad been of late. Canon BLOC,: seconded the resolution, which was heartily carried. . . . . .

The .Prize winners were aa follows —Holy Soripiore, Elide Dale ; Englieh, Rosamond Walker ; history, El-io Dale and Itoseasond Walker, avid ; practical teaching (apper), Florence Williams ; prectical teactling 'I infants), Olive Worrell ; principles of elocation, Rosamond Walker ; school hygiene, Mabel Sproston ; arithmetic, R Walker.

SEVEN.YEAR-OLD TRAGEDY RE-CALLED. John Leahy, a collier (40), who lived in the neigh- bourhood of Parr.street, St. Helens, dropped deed in the street on filo,lay morning. Leahy bad been unwell for some weeks, and had been in the workhouse hospital for • fortnight. This IMO, along with two others. wog on March 17th, DM, sentenced to death by Mr. Justice Day' at the Liverpool Assizes, for the murder of Comusble Gordon, of the St. Helens force, who was misting to capture them when on a fowl- stealing expedition. The sentences were reduced to fifteen yews, but Leahy only served about seven years. One of the men died some 'ears ago, end tilers is only one now surviving.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERALISM.

Reader, of Lod Morley's " Compromi•e " will remember the pissags in which he deplored the disregard of principles in the polities of the time in which that hook wan written. Many yearn have passed 'dace then, yet it is doubtful if people have learned that without principlen politics become. • mere ecramble for office and the personal benefits whieh self interest prompts men to seek. It is particularly to be regretted that Liberal., in the past. have laid tbernmelves open to this charge of neglect- ing Ow theory of their policy, for the message of Liberalism in no inspiring and full of such hopefulness for the future, that it mliould command the support of the great majority of the people, and not be hable to attack by its optonents on the ground that, it is loco.. rese 4 with its avowed principles and is a departure frm the past po'icy of the party. The prement is a moat opportune time for • preen- lotion of the principles and tolicy of Liberalism in a suitable form and at a price which brings it within the reach of all. Such a presentation is given in Prof. L. 'l'. Holahouse's little book, "Liberalism," publieherl in the " Boma University Library," by Messrs. Williams and Norgate at the price of one shilling. It is no mere sketch of the present pro- posals of the Liberal party, but • calm and finely reasoned statement of the fundamental conceptions of Liberalism, and the methode propeed by its adherents for their realisation. It cannot be auggeeted that there in no need for such a book at the present Juncture when it in borne in mind that one of the commonest objectionn to the measures which form together a coherent and consistent ',they raised by opposing parties, and even by some of the older Liberals, is that they are, in principle, opposed to the Liberalism of the days of Cobden. Bright and Glad- mono, and form in reality the first instalments of thorough going eocialistie legislation Jointed on an unwilling party by men who are trait re to their traditions and unworthy of the name of statesmen. These obj redone to the great anietiorative social measures, which are being urged upon the country by the present Liberal administration, are based on an imperfect understanding of the meaning of liberty. It is, therefore, appropriate that Mr. Hohbouse should devote a large share of his attention to tracing the continuity of the new Liberalism with the old and this he shows to be in an enlarged conception of liberty. individual and social. The older Liberals had aimed at enuring liberty for the individual ; but they conceived that this could only he achieved by limiting the activity of the State as far as possible. Personal freedom, they thought, won incompatible with the wide powers claimed for Governments. The new Liberslimm is as emphatic an the old in its demand for liberty, but its conceptioa of this is wider, and based on deeper analysis. Liberty in not to be conceived as the right of a man to follow any course of conduct he chooses regardless of its effects on others; that form of liberty in found nowhere in the world. It is to be regarded es the right of a man to the fullest power of self•develop- ment, only in in so far as that does not hamper and retard the development of bin fellows. Liberty there- fore, implies restraint and equality, for it is imposeible that true liberty should co-exist with privilege. The freedom that the Liberalism of the twentieth century strives to secure in the equal freedom of all for the full development of human personality, and this freedom is bleed on mutual restraint. It is recognized that this cannot be obtained by allowing free-play to all the desires of man. As Mr. flobhouse mays, Social freedom rests on restraint. Iris • freedm that can be enjojed by all the members of • community, and it in the freedom to drools among those lines of activity which do not involve injury to others. . . . . . But, inasmuch as injury inflicted in itself crippling to the sufferer, a. it lowers his health, confines hie life, cramps bin powers, no the prevention of such injury sets him free. The restraint of the apgremeor is the freedom of the sufferer and only by restraint on the actions by which men injare one another do they as a whole community gain frmerlorn in all menses of conduct that can be persuett without modal djAgrmony." Tile policy of then:raw Liberal:Bm is jostilied, there- fore, on the ground that the coercive power exercised by the Slate yields a more effective freedom to the Community, individually and collectively. This is the test of each proposal for Stale inter- ference, a test wlich must be met. For it is of the essence of Liberalism in its extension of the sphere of governmental control that if should create more liberty than it curtails : that each of its legislative acts should 'net the bounds of freedom snider yet.' It may be said, then, that the underlying principle of modern Liberal legislation is the imposition of varieties of restraint on individuals and bodies of individuals for the good of the community as a whole, the endeavour to s,'cure an ever-widening liberty to the whole body of the State to permit of the fullest self-developntent of the individual is every direction. This can only be achieverl by the progressive externeion of the area of Governmental action, the gradual removal of privilege, and the substitution of the common will—acting for the common good in place of the unrestricted liberty of the individual in the ournit of his own private ends. The rapidity with which progress towards this goal will be made depends upon the growth of the democracy, and Liberalism seek., therefore, to secure a fuller and more effective representation of the people in the goveroment of the country. It is interesting to note that Mr. liohhouse is fovea the breaking clown of the barriers of sex. " Restrictions of sex," Ire say., "are in every reerct parallel to restrictions of class. There are doulalmsa occupatione for which the women are unfit. But if no, the test of fitness is sufficient to exclude them. TI,, 'open road for women 'in one application, and a very big one, of the' open road for talent,' and to secure them both ie of the essence of Liberalism."

- Liberalism, as expounded in this book, is seen. therefore, to be no played-out policy in the last agonies of its expiration, but la message of hope, and ever-expanding freedom, to the toiling masses of the people. Toth.ee who wi.l to have some share in the shaping of the future, no more inspiring exposition of the principles of Liberalism could be gives than Professor llobbouse's little Look.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
A. W. PERRI 3.

THE SALTERTON MIRACLE. l'amlyeed sod Ile 'plea. Cured by DLL CASSELL'S TABLETS.

Mr. T. Sedgemore, Lyndale CAtop, Chapel St., Budleigh Salterton, South Devon, now celled by every- one Tbe Silterton Miracle," writea —"Foe le months I wt• completely helpless from spins' parleyed., being tumble to move trend or foot. No treatment did me any good, and I nos seat. Into hotpital, but despite all their ellort. I was deolared incurable. Then I wan carried horns, but hearing a hereon! renmrkiede curet by Dr. Cainell'a Tablets., I began to take some. Al mint at mum • ought improve- ment took place, and in a few weeks I could move my limbs freely, and war taken not in • bath chair, Gradnally, but surely, Dr. Camielni TabletastrengUsened ma more and more, and now, to the amazement of everyone, lam completely cured, and able to continue my cork. l!..qsplocall rue the " Salterton Miracle." . .

Dr. Cdasell is Tablets will cure all forms of nerve, orgsoic and physic .1 weakness in children or sdnltA. Price lOW., le. lid., and 2a. ed., of all chemists. Send 2d. in stamps to Dr. DisseWs C. LW., King St. W., !drumbeater, for • free trial boo.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CORONATION DAY IN BELGIUM.

ZOUPE.KNOCKE GOLF LINKS.- The Coronation of George V. was celebrated at Knocks on the 220 d by a dinner at the Golf Chili, folloned by a dance. There waa also, dinner at the Continental Hotel, after which there was a firework dirpley, and Cep'alo Pocock, of the Indian army, at home on leave, was asked to let off the fireworks. 1.4 %outs Knocks is a coming place, easy of access from England, Vol. hours from Dover at outaide, •irt Ostend, sod in the seasin there is an average of 250 bags in the pavilion belonging to ttrangern, without countiog the membere of the Club. There in no doubt that tide lb hole course is the tiniest oath. Continent. The Scottish visitors nay thst with its natural hazards, it in an good an at home. " It is Golf." Nothing can be added to this.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
A DUKE'S PROPERTY ON SALE.

Sales began at Tasistock, on Monday, of the ikoke of Bedford'', 1/ercnstiire property, compriaing It hotels and one, bui ins. premises, 200 cottages in the tow. of Ta•iatock, and ir,:riAt acres or residential sod agri- cultural property in tbe neighbourhood. Monday'. sale realised £25,000. Tire public-hormes trade the high prices, but otherwise the competition was not keen.

EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE A tilidt bottle makes 2 gallons of del.ciong Homemade Lemonade, produced solely from Lemons and Sugar, The Sal ml Summer J)rwki

10

i, SERIAL STORY.

[ALL RIGHTS REFARTED.]

negatively. Evidently averse to further argu- ment, heturned hie head peevishly on fhe pillow and closed his eyes. Fragments of the renewed talk reached Simard where he steed behind the arras. It was disconnected, but the names of Aide and Lawson were plainly distinguishable. Miriam's persietence had the effect of enraging the invalid and at last he poured forth a volume of reproaches which, however, finally merged into incom- prehensible babble. 'And you mean to leave me totally en. provided for? A veritable beggar?" she ex- claimed bitterly. There was evidently a struggle going on In her mind as she stood meditatively glancing from the figure in the bed to the document in her hand. He pushed the pen away, and snatching the document from her tore it into four pieces, casting them in his stop-daughter's face. "Nothing for you, nothing for you." "Then I've wasted all the best years of my life on a mean and ungrateful man," she cried, "and now I want the price of my bondage. Your span of life is fast shorten- ing; mine is only in its beginning, You have had your day, I mean to have mine. Michael and Aide are outsiders, while I am--" "Miss Leonard," broke in the old man. Miriam made a great effort to appear un- moved as she stooped to pick up the pen from the floor. Her face was purple with re- strained anger, and she said in cutting tones "You were always a princely almoner. But why call me Leonard, when I have been re- cognised by the whole world as your daughter?" "Then why do you stay?" he exclaimed. "Your absence would be preferable." "Who ministered to your wants in your ,hour of trouble?" _ . _

"Dear Miriam," be sneered. "Who hau a better right to your fortune than It" she continued.

" l'hoso to whom it belongs." "And who are they?" she panted. "You shall soon know, for my. day is far' ing, and night is not far distant. ' "But if you die intestate " _ _

"Die," he screeched, " I will not die. I will live to torment you," his distorted face contrasting oddly with his phraseology. "There lie hidden heaps and heaps of money, hoards which you shall never touch. There are piles of gold, ingots of gold, which are neither yours nor mine." "Restore my mother's fortune; at least do me that justice." "Your mother had no fortune, she was a beggar." His whole aspect changed. For a few minutes he seemed as if he were about to sink into insensibility. Then he rallied and became more animated, and his power of speech came back to him. You desire me," he began, then pulsed. "You would like me to make a will ?' "Yea," she said, ardently, "Yen, yes." "Raise me. No, not you,'' he cried, shrinking away as if lie loathed her very touch. "Fridge," he called feebly. " Fridge!" Miriam had completely for- gotten Fridge's very existence, and the very fact seemed to kindle her wrath. But she had a powerful motive in keeping on terms of peace with the nurse, and said, quietly to her, "Mrs. Fridge, assist my father to rise."

" Yes, miss," said the woman, coming from the door and raising the Khan. She or- ranged the pillows so that be might sit in an upright position. -"I want to make my will," he said, "and ' you two can affix your signatures to it. Give me paper, pen, and ink, Pridge." The note brought the requisite articles, standing alert and attentive by her patient's side.

s—. "I, Malcolm Trafford Khan," he wrote laboriously, "being sound of mind, though partly paralysed, but capable of man-aging my own affairs, do hereby will and bequeath the whole of my treasure of which I die pos- sessed to—" .

There was a ‘piteful gleam In his eye% and Miriam's trembling tongue and dry lips said hoarsely: "Go on—write—write." " Berpeth the whole of my treasure of which I die posAessed to be equally divided between " again be repeated that spite- ful glance, and Miriam's heart seemed to cease beating while she listened. "Aide Morant and Michael Lawson. Wit- ness my signature, you two." And he signed his name in a somewhat straggling hand and affixed the date.

" And you expect me to witness my own undoing? I will do nothing of the kind,' said Miriam, in a fury of rage. "My meaning is clear as crystal. This —" striking the paper, "is my last will and testament. Mrs. Pridge," said he authoritatively, "be good enough to sign it." "If she dare," cried Miriam, pushing the nurse from the bed. "Leave the room at once. My father is insane, and is not respon- sible for what he has written."

- Miriam paced to and fro, every nerve in her body shaking with excitement and fury. "Fetch Miss Morant," commanded tho Khan. _

" expostulated the nurse. "Fetch Muct Morant," reiterated the Khan,

in a ;Mee against which there was no con- tending. Juat then Miriam caught sight of her own face in the mirror. Could that terrible face be hers? Were those sunken burning eyes hers, or the reflection of some other woman? If so, anything might happon now? Yet she hardly hitd the courage to ask herself what would happen if she and the Khan were once left alone. Miriam did not obstruct the nurse's departure, and Simard whispered when she joined him. "Thing Mademoiselle Morant, the doctor, and those ladies and gentlemen who are he- tow. Say nothing of the dead man. Be wise, and your reward is assured." With a nod of intelligence, Mrs. Pridge crept down the steep and narrow stairs, leav- ing Simard to watch alone. " Thus have I fallen," thought Miriam. "I have forfeited my own respect and shall lie at the mercy of those I despise. Michael Lawson triumphs, Aide will pity, and I de- test compassion." Tier thoughts were very bitter, her proud nature was crushed, for she was the sport of evil fortune, her fierce and stormy passions had brought her ruin. The very thought of exposure filled her with a sense of intolerable shame and despair. She was defeated, or seemingly no, and she took her defeat with impious defiance. She had never felt so much alone, for even Ibulrigues had deserted her, and his desertion had pierced the ar- mour of her pride, and deeply wounded her vanity. There was not a liNing man or woman who would defend her reputation from the slanderous tongues of the world. There was but one way left for her, and that was to quiet the stern tongue, the pitiless lips of Trafford Khan. She would risk it, she would do the deep at any cost. Simard understood the warfare going on in the woman's mind, and was prepared for the prevention of a crime. his hand grasped the curtain ready to enter the rrartment at any moment. Miriam was at the bedside, the Khan dozed quietly. She bent over 'him and drew stealthily from her pocket a small phial. Simard started, his breath came short and sharp, for the phial was of the same make as that which he had taken from Law- Imo .;,:y.-w,P4P7do'h,heey4.u,ilgal7. The 1. flue mirror opposite to the bed the woman's deadly intention, and with an effort raised himself in the bed. "Murderess!" he hissed.

Miriam thrust the evidence of her guilt into the bodice of her dress. "You are mad, my denr father," she mid.

"No father of yours," he cried. "He raves." She stretched across the bed, snatching at the paper in his hand. But he prevented her, holding her at bay and shout- ing at her in a language unknown to Simard. "Destroy that will," she pleaded. "Certainly not," said the Khan, firmly. "Yon are merciless," she spoke as one pos sensed and with • fierce gesture, dragged a pillow from under his head, pressing it hard down on his fay,

Instantly Simard came to the rescue and snatching the pillow away, forced the struggling Miriam into a chair. "Excuse me. Mademotaelle. but I suit

terfere. Trifford Khan, we are not exactly strangers. I was formerly Rafael Simeon, of the Paris Bureau de Police, I am," stand- ing very erect, "Rafael Simard, retirud. I his lady WU very busy killing you with kindness. Ladies are no affectionate. Betas." "Are you for me?" said the Khan, in an almost inaudible voice.

"Entirely." "You are still the same grotesque little Frenchman an ever," broke in Miriam. titmard admired presence of mind and cool self-possession in any form appealed to him. "Mademoiselle Trafford, consider me your good angel," he said. "Take that woman away and come here," commanded the sick man. "Yes, I recollect you." .4r Simard, on closer inspection, saw the paralytic stroke had malformed the Khan's face, his mouth was drawn on one side, no wonder he had not recognised the handsome man he had met at the I'ersian Court. "Take that woman aunty," he repeated. "Father," said Miriam, affectionately. "I have told you again and again I am no father of yours," he shouted. "You see, sir, his memory. has gone." "I do not think so, Mademoiselle. You had better yield gracefully, he whispered— "for the game is up." Simard's eyes were on the hand hidden in the bodice of her dress. By her appearance none could guess the agony of her humilia- tion. She looked around for some means of escape but there was none, for at the door stood the nurse, and behind her those she dreaded to see most. Dazed, she rose, she could not oven think collectedly as the party filed into the circular apartment. "I cannot cheat fate, but I can defy them," she murmured, awl her fingers closed on the phial containing the poilion. Simard's eyes never quitted the movement of her hand. She was left to her own devices and she stood alone, a for»lorn and desperate woman defying the world. Aide knelt down by the bedside. She was crying softly, and the old man stroked her hay gently. Michael, you have returned," he said "I knew you would. I am glad. Who is that?" shading his eyes. "The Princess Kolakoweki. I thank my God." Raising himself, he looked at the others. "And these gentlemen?" he asked. "These are Mr. Rlandford, Captain Chin- nory, Dr. Orme," answered Lawson. The Khan waa slipping back, but Michael placed his arm beneath the old man's head and supported him, while the nurse and Dr. Orme adjusted the pillows for his comfort. Then the doctor turned and looked with astonishment at Miriam Trafford. . . . .

"Miriam." he exclaimed. He spoke in a voice modulated so as to reach her earn only. "Horace." she murmured. "Is it really you?" " A strange meeting this, after all the yearn of our separation," said he, in strained tones of suppression. Their eyes met, and she lowered hers, abashed. .

" The Khan requires attention." "There is no danger at pre,ent. Why did you never answer my letters?" She made no response, but continued star- ing at him dully. Were they neglected, thrown into the fire because I was poor?" he asked. She strove to rouse herself, but again lowered her eyes. He sighed, laughing scornfully. "Wealth and poverty are not fitting mates. Is that your reason for not writ- No—no--you are unjust, you quitted Persia, without saying good-bye." "Cruel necessity, I was poor, I had no prospects, and--" "Now I am poor." " You! Incredible," he regarded her blankly. She clasped her hands nervously and gaxed thoughtfully into the mirror. He looked at her with an expression, half reproachful, half tender, then moved back to the bedside. Presently he again ap- proached her, glancing at those talking in whispers by the bed. " you are married," she said. . . . .

"11.;m-‘1;oC"nik;;;Ted. I -;;;;.er loved but one woman in my life, the woman who re- jected my love. I wan a fool, living in a lotus land of delightful dreams. liens-ens! The memory thrills me despite the yearn that have passed. But why speak of all that?" " And you would have loved always?" " Yes, always." "You would never have ceased to care?" "Never." " You would have shielded me, even if I had sinned?" _ . _

" Aye, even if you had sinned." 'And I have lost this man ! It is too late to repent," she cried in a sudden revulsion of feeling. "I wish you all to listen." It was the feeble, yet distinct voice of the Khan, and they gathered about the bed in breathless, anxious silence.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A MYSTERY OF MAYFAIR,

BY JOHN STRANGE WINTER.

CHAPTER ERNI.

THZ KHAN. A woman's piercing scream awoke tb• echoes of the silent house. Parlotte, casting caution aside, rushed in the direction of the sound, Gretchen and the Princess, terrified teyond endurance, follow. ing closely. Chinnery, when he saw tfie ladies, con- siderately threw his top coat over the re- mains of Roiriguez and met them half way on the staircase.

Grovelling and shaking in the grasp of Simard was Mrs. Pridge. She wept and was abusive by turns. "Let me go, let me vgo." The woman wrenched herself free, and stretched her arms warding off his approach, but when the ladies appeared in the corridor, she rose and remained covertly watchful. • • • "

Lawson and the doctor now joined the ex- cited group, and Captain Chinnery. "Skull fractured, spine broken, death in- stantaneous. How did the accident hap- pen?" asked the doctor.

"I will explain everything at the inquest." The medical man said curtly, "Don't re- move the body; it must be seen by the police as it it now."

luite no," said Simard. "Please remain In this ante-room for a abort space. Your aervices may be further required. Mr.. Pridge, you have taken part in an infamous conspiracy. If you have no wish to undergo • long term of imprisonment, you will reveal where Trafford Khan is confined."

" The Khan is dead," she declared, impu- dently. "Nonsense," said Simard quietly. "He was In Paris face months ago. At this the woman's fortitude deserted her, and she burst into tears.

"It's Miss Trafford's fault. It in indeed, sir. My child is weakly, and I could not pro- vide proper nourishment, and country air, and so," sobbing, ^the young lady tempted me. I have always been kind and attentive to the Elmo, and when his insanity abated he became quite rational. And I own it, sir, I connived at the trip to France. Pray, sir, do not betray me, for Miss Trafford is that vindietive, she'd ruin me, and prevent me from ever getting another situation," Mn. Fridge declared.

"Well, well, if you don't want the police 1, be sent for at once, tell me where is the Ellen."

-----ietort wan on the nurse's tongue, but she repressed her aggressiveness, and became ser- vile and meek. There evidentlyezisted a doubt In her mind, and Simard said, "I promise that no harm shall befall you. That is if you obey me." "Do you think after what's eome and gone, I'd risk Miss Trafford's anger?" "Yotl, have my promise." "Promises are like pie-crusts, made only to be broken," she retorted.

"Very well, then lot us have the police in at once," said he firmly. "Think of your suffering child." Mrs. Pridge cried behind her apron, but did not reply. "If I guarantee you a permanent situation, what then?"

"I'll do anything for that," said she ex- citedly. "I've had charge of the Khan ever since hie stroke. I've been a faithful nurse," she whimpered. "He wan very trying during his mad fits, but, sir, I was never unkind or cruel, it ain't in my nature, though I pre- tended harshness when Miss Morant was in your garden. I pitied her, sir. Miss Traf- ford ain'twbeen at all the thing since her fright. She thought she seen a ghost and fainted right off, but it wan really the Khan she saw from the window. He would go in the grounds, and I'm to blame for taking him. I had /4 rare job getting thh old gentleman away, but I succeeded, and Miss Trafford was none the wiser. It wan an excursion which I did not repeat." "You shall be handsomely rewarded if you conduct me to the Khan." She murmured her gratitude, and became confidentially communicative. "Shall he remain in my charge till the end?"

--";The end !" ejaculated Simard. "What do you mean?" "He cannot last more than a few months. Miss Trafford considers me dirt under her feet, but the Khan he treats me properly," she said garrulously, and wiping her eyes with the corner of ber-vpron. _ _

"Do not delay," said 'Simard sternly. "In few minutes we must send for the police and explain the accident." "You won't punish me, sir," she implored.

"No, no. You shall have all and more than the consideration you deserve. I do not break lily promises. Think—money and a good situation." 'Come then, sir, I'll show you to the Khan's room." Simard rubbed his hands and chuckled. As he traversed a spacious apartment in which rare tapestries and trophies hung from the walls, richly uptiolstered chairs and tables were scattered about, and whose oriental covers had come from the looms of Persia and were of priceless value. Huge peacocks wrought in gold thread, their tails outspread, were prominent features of the decorations. Simard saw the splendour and even he soar. celled at the wealth and beauty displayed on the ceiling and the earved pillars that met his gaze. The gleam of mirrors and delicate glass. flashed in various directions, and he was enraptured at the concentrated mass of splendour. Mrs. Pridge unbolted a door embedded within the depth of a moorish arch, through which they walked into total darkness. They .c.wipeth t.eh ele omedn g to be boef filled with curious twists ztittes, and turns. The distance seemed intermin- able. Another and smaller door man un- bolted, then they were faced by a steep flight of wooden steps by which the two began to ascend. They were outside the cupola. Fin- ger on lip, Mrs. l'ridge entered, leaving the door ajar. Simard stationed himself behind the arras where he could see, hear, and wit- ness the scene that was being enacted. Miriam was talking earnestly to a white. haired old man lying on the bed, though he was fully dressed. " That the Khan?" thought Simard. "Im- possible ! I've been fooled."

===== 0002601_19110701_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER %EMIL CLEARING TEI WAY.

The interior of the cupola wee hung with purple cloth, adorned by cabalistic signs em- broidered in many colours around an im- mense sun, also embroidered in gold. The effect was mystical and symbolic of a faith of which Simard had but little knowledge. In appearance Miriam Trafford was harassed, feverish, exhausted and dismayed. Her scheming had proved abortive, and the prospect of inhenting,her step-father's wealth was as far off as it hint been at the beginning. She had sinned, plotted and planned Uk vain. Rodriguez, no longer her slave or abettor, had positively refused to surrender the dia- mond necklace stolen from Simard, and he had treacherously secured her portion of the chart, the key which unravelled the mazy undegground passages leading to the Temple of the Golden Sun. Rodriguez's price for restitution was an immediate maeriage. But Miriam was not to be moved from their origi- nal' compact. His proposals she had re- jected with scorn, she was not to be intimi- dated by his threats or cajoled by his inside- one flattery. After • violent quarrel they had separated for ever, and Rodriguez had been actually considering the advisability of absconding with the jewels, when Simard had come upon the scene. As Simard stood there he saw Miriam place before the old man • partlji-printed partly-written docu- ment, which she urged him to sign. He ro- tund the no she offered sad shook Isis head

===== 0002601_19110701_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXXII,. THE KHAN'S STORY.

Miriam sat apart. "You may be wondering why I am lying here in this out of the way chamber," be- gan Trafford Khan in a quiet collected voice, "when you imagined that I was already in that sleep from which there is no awaken- ing? I will tell you. Illness struck me down without warning. I must have fallen in a comatose condition, for the doctor pro- nounced me dead. Preparations were made for my funeral. is he had been in daily attendance on me for weeks previously, there was no question of an inquest and so I, a liv- ing man, was placed in my coffin. You can imagine my horror when the trance ended and I came to myself, shivering and famished but with all my faculties about me. I was in the act of rising from my coffin, when Miriam came in and immediately pro- cured food and wine.

For purposes of her own, she kept my re- vival a dead secret from everyone. My old friend, Prince Kolakowski had died a few hours previously." The Princess seized the Khan's hand, her eyes filling with tears.

- 'You thought, Princess," he continued, "that your husband had been condemned to Siberia, and that he wan labouring in the mines, but such was not the case. After an, important interview with the Czar noon the certain much needed reforms which be strenuously advocated, he was waylaid and brutally disfigured." "Holy mother," exclaimed the Princess, "disfigured! How?" " His enemies could not alienate the Em- peror from his faithful minister, and no to prevent an exposure of their misdeeds, they contrived to throw a bomb filled with a cor- rosive fluid in his face, and when he pre- aented himself at my residence asking for protection, which I gladly gave, he took a vow that never again should man or woman look upon his scarred and injured face. Under the same roof we lived, a bond of friendship existing between us which nothing could sever. The shock of his sudden death was, I believe, the cause of the catalepsy which followed by paralysis, which seized upon me. I was prostrated by grief. I (mind later, on partially recovering, that un- known to me, Miriam had had the body of Prince Kolskowski placed in my coffin and the lid immediately screwed down, and to rave explanations at • time when she wan distracted, he was buried under my name. On the evening of the funeral, the mansion was locked up iyul, so far as the outer world was concerned: was apparently deserted. Mrs. Pridge, huuever, remained, and Miriam

===== 0002601_19110701_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THOUSANDS HAVE

Thousands have kidney trouble and don't hum it, because it comes on so quietly. To all appearances the patient may be in good health except for an occasional backache and a heavy, drowsy feeling. But before the disease is much farther advanced there are sharp, shooting pains in the loins and back ; the water is cloudy and gravelly ; the patient may have to keep getting up in the night to relieve the bladder, or there I may be distress in seeking relief, and partial stoppage—then the limbs begin to swell with wet, r (dropsy), the heart seems affecuxl, the hands and feet are chilly ; there may be rheumatism or lumbago. The only hope of euccrsaful treatment is to commence before the kidneys become seriously inrolred. A thorough course of Doan's Back- ache Kidsey Pills should be taken to relieve inflammation and congestion of Coe kidneys, and to restore the natural action of the kidnesa and I blnddor. Thin medicine acts quickly and directly upon the kidneys, promoting a free flow by which the poisonous impurities are flushed out of the system.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
DO,

.13111TINI autnority over toe sea my estate. At intervals I believe I was quite mad. Nevertheless, by careful nursing and atten- tion, I weathered the storm, and asked for hfiehsel. Ile had disappeared. After this I found myself a lonely old man, •irtually • prisoner in my own house. But to go back. When I fled from Persia, one of my chiefs anxieties was to con- trive how the Princess could be conveyed from the country. Her life was in jeopardy and I enlisted the sympathy of a Russian exile and his wife, who undertook to convey her to a• safe asylum in Paris. When in- sanity left me. my first thoughts were of her.l

how I have wronged you," cried the Princess, pressing the old man's withered hand._

y good nurse assisted me. and together we visited Paris. You were not, however, at the hotel, and I had no other clue. I had been certified dead and had been legally buried, I did not feel inclined or able to face the fuss and worry of a great public scandal which would inevitably have followed on publicity. I determined, therefore, to bide my time and to allow events to shape them- cell'Prinfortunately. I did not quit this life quickly enciegh for Miriam, who had always passed no my daughter, though in Grath ehe Is no kin of mine. She desired to get pos- session of all my wealth, my wealth and also that of Madame Kolakowski. Fate, however, is too strong for most of on, even the most unserupuloim, and your presence here to- night is plain proof of this. My. accumu- lated wealth and yours, Princess, is stored in the Temple of the Golden Sun. I am a worshipper of the great power which lights and warms the universe. But alas! I have forgotten, memory will not serve, awl I can- not now direct you to the exact spot, for the chart which I sketched is lost."

" This is insanity, the ravings of a dis- eased mind," expoetulated Miriam. 'Doctor," said the Khan. "You have never seen me before. You are an unbiamed witness. Do you consider me in my right senses?" _

... " Most decidedly so," rerlicd Doctor Orme.

Is my pulse beating wildly?" "No, your pulse is normal." " Will this f-sgment amid you?" put is Michael Lawson at this point. "And this?" And Chinnery produced the paper that had fallen from the dead body of Leon Rodriguez. The torn pieces were joined, and the Khan's face litened with momentary satisfaction,

"I do not know and wfll not ask now bow these fragments came to be parted or how they came into your possession. The treasure is as good as found!' . . .

" And when found to whom does it 'A- lone" stsked Simard. •

--'rTo the Prirr.icess-Kolekowski and her son Ivan, reared as my ward, thus protecting Lim from his father's deadly enemies." " One question," said the young man who must now be known as Ivan, Prince Kola- kowski, eagerly, "Is Aide my sister?" "No, emphatically no," the Khan replied. "Who is responsible for such an infamous falsehood?" . _

Ivan generously remained silent. The Khan continued: "Your sister is living with her grandmother, the old Princess Kolakow- ski, in Moscow." "Thanks be to God for all his mercies," ejaculated the Princess, her mother's heart filled to overflowing gratitude. Ivan sprang from his mother's side and clasped Aide in his arms, rapturously kissing her on either cheek. She was at last his own Aide, his darling, his cherished idol. She, like himself, had been a victim of the men- dacity of Miriam Leonard. Aide stole from her lover's embrace, and wound her arms round the unhappy Miriam's neck. She vas terrified at the pallor on her face, and the hooted expression in her eyes. "Miriam dear, I forgive you. We have lived toff etketr. shared mane Dleillatlre.. end

if we have quarrellea at tltnea. I Co Hot trot

lot Miriam was not to be moved even by tile..girre gently words.

-Th havr schemed," at said bitterly.... "and—failed! Shall I live to be a pensioner on your bounty. you whom I have always despised from the lowest depths of my heart? Live to lie witness of your happiness. a I:v. lag proof of the reward of virtue. Rah, the prospect is sickening. Death is a thousand times preferable. Good-bye, all of you!" Simard sprang forward, but he was too late. As her shrill laugh rang out she had swal- lowed the readmits of the .tiny phial—a moment later Miriam Leonard was dead! There in little more left to tell—the Prin- cess had found her children, Michael had found his mother and his love. Rafael Simard bad won his wife, while to Trafford Khan, after a strange and stormy life, had come a brief spell of love and peace.

F-- r, ,__\:.,,A. .•/\v, ~,

===== 0002601_19110701_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Coronation and After.—The Coronation and accompenying festivities to which the nation had so long been looking forwa;d, have come and gone, happily with DO untoward incident to mar the historic event. The weather, it in tree, was a little unkind and din- appointing—Queen Victoria, on the ore nion of her I public app aiancee, invariably had flue weather, and " Queen's Weather " came to be looked for whenever she went among her people. King Edward, however. seldom had the same good fortune, no by the law of averages one would look for " K logs Weather "to favour the present reign. 'lbis is the more to be &aired, because their Majesties have still many import- ant public engagements to fulfil before they can look forward to the rest and quiet of the autumn holidays. This week the King and Queen have been busily engaged In attending a succession of social aril public

engagements in London. Then there is the forth- coming Royal visit to Ireland, which will occupy the greater part of the 81 oond week of July, and after that, their Majesties visit Wales, the principal event being the Investiture of the Prince of Wales, at Cameroon Castle on July 13th. Subsequently there will be the Royal emit to Scotland. It is to be hoped that the police precautions end regulations will balms overdone on these several oconeions than they were in London for the Coronatitn prooemions. The rent raint,however necemary it may have been in the intermits of public safety, checked the epoirtaneons enthusiasm of the populace, which is everything oil such occasion,. The occupants of the stands mostly belonged to • clue rammed in its manners, and among the crowds that know on embarresarnent inn demonetration of popular feeling, there were herdiy sullicient numbers to give effect to the inert-moving, enthutialtic welcome of • l'hLondon ien te'. Crowds.—The Home Secret•ry in pro Whiting mriel nevigation in the county of London on the dajs of the Coronation procereion, could have quoted precedent to jurnify his ^aloe. There were no flying machines when Queen Victoria rem crowned, bat there were balloons, and also lady reronatits Whilst the Coronation WIN in pro green in 1838, a Mrs. Graham made an ascent front Hyde Park, and in coming down, them dislodged from a building, souping atone, which la falling caused fatal injuries toe passer by. Happily the great Coronation ceremonial last week was singularly free from serious street accidents. The British public en • role, is rather disposed to resent dictatorial method., whir her in large or small affairs, but a London crowd is always orderly and good tempered, even though the police adopt tire role of the sutocratio stage manager, as they did in all the

---1;;;;7;a—liouseliold Linen.—The soppily of paper drinking cupe to the Coronation crowds, reminds one to what an extent paper may be need for our table appoint- ments. For picnics we have long been familiar with paper serviettes, end there are now to be bought afternoon tea cloths of floe crepe piper, with deep open work lace edging, which loan quite as well no the best table linen. So do the small luncheon cloths, and the trey cloths, of higoly glazed paptr, with a deep border of Teoeriffe open work, most perfectly imitated and finished. The table napkine equal in appearance the beat linen,from which it is dielcult to distinguish them. For children.' parties there are delightful little napkins with coloured dmigna, illustrating a nortery rhyme, all the colours befog fast and imper•ioos to damp. There are also paper feeding bibs, paper handkerchiefs and paper towels. Thus is many ways it is possible to curtail the weekly laundry bill, or make the family witzhing day a in., sosp-suddy affsir than Lord kosebery recently pictured in his amusing constitu- tional simile.

Blouses and lee—Many of the lingerie blouses of embroidered lawn have nip collars, a narrow piece of black velvet fastened by n buckle or tibbfashioned I broor h, taking their place. That this fashion 'optima a pretty neck goes without any ing. Some of the blouree of English embroidery are worn over a plain slip of paleat pink ninon, and thin gives a soft effect to the ernbrcidery greatly improving it. In many blouses the colour schemes are altogether daring, and shades formerly held to be impoesible in combination are harmoniously brought together by the skill of the designer. oiled blouses are still popular, and Many dainty devices decorate the more expensive garments, tiny buttons being effectively used with embroideries in SOMS Of these. For morn log near, the spun silk shirt with Puritan collar in generally becoming, and very smart. Ties of harrow velvet edged with satin floaters are • novelty for wearing with shirts, no WS lengths of narrow Irish crochet insertion (one inch in width) that are worn with turn-down linen collars, the ends being finished with fine fringe, or crochet pendents or these ties are crossed on the corsage, and held in plan by small rose., a wreath of the same flowers decorating the ends. Pretty Wraps.—Little coats and boleros will be very fashionable for some time to come, and designers hove gone to the directoire and empire periods for inspira- tion for these dainty confections which suit all bat the really stout. They are, as a rule, without seam, bare big revers or sailor colter', or fluffy jabots MO worn with them. A feature of these coats is the some- times funny little beauties, now consisting of • short, afanty frillhotl then cut like bird's tail. Occasionally these coats take the place of bodies. Whets separated they make useful wraps.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. J. H. Meta

The Rev. J. 11. Relette, of llaydock (formerly a member of the Warrington lleard of (.tuardians) Oasd his ministry there last Sunday. For the last twenty years he has been building up a Congrega- tional Church on institutional lines in the niidst of a working clans community. The church and school premiers, which coat over 1:9,0011, acre erected by the late Mina Ruth Evans, whose purpote was that they should become a centre of social and educational as well as religious activities, and she selected Mr. Ridette to carry out her ideals. The Evans Trotter's have put on recmd their appreciation of Mr. Ridette's services, and WO making hint a presentation. The church and its allied institutions have given him a purse of gold end a framed illuminated address. The Rev. G. E. Cheeseman, of Iftiyton, who is one of the Evans Tnnsteern, has accepted the position of honorary pastor during the vacancy.

DON'T KNOW IT

Interview with a

WARRINGTON Man. Ar..l. Price lit, nt 11, Queen-street, Warring- ... Ile oats:—, Four year. ago I bad an awful attsck of lumbago. I got up one morning In terrible pain, I could scarcely get out of bed and dress myself, and the effort to get to work caused me to perspire; such agony wan I in. The werk teas on was not heavy, but it took me half-an-hour what I should have done In tire minutes; the torture was almost unbearable. The overseer asked what wee wrong with me and wheat told hint he said I was not to wink in that state. "My sews were all tight, and the shoulder,. too, It 1 Itid no 1161. in the

lower pert or my holy, my lyy. bolng powertem. The kidney excretion, were . . _

meters!, and scalded. I got shout with two 'eks, and a neighboorseeing me and asking what •i he matter, said " If you do as I tell you, .11 get off those suck. i nsvciy short Li.. A! Ad. iOB an. to try I hisn's backache kidney pills, so my son Went for a hox. I had not taken many donee of the. before I conld do without the stinks, and within week I started work again. " Since then rye never heon without Porn's pil' ls and I've never hod any trouble with my back. (Signed) 3osseit Nos I y I years later Mr. P. ice said :—" I am pleased to any I have never had any return of the pains sines I used Doan'. pills ; 2/9 a box, six boxes 13/9. One size only ; never sold loose. nf all Chemists and stores, or from Poster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells St., Oxford St., Lon.lon, It'. Don't ask for backache or kidney Pills—ask distinctly for DOAN'S Backache Kidney pills, the caw as Mr. Price hart.

LLS

===== 0002601_19110701_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
APPLETON RIFLE CLUB.

The monthly Competition, for June took place on the Club's Seep at Appleton on Saturdey last, end the preceding Thurrhy. The latter dale being Coroustion Day, few members tamed op, and thp Saturday was very wet—this feet also affecting the attendence ens. siderably. However, those present enjoyed the niter. noon's sport, under cover of Ihe Pavilion. Sixteen entries were made in the two Competitions given below.

OPEN SW RIPSTA KEE COMPETITION. Eleven shots end • siehtine ehot, et the .1 hree-inch- bull largvt, •t 100 ye rdr. Possible a ire, 25. At the fleieh there tare three SCOrPS of 31, a •Me. Uiy I. handicapped one point, having lade the hat wore In thin Competition net month. Upon the vela of the ebots worked beck, the order was decided at under : A Fthepberd, 331° J (haat., 32; C 1' It ty, 31, division a Bret and mond prim ; V C Bowdon, 30; A Down, 28.

CLUE A 0 mac ATE COM PETITION. Ten shoto anti a sighting shot, at • decinini target, at 100 j•rde Possible wore, 100 :—C P Dry, 92, Bret prize ; A Shepherd, 87, beCOrli prize (decided on the grouping) ; F J Oroootr, 07; F C Boonton, At ; A ' Down, 89, not for competition. To facilitate progrese in the competitions, practising wee dieallowed, bat • one-inch-bull Wrist proved sufficient practice, and also created considerabls interest. A half-penny was charged for each shot, sod .venty-sigist tickets were sold, liales-e) es gem made by the following mamba." : —C P Day, two; and F J Orooott, F C Bersnion, Broody, Asilhepherd, nee each,

A pastel match take. place on July Ist,with Urmaton Hide Club. Ten decimal targets will be completed at the lOC yards mese. It is hoped Oust members desirorm of taking pill, will notify the hon. seoretary, and be at the Range at 3 o'clock.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
EAT AND GET THIN.

This is turning on old phrase face about, but modern meih, ds of reducing fat hare made this revision possible. If you are overfat and afro averse to physical exertion and likewise fond of the table sad still, want to reduce your excem flesh several pounds, do this : Go to your chemist and gee him 2. 9d. For this modrYt on,t net of money the chernint will pot you in the way of satisfying your ambi,ion for a nice, trim, slim figure. Ile will hand you a large ease of Marmots Prencription Tablets (compounded in accord- ance with the lemons kfarmola Prereription), one of which you must take after each meal and at bedtime until y u begin to km your fat at the rate of 12 to DS ounces a day. That is all. Just go on eating what you like ; leave exercising to the athletes, but take your litle tablet faithfully and without a doubt that flabby flesh will qu'ckly take onto itself wings, leaving behind it your natural self, neatly clothed 10 firm flesh and tram mandrel. kfarmola Prescription Tablets are sold by all chemists, price is. 9d., or sent post free on receipt of price by the %Irmola Company (Department. 23 0). 81i, Clerkenwell Hood, London, E.C.

RATING OF CHEMICAL WORKS. BRUNNER MOND'S APPEAL SETTLED.

At Chester Quarter Seealone on Monday, in connec- tion with the appeal of Messrs. Brunner, Mond, and Company against the &treatment of their works at Middlowich and Lostock O'Hare, Mr. Ralph Sutton, on behalf of the appellants, stated the tigureettad now been agreed upon. They were )--Middiewich £4,3ll:),rateable £2,1:170 ; Lostock Oralam £13,310, rateable ,C 9,000. He asked that the appeal should he allowed with costs. In aseenting to this, the chairman raid the magis- trates desired to expresa their thank., to Judge Mesa nod Mr. Cox for the attention they had devoted to the appeal. The cue lasted longer than they expectedoted the magistrates wets very much indebted to them. The Clerk of the Peace (Mr. Iteginald Potts) raid the case had lasted fifteen or sixteen days.

NEW CANADIAN COINAGE.

The official approval of the Royal Mint authorities in London of the deeign of the new Canadian live and ten dollar gold pima. Ma been obtained, and in the autumn the new coinage will be lamed from the branch of the Royal Mint at Ottawa. They will be in size and intrinsic value at the same as the American coins of like value, and sill proiably be accepted at par in the United States, this proving a great convenience to the Canadiana who now crone the border unprovided with American money. Practically the only gold coins in one in Canada at present are the American geld piece., and the number of these in circulation is surprisingly large. At the end of last year the Reosiver-General tor Canada held no leas than sixty-eight million dollars' worth, thus ahowing the large demand there I. for gold coinage in Canada

===== 0002601_19110701_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
ta DISTRICT PIENS il

Penketh.

A WAI KING D k PRISNKNTATION.—On Walking Dsy the prlacipals sad teachers of Sankey Sunday School made • presentation in the form of. fumed-oak writing desk to Mr. William Woods, no a recognition of his past service. He has been an active chutch corker for many years, holding the chief offices and successfully carrying out the many duties of each.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Stratton.

CORONATIoN FESTI V ITI NI.—AKI elaborate programme of feoti•ities had been arranged for Saturday, hut the rain fell so heavily that only the indoor events could be carried out. The children assembled at the schools at 12.30, whom each was presented with a medal, after wbich a children'a service was held in the church. In the afternoon a programme of sports was to take plane et Fir Tree House, by kind permission of Mr. and Mrs. Hewitt, but owing to rain it had to be ptetponed. An excelleet tea was provided, to which • good number of the parishioners vat down. Daring the afternoon selectiona were given by the Warrington Borough Bend

===== 0002601_19110701_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Croft.

CHRIsT CH I'IICH.—The anneal MM., on behalf o the Sunday reboot and choir fond, were preached in church on Sunday. The preacher. were Morning. the Rev. J. H. Banks., of St. Paurs,Warrington ; after- noon, the Rector (Rev. HI. Wadeson); and evening, the Rev. A.J. Brett, of Werrington. Special hymnn and the anthems," I will pour out My spirit " (Cuthbert Harr.) in the morning, His yoke is easy end his burden in light' (Handel) in the rifternoon, sod .Come, let us join our cheerful songs "(Churchill) in the even- log, were creditably rendered by the choir, Mr. T. Hurdue presiding at the organ. i.O collectices amounted to ..I0 12. a. :d.

CoRoS*TIoS FISTIVITI69.—OWIOR to the very wet day on Saturday, the sports were postponed, till to-day. The children and old folks partook of tea which was provided iu the Council School. Great preparations had been made and the weather proved a great disap- pointment. An effort was made at a procession hot It had to be given up. In the evening dancing took place in a marquee in the school meadow, and • concert was held in the school.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Preston Brook.

CORONA T lON DA T.—Tb• festivities in connection I with the Coronation of his Majesty, King George V., were belt on Coronation Day sad were of a varied and moat memorable nature, all the inhabitants of the village, old and young, being included In the scheraeof rejoicings. The committee were exceedingly fortunate in having a spacious shed, with fi •Id adjoining, placed , at their dieposal by the Ship Canal Compsny, through I the hind offices of Mr. F. J. Findley, the company's local agent, who was president of the celebtatione. The proceedings commenced at 2 p.m. with sports, the was, of a varied character for young and old, also a tug-of-war and sbot.putting events, being keenly con- ; tattled in friendly rivalry for prized to the value of about LIO. Spectel eventa provided for boat people, children sod adults, and Dish farm labourer., eve much ratification end enjoyment.—At 3.30 &procession was marshalled sod after the children had been decorated with medals by Mrs. Earp and Miss Findley, they proceeded through the villsge, handed by the Anton and Preston Brook Band. Tea wee laid for 430 and as the children passed into the room commemorative cups were handed to them by Messrs. I'. J. Webb end W. Yates. Consider- ably over 500 people net down to tea.— The sports were resumed at six p.m., interspersed with Maypole dances by the children, accontpanied by the hoed, which also played sslections ou the held from ' time to time. At eight o'clock a successful musical entertainment wen gtven in a shed under the chair. of tne icwPresident, Mr. John Whitlow. At the clost of the entertainment Mrs. A. Broome dis- tribated the prises to the respective winners.— Dancing for the adults and game. for the children were then indulged in until shortly after the stroke of midnight, when the festivities concluded with the singing of the National Anthem. . .

At the ratepayers meeting, when the festivities were Snit mooted, it was agreed that a portion of the expenses should be pot upon the rates. Inch call not to exceed 2d. in the E. So liberally, however, have the residents contributed, and thanks to assent] generous donations from gentlemen and firms IntereetetT in the township, the treasurer and secretary have every hope rf being able to meet the liabilities without encroach- ing upon the rates fore single penny.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY AT PENKETH.

Those who held the view that Walking Day would be a failure this year having two days' celebrations together, must have felt a relief to see the remarkable success of Friday's programme last week. Teachers, and others responsible,were about early preparing for the day's events. The children looked none the worse for Coronation day. The church party formed up at Sankey at one o'clock with the Great Sankey scholars and met the Mission scholars in the village (Penketh) headed by Preston Brook Band, The Rev. J. R. Jones, M.A. with his teachers and workers followed, the route being through the village to Hood-lane, Sankey, Liverpool-road to the vicarage field, where sports, &c. were enjoyed, tea being served in the Great Sankey Sunday School, by the teachers and workers. . .

The 'Wesleyan teachers, scholars and workers, formed their procession by the chapel, headed by the Penketh Tannery Band at 2 o'clock, taking Warrington-road, Heath- road, Greystone-road, through Mrs. Dodds' drive, and then via Station-road to Penketh Lodge where a halt was made and refreshments were served by Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Parker. Our photo shows the happy faces of the youngsters enjoying the lemonade. Afterwards the procession went to the Sunday school and tea WAS served by the teachers, to whoa' great praise is dm . Tea over, young and old alike made their way to the recreation ground where there were sports arranged by the Men's Bible Class (who supply the prizes for those over the age of seven years.) The prizes for the young children are given by Mrs. Dodds. The prizes were subsequently given out at the school by Mrs. Pye, and on going home each scholar, teacher and worker received a bag of sweets &c.

Lamb Brook, on the 23rd inet. to which the fire brigade I were summoned. The fire occurred in the roof of the bowie, the brigede experiencing great difficulty in getting le the seat of the fire through the hose pipe having to be taken right through the hotrae. Although there were only two of the brigade available at the time,valitsble aseistance was rendered by three civilians, including a member of the committee. The brigade were occupied for three hours. lie suggested they should make • claim of .E 3 which would include • honorarium for the men who had rendered natistance, tie would further like to suggest that the Clerk should ' ripply to the Cheshire C runty Police Authorities for permirodon to erect a tire bell on the new Police Station when it was erected. The Surveyor and he had inspected a number of places but Do Imitable place was found where the bell could be erected.

Both the suggestions were adopted. LYMM. Co!. fI6,:ATIONAL SFR VI, it This meeting meeting wan held r.n Monday evening in the school vestry, and RIM not quite no well attended as of late. Mr. James Hewitt gave an excellent addreev, his subject being" Jestin Christ. the Rock and Refuge of Life." Afr. Arthur Thomas presided.

OLD PEOPLE'S TREA r.—The Coronation festivities were brought to a successful close on Saturday evening, when '2.12 old people were entertained at the Drill Hall. A capital dipper was provided, consisting of beef, mutton, three vegetables, rice pudding, gooseberry tart, and afterwards smoker, were given some tobacco, and those not addicted to the fragrant weed were pre- sented with a boa of chocolate. Many of the guests were brought to the feast in carriages, and those who were unable through sicknese or any other infirmity , were made a substantial allowance. It was estimated that about to were unable to he present at the Drill Hall, an that Lymm would entertain about 280 in all. After tes an entertainment of a varied kind was pro- vided, Mrs. T. Wilson and Messm. Scott-Joint, Smith, Henry E. Gibboo, and Dr E. M. de Jong kindly giving their valuable services. The oldest man present was Mr. William Dyson, of Goensley, who formerly wan connected with the Goclthodge Factory at Warrington, and was born at Oldham. He is S years of age. The oldest lady present was 0! cc. Cherie. Woods, of Onghtrington. During the evening Mr. 0. CS. Smith, as chairman of the committee, gave all a hearty welcome, and Mr. T. J. Ridgway, who said hewn, proud to be a Lymro they, gave a short history of Llruns since the time of the Domesday Book.

LYMM URBAN COUNCIL The monthly meetlon of the Lymm Urban District Council mu held on Thursday evenins et the Town Hall. M. O. G. Smith presided, end there were also present :—Rev 0 13 Thurston, Messrs T Warburton, W Oontd, .1H Houle, F Lockyvr, W G Grovel, S Davies, W Mullard (clerk), D Mort (surveyor), Dr de Jonge (medical officer of health).

TiIt'FINANCES. Mt. F. Looker eubmitted the minutes of the Filson. Committee. He said the Haw. in the bank on the general account was £520 IN 6d, but after cheques drawn that night there op a deficit of E 127 16a 24. rho balan. ii, lb. bank on fee pa account was £706 616 d, and •fter cheques drawn that night £4662. Id.

„-- . THY M:ISANCI THOM ACROSS THR RIVER.” Mr. W. G. Grove., .eked the Surveyor if he bad done nor Meg with regsrd to ameliorating the awful smell which came from the worts of Gorton and Co. "acmes the river."

The S,rveyor mid that he bad visited the works that afternoon and he was told that • fn which was supposed to tske off the fumes from tbe &imitator, could not be worked because the belting attached bad hr ,ken and was now °oder repair. Rut the least they could do was to keep the machinery in order. Mr. Mull proposed that every strong letter be sent to the firm.

de—jongr They said distinctl3, when I slur them. that they would have it put right within • wok, and it *IOOW three cloys over. The Clerk All we have to do is to ask them to abate the nuisance. The machioery has nothing to do with os.

• Mr. Groves: if we era going to bare this nuisance every other week it is going to be great nuisance. Rev. G. B. Thurston : I think we ought to .eta time and If it M not altered by that time we will take action.

M. Moult : It seems es if they are playing with we. Mr. Groves: Oh yea. they are. Eventually Mr. Hoott moved that formal notice be sent calling upon them to abate the nuimmos. Mr Davies minonderd and this course was adopted.

On the motion of tbe Rev. tr. If. Taunton It sem resolvod that three guineas be I vela to the Warrington infirmary evory_year.

61111,1. its ZN THR. DISTRICT.

Dr. de longs reported that there were two came of nieeeles in Rosh Green.

4.: • ~.. i •.. - - • -, ,•, -, -4..,,, ,;.t.L.,- a ''' ~,. - -- 11,. -•- ,_• 4 , •:, ' t r,l .'" imilitowst .0. isnut".• ',•4„,..1 '• , ''• •., ............ toMme...imp.. • 1, • ~,. %.!..," I ... V , , "vl, Atilt , • ' . ',.. .o, .f iii ''"*"; .. . l'. - .if * 0• :. liVi , • _...... t i , .._ , . .. , A ... j, 4 ~r-, ..#•r. IA . re, f ' ~, 1, • .le -* : - '-** 41 '.- ' 43,,e5•?•f4' r ' .." . a . ~.... - , ),. 4, Ak tv• ~,r . , . - .. . _

Photo) [Clay. WESLEYAN SCHOLARS AND FRIENDS AT PENKETII LODGE.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Orford.

CORONATION BIRVICILA.—At St. Margret end All Hallow& Church on Sunday, epecial nerviest were held in commemoration of the Coronation. The lessons which were taken from the secession ewer. were read by the warden., Menus. .1. Swinton and C. Wood,. In the evening. instead of preaching • sermon, the Vicar (Rev. G. Vale Owen, read the account of the Coronation eervice from the special communion service es issued by the two Archbishop. At the end of this rending he called the attention of the congregstion to the wonderful beauty of the wording, so wonderfully beautifol indeed that it seemed alnioet beyond the unaided powers of men, and he had little deuut that it was inspired. Continuing he .aid he wished to make them clearly understand one thing. The queetion of the Diseetablishrnent of the Church in Wales and that in England went together, for they were hot two puts of one whole. Years ago he was almost, if not quite, • convert to Disestablishroent, for he had then felt it would be for the good of the nation. A. years rolled by, whether one grew wiser or no, one's opinion, came to be hued on wider information and •nperlen.. rod 1101011 g his experiencea were two Coronations. Ile wanted his hearers to understand that in cue of the Church being disestablished (for good or for evil one thing *as certain—there would not be any more Coronations. How could there Ire? Who was there to crown the King? No doubt there would be some great civic ceremony. But all the religious unction of kinship with the service of Holy Communion and the solemn anointing by God's high priest of the nation, with the solemn injunction!. the came of God to role Be people, would be gone. The Church once disestablished, all would be swept away, and there would be no Coronation nod anointing of the King to bin regal nod priestley No more of that for ever. Stockton Heath. PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.

A meeting of the above was held at the Hall Csfe, on Toeadsy eveoing. M. G Pilling occupied the choir and there were al. present :—Afesers J hfcDermid, .1 Whitley, W Mclntyre, C Hallows, .1 Hallows, H 1 Wood, G J Brown end F Rose with G F Aghton(olerit). DEPOSIT OF gunman IN SANDY-LANK.

..—.-...„ The Clerk said a letter had been sent to Mr. Egerton Warburton with regard to the owners of the property adjoining Sandy.lanedeposltlng rubbish of an insanitary moans In the said lase, ead he had received the follow- lug reply : Dear sir—l have written to Mr. Hughes about the nuisance but it is not as, of our tenants but outsiders who deposit this rubbish. The Clerk also read a further letter he had recaived from Mr. Egerton Warburton in which be stated that he would heobliged lithe Council would erect a notice. It wee unanimously decided to erect a notice board warning intabitents against the deposit of robbish in that place. ONDITION OF TAR MACADAM ROADS. A letter was read from Mr. Robert Garnett, private , street works surveyor to the Council, in which he stated that he ha] inspected the streets in accordance with , the instroctione of the committee end found that they showed signs of the tar macadam being affected by the eon. lie hal also noticed holes in several street, from wheels end that the oil and tar was gravitating towards the channel . Where that had tykes place it bad lost it. binding and waterproof qm.lity. Ile bad written the contractor on the flatter eating for en interview. It was decieed to leave the matter over until after the interview. THE SEWER AT TWENTY The Clerk also real a letter from the Manchester Ship Canal Co., who bad approached the committee to bear one half of the expense of constr. ting a ones pit on the line of sewer, before it reached the twenty step bridge syphon, for the purposes of catching the debris which might get into the sewer. The committee haring referred to the egreement between the District Council and the Ship Canal Co., of the sth Slay, ISOI, reconi- mended that the Canal Co leo the syphon in proper repair and working order. The COOMITRIAP, however, could not see their way to bear a portico of the le:pewee of such • construction, lilt if the Canal Co erected ooe the committee would raise no objection provided that it be taken AT a portion of the works constructed uader the terrus of the agreement.

FIRE At _I.UMII BR001:

11,. Mclntyre, the chsirroso of (be Fire Appliance. ^-oraraittee,taid that fire had occurred. Itrook nous*,

===== 0002601_19110701_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

ARCHDEACON WOOD LEAVING RUNCORN. The Bishop of Cheater has offered the living of Bowden, which shortly will become vacant by the retirement of the Rev. Canon Gore, ta the Venerable Archdeacon Maitland Wood, vicar of Ituncotn, and it hss been acoepted by him. The net value of the living of Bowden Is less than is commonly supposed—namely, £5OO or £6OO, with house. WIDNES OLD FOLKS.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
LAST OF THE CORONATION FESTIVITIES.

A record muster of the old folks of Widnes, nnmbeir- Mg 850, took part in the last of the Coronetion celebrations on Tuesday, when they were entertained to tea by the Mayor and Corporation. The spacious Drill Hall wee oily decorated, nod roads to look exceedingly comfortable. After a subetantial tea the women were presented with tea and the men with tobacco. A concert, over which the Mayor (Councillor F. Neil), presided, was given by local artistes, and highly eppreciated. The whole of the arrangements were carried out by the Old Folks' treat Committee, and passed off without a hitch.

WIDNES SHOP FIRE. THREE WOMEN RESCUED.

The Widnes Fire Brigade received early on Sunday morning a call to a shop Ore in Ann-street West, Widnes. Tbie an their third call within a fortnight. The alarm had been given by a passer-by, who shortly after nee o'clock bad noticed enrole issuing from the drapery shop of Elias Cullen. The flee had started chiefly st the rear of the premises. The occupants were aroused, but it WWI found impoesible to get them Oct with safety except by means o I ladder. Mrs. Cullen and her daughter were rescued through the front bedroom window amid drizzling rain. Tbe woman wko kept a chip busingu nest door VMS alto rescued in the same fashion.

An adequate supply of water being obtainable, the firemen's efforts were soon rewarded, and the lire was got under. Considerable damage was done to the furniture sod the shop's contents both by fire and water.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
DEAD MAN INVOLVED IN CASE.

At the Runcorn Sessions,o itiondsy, Ernest William Molyneux Tilley, licens. of the Old Bridgewater Arms 'l,rp Locks, uns summoned for permitting drunkenness on his licensed premixes on the 15th inst. „. . . „. .

Mr. W. H. durton-,-Of (171:es-te7:p.ro—rec- nted for the pollee, and said that on June 13th, at a quarter to nine o'clock, a mu named Thomu Owens went into the house of the defendant. He had previously been in the company of two men named Walker and Brett. Walker waited for hint and submitted that Owens remained in the house for an tour, and that when he came out Owens wu drunk. A sad feature of the case was that Owens, who had been employed ass night watchman on a vessel, was drowned Oh hi. way to his ship. The Defendant said the n:an was pit-fleetly sober when he came to the house and perfectly sober when he left. After further evidence the bench dismissed the "WO.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

REMARKABLE SUICIDE CASE.

In the early hours of liCednes.lay morning Robert Taylor (44), of 2, Lord.streer, committed suicide in a remarkable manner. For some time Taylor has been in • depreeeed state as the result of illness, and early on Wednesday morning he gut up and, taking the glare covering a picture on the well, he cut his throat with It. Medical assistance wee soon forthooroing,but death took place shortly afterwards.

FOR WOUNDED SOLDIERS. VOLUNTARY AID IN WEST LANCASHIRE.

The Metallic.ld detachment of the Volontary Aid Movement, 000neoted with the West Lancashire Terri. torial Astroolotion, held • demonsttation in the ball- room at Glenwood Hall, Ashton, cm Saturday afternoon, and prizes were given by Mary lady Gerard. This detachment was the Bret to be formed in Lancashire, sad the two sections—Newt. and Ashton—are com- posed of prominent ladies in the two townships and members of the ambulsnce classes at local collieries. The ladies have puaed the preliminary examination, and the certificates were handed to them by Mary Lady Gerard, who, on behalf of the ladies, presented esch of the inatroctors—Dr. Watkins. of Karlestown, sod Dr. Joan, of Ashton—with a fountain pen and a Thermos flask.

Professor Harvey Gibson. Ihe h.. secretary of the movement in Went Lancashire, gave an address, and reported that the West Lancashire Territorial Memoir, lion had already oraanieed detachments in North Lomitale, Lanomter,Chorley, and Liverpool. The idea was to have them formed in all parts of the kingdom ,• In case of war the detachments could be transferred from one side of the country to the other as the necessity arose. That was • pesos movement, but unless they prepared in a time of peace they could not feel competent when they were in.. state of war.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

DOCTOR'S MOTOR-CAR.

SUMMONS AGAINST ST. HELENS COUNCILLOR

Dr. Jacksen, who is a member of the St. Helens Town Council, was summoned before the St. Helens magistrates on Monday for driving his motor-cm without& rear light. . . . . .

Const-Orre:lrlihat shortly before twelve o'clock on Tuesday night, the 13th inst., he um defendant drive down Duke-street without • light. He afterwards ' spoke to Dr. Jackson, who said that all the lights on the car were switched on by the risme switch and wire. 1 Ile wan called to an urgent case at St. Helens Hospital, and the light, were right when he got to tbe hospital sad when he left it. If the rear light had gone out something must have happened to one of the wires. In answer to Mr. E. IS. Swift, who defended, witness aid he slw the doctor going to the hospital and anew that all the lights oven right at that time. The Chief Coutable said that the officer omitted to state on his report that he had sees the lights right a abort time before or he would not have issued the euromonw

-ine-11;nch diamissed the ease on payment of coati. CORONATION PRIZE DECORATIONS.

The award, of the judgee for the decoratlone at St. Helene were isaued on Monday. The six prizes offered by the Corporation were won by the following : Shope, Ac,: I, P Jeffreys, Saddle Hotel ; 2, T. Walsh, Bridge-street ; 3, E'.Phytbian, Weeldeld-street. Private premises I, F. Leyland, Rom Mount, Notgrove ;2, A. Heston, 37, Denton'. Green-lan.; 3, J. Allen, It, Hatton-street. The highly commended In the Brat clam were the St. Helena Co-operative Society, the Mart,the Palatine Stores', sod Scale. and Son : and in the mowed class, C. Swift. Lugentere-lane, and T. Smite, 22, Roby. .treat.

Warrington Catholic Philanthropic Society. The annual meeting of the above erciety was held on Monday when the balance sheet and report fir the pant year was considered and adopted. The society has been steaddy progressing during the past few years and its funds now amount to nearly £BOO with a membership of 121. The officers of the eociety heartily invite the Catholic youth of the town to join. Its sick and funeral benefits are equal to any offered by similar societies. The State Insurance Scheme was briefly diary ,sed,and the committee were instructed to fully consider it and to ascertain what similar Catholic Societies were doing in the matter and if possible to confer with them on this most important , measure.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
TALKS ON HEALTH.

FAIIIILT DOCTOR.]

READACFIES AND EYEGLASSES.

This week I am going to cure headsets.. so walk up, ladies and gentlemen! No one who has not got a headache need apply Suppese that out of my readers there are • hundred pepole with pato in the head. I am prepared to cure live of those hundred patieute by ordering them proper glasses to correct the astigmatism of their eyes. They must not go to a quack, nor must they buy a pair of glasses off a barrow in the erect or in a top-shop. Eyee are worth untold gold, and money spent on an eve-specialist is well spent. The hospita!s are there for the needy. It is use:ess to swallow headache powders if your eyes are all wrong. Thirty per cent. of the headaches are due to constipation. can cure all of them by impressing on the patients the importance of being trained in regular habits from early childhood, in- structing them to drink plenty of pure water, and to adopt all the other me.ures I have no often referred to in this column.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLY TO BED.

Now I have cured thirty-five out of the hon. divot. The next group of patients suffer trete headaches from overwork and want of out- door exercise and fresh air. These van be cured if they will go to bed two hours earlier for • fortnight. Their brains are weary. It is torture to get up in the morning. and the tired brains will be no grateful for the extra rent that they will never ache again. Thin applies to children who are being over- worked at school. Needless to say, the extra sleep must be taken in a roost that is well ventilated. Young ladies with headaches must be cured of their anaemia. It is taken treatment to adnlintister powerful drugs. which may deaden the headache for • brief period at the cost of poisoning ihe system. Grave the headaches alone, and treat the anaemia with a plentiful supply of good food, fresh air, sleep, sunshine, and exercise. When the anwmia ISM gone the !;esilaches will have suns too. Antemia ac- counts for the headaches in fifteen per cent. of case.. I have nearly e.t.a the whole hun- dred, hot there is a small number left whose reuralgias in the upper story are dire to Bright s disease, or some grave disease ' which cannot be cured. Such patients ere in a worse plight than the young people who can cure themselves by commonsense treat- ment. These few cams must be left to eta care of their own doctors.

GOD'S MEDICINE FOR INFLUENZA. May I suggest to some of you to join a choral society and learn how to sing? Many of you do not know how to breathe properly; you are not making the most use of your lung-power; your blood is not being no thoroughly aerated at every breath as it ought to be. Especially is this advice valu- able if you are young enough to have soft bones still, for your chest Call be developed and filled out while you are young. The time will come when your ribs are hardened nt the joints, and no more expansion can lie obtained. Please, mothers, let your delicate daughters with weak and narrow chests have singing lessons. Make them go to the open window every morning and take ten deep breaths through their noses. There is nothing like breathing exercises and singing to improve the general health. Fresh air is God's medicine; make the most of it. You are frightened of fresh air; believe me, there is more danger in riding inside a stuffy omnibus, taking in the used-up air from the other occupants of the car, than there in in riding on the top of the omnibus on a cold morning. I never ride inside- always on the top, even if it is raining. One of those ten inside passengers has influenza, or has just recovered from it, or is just going to have it; half an hour's steady breathing of influ- enza germs, and what is the result? Ask of the doctor, who smacks his lips avec an influensa epidemic.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
CURED IN SPITE OF CURER.

A small rupture of the navel in children will disappear of its own accord, although it is safer to take the precaution of applying • binder with a penny sewn into it to keep the lump back. It is not at all uncommon to ace babies with ruptured navels, but it is exceedingly rare to see a child of fifteen with the name defect; they have all been spontaneously cured by Nature and the pro- cess of growth and development. Whatever you do to a rupture of the navel it will di. appear, hence the extraordinary number of -safe cures" that every old woman recom- mends. One tries a plaster and one an oint- ment ; another, sillier than the rest, gives a medicine to drink; a fourth may apply a lotion, but the truth is that no matter what method you adopt the rupture will be cured and the triumphant old woman who declares that it was her method which cured merely makes one smile in sorrow and pity.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT ABOUT NATURE?

It is as though my friends, the old women, undertook to make a boy of fifteen grow an inch in the year. All the old women of both ilexes would reconimend their nos- trums; one would wat, the boy's head with a watering-pot, another would eell him a pair of springs to put in his boots, a third would invent an apparatus made of elastic and steel to attach to his feet at night. At the end of the year, to and behold! miracle of miracles, the boy, sure enough, has grown an inch. "Them you are," ex- claim the old women, "we told you we could do it." And the boy's father writes: "It is with great pleasure that I testify to the splendid result, of the Watering-Pot Treat- meat, the Heel Spring Treatment, and the Patent HOC. POCUS Steel Boy Lengthener. They were entirely successful in the case of my son. Please make what use you like of this letter, on I am only too anxious that other parents who want their boys to grow should be able to avail theno.lves of thee* truly miraculous methods; the price for the complete course, ten guineas, is absurdly cheap." You must not say that the boy would have grown an inch anyhow, because that merely shows your ignorance.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
PREVENTION BETTER THAN CURE.

Self-help is what we all want to cultivate. The very helpless may be dependent on charity, but it must always be unsatisfac- tory, I think in my work among the poor I have met many cases where the people have been robbed of their independence and desire to fend for themselves by the indis- criminate charity that is pourea on them. Boots have been given, but they have never been polished, although it looks more re- spectable to have the boots polished, and ' also it prolongs their live. Dear me, if you only knew what a lot of illness could be pre- vented by keeping the feet dry iy good boots. Prevention is an much better than cure. The cold you get through wearing leaky helots was the beginning of your get- ting consumption. How can you keep people well whin they take no little trouble them- selves. If you give them garments, they wili not keep the buttons eewn on, even though the children thentaelvee have learnt to sew. Let is. bear in mind that more than half the illness in the world is preventehlo. and that the people must leara to help themselves,

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. Perplexed.—Cannot deal with your soh. ject. Paul.—Quite right to ask advice; better let a doctor examine you.

Mater.—lf aw bad as that you must hay. small operatior. Haselin.e.--It is important that you should keep the child from scratchisg the eczema.

(All letters intended for "The Family Doctor " should be addressed, "no Fjoctor," 8, La Beth Sausage, London,

===== 0002601_19110701_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Sir Gilbtrt Creenall Honoured by ;ihe King.

On Wedresday the Royal Agricultural Show, which is being held at Norwich, was honoured by the presence of the King, who is the l'resident of the Fociety. Al the gates of the show ground the King was awaited by the honorary director, Sir Gilbert Greenall, and was conducud to the Royal pavilion by Sir Ailwyn Fellowes, the acting president, throogh two long lines cf enthusiastic people He wee received at the Royal pavilion by the ' members and Council of the Society. Here the , King conferred two truth*? honoura—a Commander- ship of the Victorian Order on Sir Gilbert Greenell and a Knight Commandership of the same Order on Mr. Fellowes. Lastly, before going in to luncheon, he , inspected a guard cf honcur that bad been made up of members of the Royal Norfolk Veterans' Associa- tion. As regards the show itself the entries greatly exceeded those of previous years and the prize money ban also Lesten previous records, 120 les. than -£10,1,00 being competed for. We append the local awards : Kerry Bull 11 Tait Robertson (La Mancha, Mr Dooley) ; r, Lady Green'''. Hackney Fury Stallion, fooled in or before 11104 (not exceeding 11 hands) : 2, J Ball, Warrington (Southwell Swell).

===== 0002601_19110701_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
cruamml

8011, calved in 1906, 1907, 19(8 or 19(.9 : Lady Greenell (Maeldum). Cow in milk, calved in or before 1907 1, Lady Greenall (Fennell.).

Heifer in milk, calved in 1908 : 1 and 3, Lady Greensll (Wilton Fame and Walton Echo)...

Heifer, calved in 194X1 or 1910: I end 3. Lady Greenall (Walton Feather and Walton Jonquil 3rd.) .

JUIPITP. calved in IPC9 : 4,Jeney de Knoop, Wade,' Hall, Taipahy.

Large White Boar, farrowed in 1907, 1908 or 1909 3, Sir Gilbert GreenslL Bait.

Tamwordt Boar, farrowed in 1907, 194.9 or 1909 r.Sir Peter C Walker.

Breediag Sow, farrowed in 1907, 1908 or 1909: 3, Sir Peter C Walker. Middle White Boar, farrowed in 1907,1908 or 1909 : 2 and r, Sir Gilbert °respell, Bart. Boer, farrowed in 1910 r, Sir Gilbert Greesall, Bart.

Breeding Sow, farrowed in 1907, 19C8 or 1909: 2, Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. Sow, &nosed in 1910: 3 and r, Sir Gilbe4 Greenall, rata

For the tot.t Touter of • cmatery there has been • continuou• flow of letters bearing teatimony to the truly wonderful curo, effected by CLARKE'S WORLD. FAMED BLOOD 311 XTUR F., "the fineet Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Lep, Shin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of any kind, are solicited to give it a trial to try it. value. Sold t verymbere at 2s. 9d. per bottle. flambee of worthless imitations and sabatitutes.—Adrt. 6.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
mvvwv4VVr

TIE UWE* ESN TEST.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Price. pest free, I/1

With pad. 1/7

Alenhgely semis= SI gem.* Cass Also SLIPpl5e4 at Fountain Pen f, Travelling elc .119 •••- r• •-,•• • • THE ARNOLD CHEMICAL Elg, 6 Htarietta li.. Camel Garda. Lowing, WA.

'1

1, . . • Fe • • ; •

tr. Harry New and Councillor Broadhurst.

• Sir,—( MTliorerelay-eveMcg la•d I had the privilege of addressing an opencir.eneedbg of several hundred awe awl women. Councillor Iboadhurst was premnt sod interjected several remarks. I told him I would gladly allow him to minutes on the platform and lie accepted. At Ills clone I puhlicry challenged him to debate the queetion of Tariff Reform and Free Trade. • He i•aid he would gladly da no. I wrote to him on Ifoothay, dui lhhb, asking him to fix an early date, hut alas ! the usual " get out" I must confess lam Burp lard. lr. It oadhuret accuses me inc letter reseived yesterday of stating I would have Oared the troope, in the Jameisma Raid at KreedersdoiVagelost the wall and shot them. This is • a deliberate lie. What I said was The Boer

(lovenament would have teen justified in placing the leadere of the [NM against a wall and sl.ooting them. Than view I still hold. We as a country would be entitled ti treat raiders in a similar manner. Now sir, when Councillor lir, adhurst finished speaking he turned, shook hands wth myself and said," Well, Mr. New, we are good friends I hope." Yet after loading the meeting to believe he meant to meet me in debate he wriggles out in a most undignified manner. Tam sorry I made the mistake in thinking be was sincere, Further comment is needless.—Yery truly June 22nd, 1911

HARRY NI:W.

12 or CO 12-- I- to the EDITOR. . _

===== 0002601_19110701_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.J 1

===== 0002601_19110701_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Another Critic tor Rev. A. M. Mitchell. Spertskiu.R.at. I:!kflestow..),, about a mouth ago,

Bev. A. M. :diktatll It aster! that "There had been three occasions when he had made himself obnoxious to his fellow guardians" and I rice by the report of the last meeting of the Board that he has now addtd a fourth. This might, perhaps, be forgiven linn as a harmless pleasure, had he not attempted to add to his fellow members the unfortmmte poor whom cirmm- stances have placed under his jurisdiction. "It came to this," raid the rev. gentleman. "that instead of them. as Guardians, etatirg what the inmates should have they dealt with the matter from the standpoint of what the inmates wanted" Tfink of it ! The Coronation of Hie Gtacicus Majesty to le celebrated by the inmates of the Workhouse and some of them ! to have not one but two glasses of beer if they liked, even thcrigh Mrs. Simpson considered fruit juice " pleas:alter to take," in direct opposition to the 1 principles of the lien. A. M. Mitchell! Can one sup- I pose a greater attetnpt at petty tyranny? By all meats let Mr. Mitchell converts, tansy people AS he can to turnperenee, but he might at least refrain from *ming his public position to propmate his fads at the expeme of those who are in his power. If a glive of beer would add to the enjoyment of a great recasion by those who have little to enjoy, why should he, to gratify his love of " making himself obnolicus," stand in tl e way ? Mr. Mitchell also ohjec:s to the eating of meat, so there will be a sorry time at the Workhouse if he ever gets a majority on the Board.— Yours &c., _

A. HAND.

Birkenhead, 27th Juoe, 1911

===== 0002601_19110701_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
Hard Facts for Tariff Reformers.

Sir,—Some striking figures regarding the distribu- tion of Britikh expr.rts appear in the current number of the" Investors' Review.'

At the time Mr. Chamberlain began Vs Tariff Reform propaganda, our exports to European markets showed a preponderance of It millions over NU exports to markets within the Empire. When Free- Traders pointed out the folly of sacrificing our European markets for the problematical expansion of nor Empire trade, Tariff Reformers did nut hesitate to prophesy the nsa of our European trade, and .r increasing dependence upon the Imperial trade. It is interesting to Nee now this prophecy, like every other prophecy of the Tariff Reformers, has been falsified. Whereas the preponderance of the European over the Imperial trade was It millions in 19111, the preponderance has increment to II million. is MO. The increase of our exports to foreign countries has been 125 millions, as against 88 millions to British PossesiMmt.

Tariff Reformers, who faced with awkward figures like these, sometimrs find that the significance is disguised. or err n altered, when the figures are stated in percentages. Ilut in dd., rase even that refuge is denied to them, for the increase of cur expoits to foreign countries since the Tariff Reformers began to 'make their prophecies accounin for sixty per cent. of the total increase in our exports ; while our export. to British possessions account for only forty per cent. of the total increase.

Tide is all the more baffling because during this period foreign tariff barriers— according to the Tariff Reformers--have been increasingly built up against us; while so-called " preferences " Irene ken granted by the Colonies to on. According to Tatifl Reform principles, therefore, the dirciition of our export trade ought to have been preci,uly the reverse of what has proved ti be the fact.—Yours faithfully. WM. J. RIDGWAY.

Ii 5, Church-lane. Gorton, Manchester, 24th June, 1911.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
ILL-FITTING ROBE.

Warrington Lady Sued in Manchester. JUDGES FINDING- AGAINST COSTUMIER

A Warrington lady, Mr. Bird, of Eirg-atreet, was the defendant in an action in the Manchester County Court on Thursday, in which the ft of a dreee was the main question involved. Mrs. Bird was sued by TAPAS Ray, coattime-muker. of Princess-street, Manchester. for £5 0.. ild , the Weevil of an :account for making a coatiime--an Erupt-tam robe"—froni materials supplied by the defendant and for braiding and trimming to tFe robe. There wan a counter-cleim by Mrs. Bid for LI Oa sd. the cost of the material of which the dress was made and which the defendant mid had been spoiled for further use owing to the COMM,. being a moth. Mr. Geri side of Manchester, wee the solicitor for the plaintill and Mr. T. Ridgway, solicitor,of Warrington.' apreared for the defendant. Mr. Bird was conjoined in the °atones defendant with Mrs. Bird. When the case was called his Honour Jtiege Mellor, le.o , who was on the Bench,smilingle remarked that be supposed this wee a case in which be would have ti ash the lady to try on the dress. Fin suggested that the should go somewhere to have the dreea tried on in the presence of an impartial witness. . . . -

This arrimgernent was !Incepted by the parties, and the case we, put beck while the dress was tried on in another part of the building. On the resumption, Mrs. Chappell, the expert witness named by the Judge, gave evidence, stating thet in bar view the defendant could not wear the robe unites the sleevea were altered. In fact it would require nevt

elem.,. The neck•band &leo did not fit very well, Lir the Here .4 were the only thing absolutely wrong. Mrs. Bird mune into court wearing the Ernpree. robe and His Honour remarked that he could see for himself that.it_ wf nted neer crow der. lie did not confider it a

good tit otherwise. You cannot expeict the lady to wear. areas in that condition "be remarked to the plaintiff. It was stolen that as the material bad been purchsaed the defendant on & apecial occasion it might not be possiblo to match it, and there( are it would be difficult to supply new sleeves for the dress. Plaintiff said he did not altogether agsee with what Mrs. Chappell had said about the dress. She might understand the fitting of 16,19's dress but she could not understand the technical points of the trade. Ilia Honour : But without knowing that she can see about the fit.

Nautili added that he never said the dress wu perfect but lithe sleeves were tight his cuttor, whom he bed paid four guineas rs week, would correct them. his Honour found for the defendant, Mrs. liird, and as ho was of the opiuion that the material of which the dress was made was spoiled, he found for bet also on the counter-claim, and allowed her To. GI. for the msterinl.

Mr. (iartside : I suppose we csn have the robe. His Honour : Y. I think you are entitled to it. Ctsts were ellowed spinet plaintiff,.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
HELPING A CRIPPLE "ON BOARD."

Coronation festivities. Owners of motor I cars cheerfully responded to the appeal for their co-operation and the result was that on rhursday, over 120 cripples were taken for a run to Chester and Eaton Hall through some of the loveliest scenery which picturesque Cheshire can boast. The sight of so many of the physically defective assembling in front of Bold-stree, Church, where the procession of cars was marshalled, was full of pathos. Some of the cripples looked pale and wan, many walked with the aid of crutches,and others who could only travel in a recumbent position, were brought to the cars in invalid carriages wheeled by brothers or sisters or sympathising friends. The cars were drawn up in Palmyra-square and came up in turn to the gates in Bold-stree4 to receive their contingents of passengers. Councillor W. H. Bellian, to whose organizing genius and wonderful enthusiasm the success of the outing was in a great measure due, hurried hither and thither directing operations as chief marshal. Mr. J. Moore Murray (director of education) was prominent amongst the band of workers who assisted the cripples to their places in the cars, and, in addition to the driver, a voluntary helper was seated in each vehicle to attend to the comfort and safety of the guests, the great majority of whom were! children. The Mayor and Mayoress (Coun- cillor Dr. Joseph and Miss Joseph) were also on the scene and when everything was in readiness, they led off in the first car at 1.45. The procession made a brave show as it passed along the main streets, several of the cars sporting flags which added to the bright- ness of the scene. Best of all, the sun shone radiantly and gave every promise of an ideal afternoon—a prospect which was perfectly realized. The charming Delamere route to Chester had been chosen and this enabled the cripples to see a stretch of country the equal of which it would be hard to, find within such easy access of a manufacturing town. Cp the bill past quiet Stretton,through pleasant pastoral country to Weaverham, thence along the level Tarporley road, arched with rich, spreading foliage, to the Delamere cross roads--the cars travelled not too rapidly to allow of admiration of the scenery, but still with sufficient speed to create that pleasant, invigorating sensation of rushing through the air. Shorlty before reaching the Abbey Arms, the cars, which had been proceeding in somewhat close processional order, spread out, and the extended distance between each car greatly mitigated the dust nuisance. On reaching Kelsall hill a magnifi- cent view, backed by the Welsh mountains, was obtained and next the route lay throughl Tarvin, with its fine church, to Hoole where ' a halt was called before making an imposing entry into Chester. At Hoole Toll Bar, the Mayor was met by Alderman John Jones, of Chester, who conveyed the apologies of the Mayor of Chester for his inability to join the party. Traversing the quaint streets of " rare old Chester," the cars attracted much attention and the police considerably facili- tated their progress by the admirable way in which they regulated the traffic. The Duke of Westminster had kindly given special permission for the cars to run through the extensive and splendidly wooded grounds surrounding Eaton Hall and this concession greatly enhanced the pleasure of the journey. Hundreds of deer were brows- ing on the fields and, startled by the advent of the great array of fearful and wonderful contrivances from the outside world, many of them dashed timidly across the path in front of the cars. Next the noble ducal mansion--Eaton Hall—with its massive entrance gates excited the admiration of the visitors. A short spin brought us to the Iron Bridge which spans the silvery waters of the Dee, and here the cars were unloaded and all prepared to spend a delightful couple of hours in a truly out-of-the-world spot. In a shelter by the river-side the cripples were first entertained to an excellent tea which they thoroughly appreciated. At the close, the Rev. Walter Seed suggested that as the treat was included in the Coronation festivities, the assembly should join in sing- ing" God Save the King." The request was fervently complied with. The liev. Walter Seed then said be was sore the g.aests would wish to thank the Mayor and Mai oress kr their presence aril the Mayor fur bin kind tUouuht in including the treat in the Coronation festivities. "Do you want to thank them?" asked the rev, gentle- man, and there were Loud eLswering cries of, Yes." Well, give them three cheers as hard as you can and the voices of the cripples were raited in lusty acclaim. •

===== 0002601_19110701_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
.

Councillor Britian, but he woold no d Ott tell them that he had enjoyed it. (Armlatme.) Mr. Seed also cordially thanked all who had responded to Councillor Bellieu's call and had been willing to lend their ulster can and he thought mention si.ould also be mode if the courtesy of the Duke of Westuaineter in allowing them to drive through his estate. Finally Mr. Seed thenked all who had assisted in any way. Mrs. Pattirion,as one of the secretaries if the Guild, said they were under a great debt of gratitude to the motorists of Warrington for helping them to in die the ci ipple's life no much brighter than it otherwise would be. She could not say sufficient as to what a pleaeure it was to have Council). r Bellian with theni again and to see with what joy and interest he had entered into the work of organizing the trip. 1 hey would all Ii ok back well pleasure titer, the cueing and they were especially glad that the Mat or and Mayoress should have graced the proceedings with their presence. (A pslause). Mr. W. Te ins (hon. treasurer), rend a letter from the Rev. Thomas Miller, krmerly minister at Bold- street, in which he said : "It is very Idol of the Mayer to no thoughtfully include tire cripples in his Cormiation festivities and no act during his Mayoralty will give twee pleasure than rh Ls one will give to those who are so often overlooked. I trust everything will tp cff without accident of any kind and under Counciller Bellian's guidance and his faithful lieutenants, that is almost assured." Coutinuing Mr. Twins said they were all glad to think that asset of courtesy, kindness and tlinughtfulne,s on the part of the Mayor had made the treat to the cripples do honour to that great event—the Coronation of the King mil (sneers (Applause). Ile (Mr. Twine) doubted whether any part of the Coronation feetiviti, had Oven greater pleasure than that treat. (Applause). They sincerely thanked the Mayor arid the Mayoress—who no worthily aupported her father in his high office—cn behalf rf the pmr children into w hese lives there ' came such a limited amount of joy and brightness and especially on behalf of the committee. It had just happened that the kindness had come at a tints when it had considerably relieved the organizers of the treat of a heavy burden end a great tank. That , remark did not apply to Councillor Bellian, because the greater the advantage that bail come to the treat the greater responsibility had fallen upon his shoulders. They all knew how energetically be hail worked, lot it would perhaps be more csrrect to say they did not folly realise the extent to which thee were indebted to him ter the areat secrets, that lied attended the trip. The good feeling and whole- heartedness with which he hail entered into the affair were conepicuous indeed. tArmlause 4)ne hardly , knew how to think tie motorists who had no kindly lent their beautiful care to make it possible for the cripples to come to Chester. (Applause.) All brut or was due to them for the kind and courteous manner in which they bad responded to Councillor Belliair's appeal. (Applause. he Rev. W. Seed said lie should also have included in tile expreesicn of thanks Mr.lloore Murray who had always shown great sympathy with their work Applause) The vote of thanks was passed with enthusiasm. The Mayor, in returning thanke, stid there wan nothing he had hail greater pleasure in helping to bring about in Coronation year than the cripples' treat. The part he had taken had been very small indeed. Although he had, out of the allowance made to ban, contributed to the expense. %hit was the least important part of the a( rangemente. because the trees could not possibly have been carried out without the splendid band of organisers, with Councillor Bellian at the head, and the kindnese of the owners of motor care. which had been such a great help. The raising of the funds WAS an easy thing in comparison with the other necessary details. So foray he personally was soccerned, he had tried all he could to make the C ronation festivities a success. Of course one could not please everybody, but he was glad to think that in spite of the small allowance made to him— and of which he approved because one had to consider the rates of the dietrict over which one had the honour to preside— they had been aisle to organize a pleasurable trip I .r those who had such little bright- ness in their lives. Moreover they hail done ir me- thing which was somewhat allied with that trait they had exter.ded their tuneless as to bring pleasure to a smaller section which was worthy el help—the deaf and tomb of the district. Ile was sure thet the more they devoted themselves to bringing pleasure and brightness into the lives of thane who were really Intendant upon them for everything in the way of enjoyment, the more happiness they would derive to their own account. (Applause) He could not con- clude without again expreesing hie thanks to Coen- calor Hellion and to Mr. Seed who was one of the main workers, if not the originator of the Cripples' Guild. (Applause) rhe Rev. W. Seed said he was not the originator of the Guild, which was pin t of the inheritance he entered into when Le come to Bold-street It ! originated in the time of his predecessor, the they. Themes Miller. (Applause). Councillor Belhan also respondid. Ile said all t' at fulsome flattery was very nice aid he hail no doubt the people who had spoken thoroughly meant it. (Hear, bear). No thank., howerer, was needed •hen they considered the ohject f r which they were work- I tog. He wished to acknowledge the great encourage- ment lie had received from the owner set care who had done everything he had asked of them. When they a had not been able to send cars they had, without Lewitation, granted cams Of money to t enable them to hire cars. (Applause). Having I acknowledged the services of the drivers Councillor I Benin expressed the hope that the treat would now e

===== 0002601_19110701_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS FROM ST. HELENS. CORPORATION BILL IN THE COMMONS

Warrington's Successful Opposition.

).nuilais Bill, urrvn.,t.,l hy the St. Ilelevs Corporation, on Wednesday came before the Local Legislation Committee of the House of COMM.!, Mr. Gardner presiding. The Bill deals with a variety of subjects connected with the administration of the . .

borough, but opposition is offered only to the Fro- visions dealiug with the ga., undertaking. Mr. Jeeves, who, with Mr. G. M. Bailey appeared for the promoters, exp Lined that for the purpose of obliging their neighbours, the Corporation had in one or two ir stances supplied gas outside their limits, always with the consent of the gas authority, for the area all, emit There was, however, no legal authority for ibis action, and by clause 21 of the hi I, it was sought to obtain statutory sanction, not merely fir supplies already granted rutaide this area, hot for similar supplies in the future. The Corporation did act undertake these supplies for revenue, or in ceder to cust the existing gas authorities but merely. as a matter of convenience. I, TLe Corporations of Unities and Warringtraa, whose ' areas of supply a I.jinrd that of St. Helens, opp sed this clause. A few years ago St. islets Corporation was asked to supply gas to Burtonwood in the Warrini.tm area, bi.t io view of the expenditure involved they felt themselves unable to take the risk. The Warrington mains had now been extended t some putt of Burtonwoal, and to that extent the need for obtaining a supply from St. !delete no longer existed, but die case showed the necesaity for the powers now sought by the Corporation.

The Local Coverginert board, in their repo-t, stated several objections to clause 21 and suggested its emission, hut Mr. Jeeves submitte dto the corn- mittee tint it was reasonable that the Corporation should be able to supply premises just beyond their limits when no other supply was practicable, Mr. Glover, gas engineer to the St. Helens Corporation, stated that there was n desire to compete AV ith the Corporations of W sr- ringt al or Widnes or with ilie Ashton district Council for consumers that properly belonged to those authorities and could be supplied by them. The total revenue received by St. Helens Corp,ration for the supplies given in Widnes wt. .4:138, and in Itainford £ll2. These supplies were given in the interest of the community, and were not at all necesse y for the prosperity of the St. Helens gas undertaking, which had .a pross.an,,.ual wevenue of about £lBl,OOO.

Mr. Werlderhurn ;for Widnes Car portion). Is the sole ground for crming for these powers the sugges- tion of so-called illegality?—lhat has been an argu- ment which has had very great weight with on. Is there any other reason ?—None whatever. Is there one precedent whatever for this clause 21 ?1 —I am not able to quote any. Have you ever bad the faintest difficulty in the, past ? Has any consumer ever raised the question of the legrdity of your position ?- I don't know that lie 11., but any consumer might This is • matter which you are "trying on " berrsuse you happen hi be coining for a ? -I don't accept your words " trying on." When you deposited yr, ur hill you sought two things—to run motor-omnibuses outside your district and to get this right to supply gas outside your area. V. u have withdrawn your motor-omnibus proposal, and, abet the very strong report of the Local Government Board on your gas promsal, do you think it is a fair thing that you should put neighbour. ing cwrorsikns to the expense of coming here to oppose it ?—The fact that we have persevered wirh it, notwithstanding the remarks of the Local Government flawd, proven that we have a bor,a fide desire to serve the public interest.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
" POACHING FOR YEARS."

Mr. Hutchinson (for Warrington), who slid the Corporation of St. Helens had been ruching ha years, and had non come to Parliament to be " white-weshed," asked the witness if he knew that Clause 21 would give the Corporation power, with the consent of the Local Govemim nt Board, to supply gin whenever and wherever they liked, irres- pective Gf any limits whatever ?—The Local Govern- ment Board would not give any such authority. But do y u know that the clause would enable you to do that ? I suppose it would if the [veal Govern- ment Board were so foolieh as to give us the authority to do so.

lhe witness ridded that St. Helens did not supply a foot of gas in Warrington, but it wss conceivable that Iheie might be circumstances in which it would be mote convenient for them to give a supply for the tune being than the Warrington Corporation. Mr. J. Crooks, chaiiman of the Goa Committee of the St .11eleas Corporation, having briefly given evidence,

The commit'ee tuid they were the clause, and .it w.,u1.1 he struck out of the 11.11.

...... The reprerientotives of the Warrington Corporation present during the proceedings were .—The Mnyor (Councillor Dr. Joseph), Alderman Piermint (chair- man of the Gas Committee), Alderman John Evans (deputy chairman), Mr. W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), and Jr. A.l'. Holloway (deputy town clerk).

Firs Is Hasdock-street. On Wednesday morning a fire broke out in the confectionery and baltlng department of Mr. Ben Few, grocer, Se, Winwick-street and Haydock-street. Superintendent Turner and members of the Fire Brigade turned cut with the attain fire engine "Captain,' anti the flsmes were quickly subdued. The damage, winch is rot very serious, is fully covered by insurance. The cause of the outbreak is tiDk flown. Before the arrival of the Vito 11. igade a Dumber of neighbours attempted to extinguish the fire by means of water thrown frtm Hokets, but the task woo ton great for them.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
CRIPPLES' MOTOR TRIP. VISIT TO CHESTER AND EATON HALL

The Igsyor, in responding, said the Mayoress and he beer me a permanent institutio r erd added batht were very glad to be able in any way to contribute would be delighted to eoeti assist. (Applause.) to the happiness of the cripple,. That really as The reward for all the it ern k was to he seen in the w a very happy occasion—so much ea that he bad faces of the children eineelves. (Applause.) come Limn London specially to he present. Ile was i The Rev. W. Seed said one of the moo pleasing asked to y d witness the Royal procession ocidenta in connection with the Guild waa the receipt Forty motor cars sped in procession along through thesta Eastan End of London while the King we 17 himeclf of the follewina letter from one of the the beautiful lanes of Cheshire an Thursday On his way to the Mansion Home, but he wan sure III: children : —"Dear Mr. Seed,— I wish to present my afternoon. For the nonce they were not Majesty would excuse his absence, for the King was crutches end iron to any little girl or boy in the given over to the pleasure of the owners and Se fond of those who were afflicted that he would Cripp!es' Guild, as God has given rue health and ' their friends, for each car had its freight of think be the Mayor) was best showing his loyalty by strength to walk without now. Perhaps someone afflicted children or adults—cripples .'.to being present to witness the happiness of the cripples world be pleased to have them to-morrow to go on whose colourless and uneventful lives had and to help forward the success of that treat in a small the picnic. I hope it w.II be fine. We all enjoy it an come a half-day of pure, exhilarating enjoy- way. Ile hom.d einem ely that the guests would enjoy mach." That showed that the children responded to ment. The secret of this large muster of athoehoeu.: li kindnees extended to them by showin si 1 hut:hand that they would return home safely t .0 . g =Aar a better for the change. (Applatme). kindness to one another. (Applause.) homeless vehicles in a truly philanthropic At the call of the Rev. W. Seed, hearty cheers were After lingering a while in the beautiful grounds, cause was contained in the wording then givr n for Councillor Bellinn and all the Guild the return journey was commenced at seven o'clock, of the card displayed on every car : hetre.s. Quickly the corn swung old of the Pack into the streets " Cripples' Guild, Warrington. " From Ti.. rest deligl tin shire for the cripples win the of Chester, and were soon on the direct route to War- many a poor hom., cripples load come ever-p pu'ar " l'ut ch and Judy " snow, and the riogton. At Helsby, . Frodsham and other tillages, to participate in the second annual outing antics of these retch, ities and the dog Tay were the people turned out in force to cheer the trippers. organized for their benefit by the Warrington wa•ched with interest and glee by young end old. The only drawback to the ride was that the cars kept Cripples' Guild—an organization which w The work,ne then sat dkiown to tea, after which NO close together that clouds of dust wr to raised. Imre a little sp-ech-mang. However, this was only a minor matter and when the oed its inception to the happy inspiration was ' The Bev. W. Seed again v, icsd thePstreme indebted- cripples reached Warrington at 830 they were an of a member of the Bold-street Vi eBleY Wes of tic organisers of the trip to the Mayor and thoroughly p'eased with the outing, which sill always Guild. It occurred to him that such a treat sby,wess for their pre-ence and sympathetic interest be regarded as a red letter occasion in their lives. during the summer would be a splendid way ;Applause.) It was impo•sible to say what a very When all had been safely landed at 80ld-street, the of showing practical Christianity and the great help it had been to the Guild to have the treat Meyor distributed Coronation mugs and chocolete to suggestion was so enthusiastically received included in the Coronation procrediegs of die town the children, who once more gave loud chems for the by fellow Guilders that it soon became an and it bad eft rded them a great deal of gratification Mayor and Mayoress, Councillor Hellion and the accomplished fact. The Cripples' Guild has h! "rY ""' They very much appreciated the woTkers, katAl attention he end fympathy til3t SV,11:1 shown to t would inaposisible to mention all who took an developed on such broad lines that the sym- them in the so.k tl.ey were doing for the active part in the promotion of the treat, but some pathy and help of all sections of the com- c,ippled ones of Warr legit.. They must also express are deserving of special praise. Councillor Bellian, munity have been enlisted and the Mayor their gratitude to Co u ocil'or Bel lian (applause) - who was, of cwir,e an indefatigable organiser and valuable was fully justified in arranging for the had put mist earnest took into that trent. Nobody help VAS a'so given by Mrs. Britian. A debt of inclusion of this year's trip in the borough hod entered into the project with more spirit than gratitude is due to the following members of the i

Photo, Tome. CUUN. AND MRS. BELIAAN.

Ere: •tive Committee who worked m it keenly end unsslfishly for the success of the trip:- Rey W Seed, president ; Mr F H Harris and Mr J Hand,lett, •ire. presidents ; Mrs Pattisou and Mrs Booth, bon sees ; Mr W Twist, bon treasurer ; and Mr J Whitmore. The following generously placed cars at the disport of the Guild —Mr J E Moles, If..ers Reinert and Davies, Mr Stanley Carter, Captain Croafield, Mr E Caldwell, Mr P Cainl,eil, Mr Shepherd Cross, Mr If P Defoliant, Mr T Daintith, Mr Ibunville, Dr Fox, Mr P CsUarnett, Sir Gilbert Greens!' Bart., C V. 0., lady (lreenall.Mr Hewitt, the Mayor (('ouncillor Dr Joseph,) Mr Knight, 'the Lvnton Wheel Conpanv, Messrs T Locker and r W J Lake,Mr Frank Morris, Mr It S Newcombe, Mr W I )wen, Mr J Paterson, Mr F Pendleburv, Mr R II Posnett (Runcorn), Councillor li Roberts, tir IV R. bertson, Mr W Itylands, Mr lloyle (Eccles), Mr James Richardson, Mr Skinner, Mr Tyrer and Mr Withinehaw. Subscription, towards the hiring of CBIs were given by the f..lliwing: —Miss Btoralhent, Metier. W If Meekly, .1 J Illeeki,, E Connor, W Richardson, J J . Whitley, John Colon, Edward Danittl. C kha Armimge, J W Hayward, ES Garland, J Craik, W Botching., II P Mortimer, I. Davies, 11 Kiagdon, J J Crosfield, F A Frost, Lister-Kaye, Milne, stud Edwin Woods.

0 ' 4i:o - - ' . , .. et A', - 1:l 11.. -...-'. t 1 ti.. i• 44 - •-,. 1 A ,se. Fr . ft li ' ---- t 4 r '—•4' Pliie' - ..Es ILI t .......„ i • ? -- "-` 44 ) k ; • 4,. . - lit 911 • , 4.4. - ~. fillliiritGU '' '" or . . . :. - l9 ii• r , • , , . ' t 4 ( . 10. 1 1 . , ; --------- . .... .. ~... , . . .

===== 0002601_19110701_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE NEXT OPERA

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY.

The autumnal operatic performances by the Warrington Musieal Society have come to be looked forward to as among the welcome first fruits of our local theatrical and musical season. It is of no little public interest therefore to announce as, by the courtesy of Mr. Bond, the society's hon. secretary, we are able to do to-day, that the subject of the society's next venture is the Chinese Musical Comedy, "San Toy," one of the greatest successes, it will be remembered, associated with the name of Mr. George Edwardes, and probably the brightest of the brilliant series of similar works which have distinguished Daly's Theatre during the past 20 years. And though "San Toy " cannot, from some points of view, be considered quite worthy to rank with the numerous and high- standing examples of genuine light opera which now grace the annals of the Musical Society's operatic section,it is curious to note how univertal and how lasting has been its popularity especially in the provinces. Relying therefore upon past achievements, as proof of the ample talents to be found in the society's ranks,we must conclude that the question of selecting a work which would suit the popular taste has, this year. had great weight in the society's deliberations, with the result that this essay into the lighter field of musical play has been decided upon—a choice which, we venture to think,' will be hailed with enthusiasm by the great majority of our townspeople who have followed fwith interest these local operatic enterprises. "San Toy" is now in full rehearsal as many who have lingered near the Cairo-street practice-room to listen to its tuneful choruses already know, Mr. F. H. Crossley being at his accustomed post as conductor and musical director, while again the genial Mr. R. W. Lomax is acting as dramatic instructor and stage manager. The date of the public performances is the week commencing October 16th, and the place the Royal Court Theatre now in course of being re-decorated and largely re-seated. The seenery,mounting and costumingpromise, we understand, to be on a most lavish and artistic scale and altogether some 70 people will be upon the stage in the ensembles. The principal characters in the very numerous cast will h taken by the following ladies and gentlemen, many of whom will be recognised as old favourities.

SAN TOY. Ceptein BoLbie Prrston Mr. J. Itahhirt. Yen How Mr. J. W. Bibby. Sir Bine° Freston Mr. Y. I. ieldhoime. Lieut. Harvey Tucker... ......... .-Mr J. Canon limthtley. Fo Hop • Mr. J. H. Drape,. Li Mr. 0. 11. Smith. Emperor Mr. W. Moores. Sim Toy Mr. C. Gmton Stone. Poppie Mist Sara Si!cock. Dudley Mire Nellie Mullins. Muse Tucker (Dixie) Mi.. Marjorie Dodd..

The Infirmary. The following contributions bre gratefully acknow- ledged Warringtm Charities Committee, I:s' ; proportion of the amount collected by the Church Lads Brigade. on the occasion of the May Day Horse Parade. 5.. 7cl ; amcort collected on Memos. Peter Walker and Sous can Its Bucldey-street Methodist Free Church, amount collected on Walking Day for the Children of Warrington Cot No. I, l Is. ; flee. E. 11. Edward., amount of offertory at Colonel Leigh's Private Chapel, LI Is. 91. ; Mr. J. Baum% and customers, Corporation Inn, Li ss. 21

===== 0002601_19110701_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

-- W l II It I NUTON, WR. ONZSDAT. ' FRZNR Eons, 9 end In. I. tRGB SOLIti. 21. 1,116411 BUTTRIL, Is ld sod SMALL SOLNS, Is Cd. is 24 1)0111, ISO CAPONN lain Ceritsso, 74 and Bd. Dericrttio• 3e 6d nob MABUITS, 10d end Is. SALMON TROUT, le 61. , ' Fowl,. (oottple lis 8d t 07. 6d !Amos; SOLIts, IS. POTATO,., 12. toll, • load. HALIBUT, Is Bus, 64 to 101 per lb. Con. 64. MUTTON, 64 to 10d 11, lb. II SKS, bd. PORK, i'd to 3d. per lb PIA lc P., 6d and 74. Vas L. 71 to Md. I.onersus, Is ,Id ENti Ll,ll LA Mit 'A to lid PARTRIUG It, 3s 8d • braes WOOO Nu soxs, Is. 3d. SALMON, le to 1. 64. ETRIIOUIII MADDOCK, 64 BRILL, IL . - .. . .. —..

WHEAT.— I, td to Is 741 per 70165. 0A19.-28 td to 23 lid per 451 b.. STRAW £23. to £22, per ton. Ciovg ii• Y.—.C4 5. to £4 10s. per ton. XX Fm..11.-23s per 210 lbs. BRAN-10.1 per 2010 s.

Death of Mr. Francis Brown.

We regret to announce tie death of Mr. Francis Brown, who passed away at his reaidence, 47, Arpley- street. on Saturday last. The deceased gentleman, who was 79 years of age, had been in delicate health for a long time and death was riot wholly unexpected. Mr. Brown took an active interest in the religious life of the town oriel was at one time surerintendetd of the Cockherige Mission Sunday school and later he held a aindlar office at Wycliffe Congrrgational Sunday school. He was • strong adherent to the Liberal cause. Nearly twenty years ago ho retired from the roeiticn ! of mill nunieger at Metiers. A rmitage and Rigliya work e, Cocliedge, on which cocasion he was the recipient of a haadsome timepiece. He was also a director of the British Workman's Public-13611w Co., 116rsemarket- street. fire funeral took place on Wednesday after- noon. A aervice, conducted by the Rev John Yonge. was held in the house. Amongst those pretent at ilie Cemetery wet e Men-rs hienege Brown. William Brown, Herbert Brown,Thomas Brown, Frank Brown, Arthur Brown, Eric Brown, Arthur Mina, fleorge W•llington, Edward Wallingtr n, W Berwick, Wiley, Ernest Garland, John Hayward, Ism. Hayward and William Roberts, the last three being co-directors. Floral tributes were cm voiced from thin following : ,-" Will, Mary, Kate arid Emily," Mr and Mrs George Brown and family," Tom and Ornie," " Erie," Dorothy." Mrs Porritt, the Misses Simister, teachers of Wycliffe Sunrbq school, deaccus 61 Wycliffe Congregational Church, directors of the British Work- man Public-home Co., the Warrington Cycling Club, the lien John and Mrs Yonne. Mr and Mrs Gauld, the Misses Ashorst, the Mines Meadowcroft, the Misses Follwn d, Mrs George Smith and family, Mr and Mrs Morris (of Revonport), the family a f the late Mr Mors (of Halifax), Ur and Mrs Oatle, Miss I'l6lw-el:ea and the Mies.. Piddtck, Sire. Knowles, Mr and Mrs J Watson and Mr and lies Milken.

Wesleyan Cyclloi Club. The day run to floylake arranged for Walking Day was a failure an far as number, go. hot it must be repeated at some early date. If the four ways from Warrington to Liverpool that through Crouton is the easiest and by far the hest, and that through Preacot and K totty Ash the worst on account of the long tram routes at the other end, but, by combining the two we can enjoy one of the moat eate“ive View. in South Lancashire. Instead of turning ight at Rainbill Stoops, go straight on up the hid past the fine house built by Richard Evans, of colliery fame. hoot the lane jost post the house you can se• over a hundred square mi!es. From Garston to Bill Cliffs r' 004 Itv Ellesmere Port and Runcorn Bills the land it spread out like a map, and who is not delighted with the prospect reeda a deal of satisfying. The secure] left turn to " Wootton" leads ut to the north side of Halmead Park, and at the other end a left tura takes in into the high rail through Crouton, Iluyton and Roby. A very recent st,eet improvement at Broad Grten gives us now an asphalt road through the new garden city into Edge-lane, and by following Clint- road, Oladatone-road, Paddington, Brownlow Hill and Hanover-street we arrive at the dock bide with scarcely a eight of tlte terrible trams of Liverpool. The road from Birkenhead to Devoid. is rather monotonous, but the riders on Friday afternoon spent rtrn pleasaut after- noon on the promenades at lloylake and West Kirby. and then commenced a delightful round thr,tigl. Ileawall to Chester and home by thelfelsby-road • total round of 7:: mile.. By taking the bylanes and (enter- ing the Chester-road at Bridge Trafford sin miles could be saved, but this course cannot be recommended unless the leader knows the intricacies of Wirrall thoroughly.

===== 0002601_19110701_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
Music li the Park.

Br permission of Lieutenant-Colonel J IA 1. si rclorigh and 'Officers, the band of the 4th Battalion P.W.V.) will play the following propmnime of iousic in the Park to-morrow (Sunday), commencing at 3 15 p.m. Mr. Richardson conduct is g. March, " The Comair (Lloyd); overture, "Alpha' OS. ; selection, " Don Sebastian° " (Doniactii) ; rnet yob', "The Chorister " (Sullivan) selection, " Polinto (Doni- rrtti) fantasia, " Jubilation " (Rituner) ; march, ~ The Camber " (Brad), God wive the King."

DEATH. I.ll4o‘‘N—Ou thn 24th it., at 42. Arpley.striset Warrington, Francis Brown, •grel 79 prior. Will friends please accept this (the only) intirnat on.l

_ W A RRINGTON.—Printed and Putloined by J.., WALK'S & CO. (Warrington', Ltd., at The flosea.ne• Gersersti Printing Work; B.wany•street, ant published by them at the am. place, and also at 2, The EXaeei.de Oak.% Victoria-road, Stroser. 3, George-street. Sr. lt.ltot, 3, Market-street, EA aLUTOWIL Church.street, RUN(..011.... .11.0 y I IPII.

0 '' ,a 4 . •

===== 0002601_19110701_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19110701_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W ARRINGTON CITIZENS' TEMPERANCE LEAGUE. OPEN-AIR MEETING AT BRIDGE FOOT ON TUESDAY, 4141 JULY, AT 7.45. CHAIRMAN : MR. T. DALE. SPEAKER: 3/R. T. FL GARSIDE, Or MANCHESTER WARR I N G T O N AND DISTRICT I AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. Member of the Federation of Immashire and Cheshire Agricultural Sooieties. PRIM/AM SIR ((ABM GREENALL, BART. leNb ANNUAL SHOW TO DI HELD IN WALTON PARK, NEAR WARRINOTON, ON THURSDAY, AUGUST 17rii, 1911. PRIZES, CUPS AND MEDALS VALUE £7OO. HUNTERS, HARNESS HORSES, JUMPERS, SHIRES, CATTLE, Ac., Last Day of Entries, TUESDAY, AUGUST BTH. Prim list, As, may be obtained from the Secretary, JAMES BAINBRIDGE, Welton House. near Warrington. CLASSES IN BUTTER-MAKING.—The Cheshire County Council is prepared to undertake °lames for instruction in Butter-Making at any centre in the County where application is made for such. A clam, where established, will be held for a fortnight, but 000 will not be undertaken except at least eight pupils can be provided at the centre. The Director of Education would like to hear from any persono who think rush a clsaserould be desirable in their neighbourhood, with a view to arrangements for such being made. The first 0060• vill commence in September mat.—Appllcations Mould be addressed to R. P. WARD, Director of Educe lien, City rd.. Cheater. LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES DAILY SAILINGS (SUNDAYS INCLUDED) 10.45 a.m. Every Day, by .La Marguerite for Llandudno (4 hour. ashore), Beatimarm,Bangor and Menai Bridge, due back 7.30 p.m. 2,15 p.m. Extra Sailing., Saturday.,Sondays and Mondays for Llandudno sod Menai Straits. For all further information and eoaditions of carriage apply to the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company. Ltd., T. G. Bnew Secretary, 40, Chapel at., Liverpool.

DUBLIN ALSVi. ENGLISH LAKES S TEDCASTLE LINE. S.S. "RLACKROCK," "CUMBRIA," " ERLANA," and " ADELA," from SOUTH Side, NELSON DOCK, Liverpool. Every Tuaaday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, to DUBLIN. Return Saloon, 10s.; Steerage 6s. with Cheap Excursion Tickets EVERY SAILING, DAY, to Bray, Wicklow, Avoca, &c., sad on Fridays and Saturdays to Klllarney,Cork,Bundoran, Warreopoint,&c. Fast S.S." BLACKROCK" every Tueaday and Friday from Liverpool, and Mondays and Wadoesdaye from SPECIAL SIX DAYS SEA CRUISE, per "Cumbria." Every Saturday, to Whitahaven, giving 3 days for Eoglish Lake., thence to Dublin, and hack to Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 month.). Saloon 22a. 6d, or with 14 meal., 21s. additional. Apply TEDCASTLE, McCORMICK & CO., LTD. Liverpool. Telegrams Tedoettle." Telvphone 915 IiANGLANDS' SAILINGS to GREENOCK sad GLASGOW. " PRINCESS LOUISE " or other STEAMER From LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW. (Clarence dock). (Berths No. 22..1 North aide) Tues. J•ly 4, 4 p.m. SataJuly 1, 3 p.m. "8.30 p.m. Sat. July d, 8 p.m. ThurnJuly 6, 3 p.m. *8.30 p.m. Thurs. July 13,12 noon Tues. July 11,1 p.m. 04.37 p.m "Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central,. SPECIAL REDUCED 1 HROUGH TICKETS from Warrington, &c. Single, let class & saloon 134.10 d. ; 3r4 class & saloon 12. Bd.; 3rd clam & steerage is. Return (valid for two months) 3rd dm d reboot. Ille. SPECIAL 10 DAYS EXCURSION TICKETS ltd class & saloon 16.. Gd. : 3rd clam & steerage 9s. 6d. M. LANGLAN DS & SONS, 14, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER. BROWN'S BUILDINGS, EXCHANGE, LIVERPOOL.

LIVERPOOL )lOCE9AN BOARD OF MISSIONS. MISSIONARY FESTIVAL, I'HURSDAY, JULY 6TH, 191 AT WASKINGTON. PROGRAMME. 7.30 a.m.—HOLY COMMUNIO9I, PARISH CHURCH ead other Churches. 12.0 Noon.—SERVICE in PARISH CHURCH. Prissolser, The Rev. J. 0. F. MURRAY, D.D. (Master of Selwya College, Cambridg 2.30 p.m.—CONFERENCE In the ASSEMBLY ROOM, Ssokey.etreet. Sabjeat : "Whet Is e Chords Laynsan's View of Mission. Abroad; " Chsirroao, The Rev. CANON WILLI, Speaker., Cocosm. A. J. Kew,' (Commanding Liverpool Brigade West Lsoce.hire Territorials), (2) Mr. T. It. W. Les; Secretary of the Educational Committee, C.M.S. 5.30 p.m.—YOUNG PEOPLE'S MEETING, PARR HALL. Cheirman, HIS WORSHIP THE M•YOR OP WARRINGTON. Speaker.: (I) The REV. H. 0. PEILI, Secretary of King's Nfeesenevrs, S.P.O. (2) The Rev. IL A. RAYNNI, Home Soperinteadent of British and Foreign Bible hocisty. • 7.90 p.m.—PUBLIC MEETING, PARR HALL. Chalrmas, Aldermsa R. DART, J.P. (of Liverpool). Speakers: (I) The LOBO BISHOP FALKLAND ISLANDS. (1) The LORD BISHOP OW PeaTle (WISTRRN AUSTRALIA). NOTE :—The Collectione througaout the by will be given to the Liverpool Diocesan Board of 3Ussion,

W. HODOKINSON LTD. commence their SUMMER SALE on MONDAY, JULY 3rd. Catalogues sent post free on application. BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

Umbre (llas In Thousands, at KENDALL'S Repairs, Neat, Prompt and eNheLpilll KE 5.,) 14:COVEI \ '--______ Koval to Nor tram KENDALL'S KENDALL'S Umbrella Specialists, 44 SANKEY St., WARRINGTON.

DRESS TRUNKS, with Tray, on castors, from 16 6. OVERLAID TRUNKS and SARATOGA TRUNKS, from 10 6. LADIES' VISITING CASES, 311, 56, 6 9, and 86. STRONG WICKER TRAVELLING HAMPERS, from 10 6. JAPANESE BASKETS, from 1 Also a large selection of Suit Cases, Gladstone Bags, Kit Bags, etc. CAPITAL VALUE THROUGHOUT. E. COATES 72 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

RICHARD J EFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large...raiment of Frsmed Picture. suitable for Wedding sad Birthday Preemie, School Prime, do. Terme moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, sad BORNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE liIIPRODOCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD IMORAVINGS.

STOCKTAKING SALE of FURNISHING GOODS MONDAY JULY 3rd, to SATURDAY AUG. sth, inclusive. Genuine Bargains for Cash or Easy Terms.

PIONEER Blinds Made Free & otelar BOLD ST. LIVERPOOL. Great Bareain• in Carpets.

A SMART . .'',, -I; sx-i--,4, COSTUME .. is i. C . .-, '4. is' , On a summer's day is quite incomplete 46 0, A without one of Our Dainty Sunshades. * .filCtilfisr - '' hilson'sSunshades i heighten the beauty of a pretty face and '. 'tr-1,,J, J/ ' i ' ) I preserve the complextion from sunburn. s .',:' ''.\ Over 1,000 Sunshades in stock at prices to °\ \ s \ ' \ stilt everyone from 1/- upwards. ;-.- '• • \ 'RELIANCE' tb,Ookttiv - , )7*., UMBRELLAS _ . • A 4 4,, T f rom 117 s'... ' Ist L 1 ', , • 3to 3 guineas• -7164,,,, litUitiol, , in D. mand It..wr .- _ zd.„...... 14,005. _ -.4Er Repairs by Competent Workpeople trio, J. WI LSO N 86 CO• 9 UMBRELLA EXPERTS, 48, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.

Misses WOODS 10 Rylands St., Warrington. SUMMER SALE commEnteEs WEDNESDAY NEXT JULY sth.

SOMETHING GOOD. "OLD BOYS" CIGARS. 2d. each. 7 for 1 - "OLD BOYS" TOBACCO- -sd. per oz. 1 9 per lb. T. SUDLOW & eo., TEL 510. 15, Winwick•St , and (35, Buttermarket.St , Warrington.

Mrs. W72tLSH'S Tel 241. SUMMER SALE commences JULY 3rd. Special reductions in Ladies' and Children's Millinery, Blouses, Blouse Robes, Underclothing, Corsets, Hosiery, etc. 50 8c 52. SANKEY STREET, WARRtNGTON.

SMITH & WALKER, TAILORS, . . ARE NOW OPEN AT . . 31, Horsemarket St., Warrington. Telephono 568.

N G THE SPOT SHOP, TO SAM N. GHEE (FISH MARKET FOR EVERYTHING.

Tel. No. 123. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS in Warrlngton,. Tel.NO. 123 E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings Is to f, -,uently save 50 per cent, in labour. BRASS CASTINGS ( weight) ; Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, max ne, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys CONSTRUCTIONAL RON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roots and Buildings, Farmers Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &e. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars Dynamos, Steam Engl.'s, Oil Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Moto". ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Sreciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydrulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs arid Breakdown work, accumulated during an establishment OTer 80 yurs

CARTER & SON. All kinds of Grain and Meal, Medicine., Oyster Shell (and Grits of all vise.), Bone Meal, Grits.] Biacnit Meal, Meal, Flakerine Chicken and Special Chicken Turkey Aleal, kl oiture, and Chikko, Pellets, Mined Poultry Fattening Meal Corn, Do • e (Artnitage's Dry flie4oll// Food, Parrot Chick Food, Food, Rabbit Peat Moss lice Food, Calf in hags,, Coops, • Meal, all Cattle Fountains, • Food, and Troughs, An., ti a e Food.. Ilolannin, POULTRY CARTER & SON, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. Corn Flour and Provender Stores, Corn Millers.

HOUSE FURNISHING. We hold the large•t stock of HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS In the North of England. AND SELL AT THE LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH. R & m 90, to 48. LONDON-ROAD, au HOTHAVA-STREET •I ORIOPORT-STREET. AND FRASER -STREET I LIVERPOOL " u ;tr. re: tdn CAP ra7,l :7" Telegrams, "FURNISHING." Telephone 1214 Roval•

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS are of priceles:, value in keeping the blood free from impurities, and the Liver, Stomach and Kidneys in proper functional activity. They give speedy relief in casesof Headache, Biliousness,Nausea, Dizziness. and cure the worst cases of Constipation. When feeling "out of sorts " take a dose of Holloway's Pills. HOLLOWAY'S Pills & Ointment. ,I01.1.(AVAI-S OINTMENT should be kept always in the house. With a large family it is always useful. Apply it to Bruises, Bring, Scalds, Cuts, Chilblains, Chapped Hands, Woun.l, Boils and Abscesses. It is a failing Cure. It promptly relieves and cores Bronchitis, Asthma, Sore Throat. and other affections of the Throat & Chest. 01 .11 Chemists at I If. 2 9& 4 6p.r Boa or Pot.

110PLICKS FOR BONE, BRAIN AND MUSCLE BUILDING. Horlick's Malted Milk —• • -•-• " - Boys and Girls f tk% Athletes a L Cyclists. • or ill Chaselets ~,d Stores r HM7lltr.ll:ll.'" MALTED MILIK 100 STONE GROUND WHEI,T. Always eat TANI • llinson Wholemeal Bread It is a necessity for those who would be well. NAMI 1‘ IR LAI Mare same per Inn MR NATURAL FOOD CO., LTD..

NOW IS THE TIME for FARMERS WITH CAPITAL to turn their attention to the money-making possibilities of WESTERN AUSTRALIR Special selected Government- surveyed and cleared areas are available for settlement. ASSISTED PASSAGES F.,r parnplks and fnrtlwr partlrtilllrol, apply P-1 the Al i FINT-GEN 1.1 KA It St, WESTERN AUNTHALI 5, 11, Veb,re Stre,L, lins.lon,

fc- CC Exquisite flavour, strength, quality and great economy are found combined in Symington's Coffee Essence. Cost: 4 cups tcl. SYMINGTON'S COFFEE ESSE.NC.E.

Thousands of People Eat BERMALINE BREAD just because it is nice.—But what a lot of good they are doing them- selves in a quiet way! Ask for a Loaf To-day. Manufautured and Sold by : E. BROWN & Sons, Family Gropers, LIMN.

'EATHERS . . . . . CLASS WATERING HOSE TESTI MON lAL —"The hose I ha I front you ten years ago is as good as ever and likely to last another ten 63 LONG ACRE. LONDON

Th HTy FRruts ifis.,!!rar!,s7;,.. E Aj: pular remedy. used Incontinent-II Hospi sby irornlostasjobert.Vrlo • eau & grebes*, surpasses everyths ns hitherto employed lot impurstyr4l,lood,spots,bloo hes,pasn swells nsofjog n s, kidney, blsdsler 6 ursnary diseases. strs tun, da hug, pilesatra,el, painsinhark, gout:rheas. tnoseshauttoss, sleeplessness, kr. lh roe fors. N. 11,2 a a, r ordin Io diseases. Price 2/9 'parts sitars Id. stasis) P.sl sn Great Br Sham from The ',Clem Idedh ine Co. /II asos• YockdouLlisasso..lead.Londos.• prior !sal herststs, pie. tiny Capella@ reliev Ridoey and Bladder Troubl sfN TAi promptl• and cure in forty-eight boon. Itach Capella bears the IMMO !tidy." gold MlDNCbereleta, or poet free 7a. Id, trout WILCOX It CO. (Dept 50) 0.11 , Loewe,

A PRICELESS POSSESSION. THE VERDICT OF THE PEOPLE. THOUSANDS OF LETTERS. Thousands of letter. have been received from con- sumers of Dr. Tibblee' Vi-Cocos stating how glad the writers are that this wonderful food-beverage was brought to their notice. Fresh letters arrive by every post Clearly the country favours the protection of health. And this is the special mission of Vi-Cocoa. It is health-protecting and disease-defeating. Are yours favour of Protection? Have you cant sour vote for Health ?enervation ? In other words, have you used or ordered Vi-Cocoa so ? If not, then we would say to you: Be on your guard against the invasion of Disease ! Shield your health by using • food which is admitted by thousands to he '' the finest food beverage ever placed before the public." Do not ask your grocer for "Cocos " ask for wra —lt nub • all the difference. Every grocer sells \-1-Cocoa in lid packets and Od, and Is. fid. tins.

Monday Next and throughout July. A GENUINE SALE to clear off Surplus Stock and the Goods still unsold damaged by water during the recent flood. An opportunity for securing reliable goods AT BARGAIN PRICES. EACH THURSDAY DURING JULY WILL BE A REMNANT DAY.

IBargains in Coats and Wraps I

Covert, Tweed and Serge Coats from 8/11. Cream Serge Coats from 10,6. Rain Coats, very special value from 21/- Dust Coats from 18/6. All Satin, Voile and French Tweed Cloth Wraps greatly reduced.

1 Bargains in Summer Frocks and Gowns

All Cashmere, Voile, Ninon, San Toy and Foulard Gowns at bargain prices. Pretty Zephyr Frocks from 86. White Muslin Frocks from 15/6.

1 Bargains in Ladies' and Children's Underwear

White Skirts, trimmed embroidery from 1/11i. Ladies' White Knickers trimmed embroidery from 1/4i.

IBargains in Coats and Skirts 1

Hats, trimmed flowers, for holiday wear from 24.14. Hats, trimmed Gauze Ribbon from 1/6i. All French Models at less than half-price. IBargains in Furnishing Goods I Cretonnes, Taffetas, Tapestries and Art Serges, Carpet Squares, Carpet Ends and Curtains.

Sunshades at less than half cost price. Special reductions in Ladies' Belts to clear. The newest shapes in Peter Pan and c_uaker Collars at Sale prices. Bargains in All—Wool Blankets Odd and soiled pairs to be sold at half-price. Turkish Towels (Christy's). A large quantity of the best quality towels to clear from 60. each. Don't miss these bargains. Bargains in Men.'s Wear Special reductions in Tweed and Flannel Holiday Suits, Sale price from 17 6 the suit. Special bargains in Rain- proof Coats & Mackintosh Coats. Sale price from 21/- each.

16, 18 & 20, Sankey Street, Warrington.

• ARNoLD & LEWIS, Late Simmoes. DOLDMITHS, SILVERSMITHS, JEWELLERS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. The newest sod roost elegant deafens In GOLD and OEM JEWELLERY, HOLD, SILVER & OXYDISED and BRACELET WATCHES of the most reliable finish. A very large Selection of Clocks sod Eleotro-plite. SPECIAL DISCOUNT 25 soi p.r coot. for csah.B .21, BT. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. FURNITURE, CARPETS, DECORATIONS. Garnetts WARRIMITON and LIVERPEICIL. (122 Bold ...trent.) E stoLlished Manuf act when Otiargo the Fourth was King.

PEEBLES' HOTEL HYDRO. A PALATIAL HOTEL WITH THE COMPLETE BATHS INSTALLATION OF A CONTINENTAL SPA. Magnificently situated 600 feet above eas level. Charming Excursion. io the" WALTER SCOTT" conotry. Delightful GROUNDS, TENNIS, CROQUET, BOWLS, GOLF, excellent 18 hole course. MOTOR Gera ge. LatestELECTRICAL TREATMENT. Expert Massage. Breident Physician. Terms during July, Auguet and September from £3 10s. per week.—Seed for Illustrated Tariff to A. M. TIMM, Director.

LACKPOOL--APARTMENTI2, Central, Is. each in per day, lacluding two is bed,—Mrs. 19, Minted. BLACKPool...—Comfortable APARTMENTS. Bed 000klog. atteedance la, each. Central.—Mrs. BILLINGToN, 78, Ribble rd. BLACKPOOL.—Sepsrior Private APARTMENTS; pleasantly situated, facing sea.—Bau., 9. Crystal terrsos, Promenade. ELACKPOUL.—Comfortable Apartments, tompolary A/ or pormarleot ; near em ; terms modorate.— Baowu god PARKIN, 56, Osborne rd., 8.8. les LACRPOOL. Comfortable APARTMENTS; minuto from Talbot rd. station; plano.-11ra. Stoma:Ay, 26, Edward at., Berwick House. BLACK POOL.—Publio and private APARTMENTS; nem Talbot rd. station and sea; terms moderate. Mrs. G. F.M cv, Glen Est, 10, Springfield rd. BLACK POOL.—Comfortae APARTMENTS near hl sea sod Central Station; piano.—Mrs. Scales", Primrose House, 38 Bairstow at. (horn Normanton). BBLACEPOOL (North Sbors).—Visitors will MA every home comfort; well recommeedod.—Mrs. MOULTON, 29, Banks it. (1 min. Talbot rd. Station). BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS with or without board. Close to sea end Central station. Pismo. —Mn. Wm. Rags, Combs Home, 70, Horoby rd. LACKPOOL.—Comfortablo APARTMENTS at usual terms; 2 min. from sea and Tolbot rd. Station.—Mrs. RoIIINSON, Ivy House," 61, Lord It. 11/I LACKPOOL—Comfortablo APARTMEN IN with or without board ; central to both stations sad all amaseesectie ; piano.-11re. B. NORTH, 8, Alfred et.

Blackpool continued. Di LACK POOL.-APARTMENTS, puiSo and prints ; 1-1 board optioaal ; piano; bath ; 2 minutes South Shoes Station and Victoria Flu-Sirs. Basins Latchford Home, 10, Bright at. BLACKPOOL.- and printer APARTMENT'S. Bed. cooking, In., each person. Board from 25e. per week. Bath, °yds accommodatioo, 1 minute Talbot rd.staLlon Lod uorth pier.-Mrs £lloll,2,Lord at BLACKPOO-Comfortable APAKTMENS-,-board .9-9 optional ; 1 min. from tea ; cppoeite Talbot rd Stationj borne comforts. Central to all amusementa. -Mrs. T. WARNING, 6,Cookson et. WACKPOOL.-Bed, cooking and atteodance, la. each person ; three minutes Central Station and ; boarders 25e. weekly ; cycle sccommodation.- Mre. ELLAM, 27, Charnley rd. BLACKPOOL.-Publioand Private APARTMENTS; board optional; good beds and Aces; every CMH- TeilleHOS,-Mrs, E. CHADWICK, 29 Lansdale rd., off Lytham rd. mar Manchester Hotel end we. DLACKPOOL-Comfortablo APARTMENTS, close A-. to Central Station. Near entertainments piers and sea. Pisiso.-Mrs. CHAPMAN, 63, Coronation at., (late of 17, Hall rd.) HOLIDAYS. -Ilealtlty, kappa Home for Nroirien or An. Camp for men.-Proepeolus, HISPH•M LODGE, Blaokpool. BLACKPOOL -Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without boned; 1 mi.. Talbot rd. station, sea and ell ; piano.-Mrs. A. CADMAN, 23, Edward st. BISPEIAM, Blackpool.-Pubilo, Private Apartments on cliffs, facing sea and car.-WittioS 5,7, Red- , bank rd., Bispbam. ErkLACKPOOL.-Comfortable APARTMBNII3, near Central Station, see, and smunment.-Mrs CATTOS:, Westtown House, 15, Vance rd. BLAcKpooL-ComfortAble APART:Mb:NTS, booed optional, 3 minutes sea nod Central Station; I each porson, cooking nod attendance ; bath, piano.- We. JOHNSON. 111, Central Terrace. Central Drive. - I IOtpLACKPOOL.-Bed, cooking and atteudance, 1-9 each person; two minutes from Central Station I sod IDS ; piano.-Mon. 11 Change, td., off I Coronation it. BLACKPOOL.-ComfortabIeAPARTMENTS; tern. moderate ; 1 min. from Talbot rd. Station, North Pier and rtes.-Mho DAWSON, Warrington House, 15, Lord et, North Shore. el LE VEL E YS, BLACKPOOL.- FURNISHED 9-, HOUSE and APARTIIENTS to Lot, close to en and tram-Tuscan, Aochorsholm lane. BLACKPOOL.-APARTMENTS (board ptional), one min. promonade; good acoommodtion for cyclists ; piano.-Mrs. Core, 68, Lytham rd., S.S. BLACKPOOL.-Cornfortable APARTMENTS with or without board, 1 min. Talbot rd, Station ; home comforts; piano.-Mrs. J.W.DARRISON, Prospect Horne, 5, (horn. vt. LACKPOOL.-Comfortable APARTMENTS (board opt local). sear see, truss, elation and pier; every 000venience ; terms moderato-Mot CHAPSIAN, 21, Besot st , Smith Shore. LACKPUII S.& -Conaiv mole APA lITMEh IS with or without board; terms moderate; every OonVesie•c• ; Ba •ISH,Near promettede.-111re.WILezes, 2, Wellington rd. (late of Manchester), _ BL tCKPOOL.-APARTMENTS, pubflc arnaTilvate fine sea view; 3 roinutea South Shore Ststlon.- SWINDRI.I9, 4, Witbnell rd.. S S.

uLACKPOOL.-APARTMENTS, 2a.sight,2 penrone; board optional; pisno, comfort guaranteed.— Mrs. GREGORY, 33, Crystal rd., off Promenade. BLACKPOOL—Coorfortablo APARTMENTS wilb or without board. Miaow from ma sod plor Naar station.—Mrs. Ihoo pis, 5 Miller at., off Shaw rd.' South Shore. rftLACKPOOL.—C.,mfortable APARTMENTS close 1./ to sea nod emumments. Roth, piano. Is. each per day. Public sod prirste.-51rs. COOPER, 7, Park Avenue, Central. 1)p LACKPOOL.—.Home from home' Bed, cooking and attendance, Is. each yerson; minute Central Station and Sea; boarders from 25.. weekly; cycle lacoommodation.—kfrs. Las, 25, Hornby rd.

1 in LACKPOOL—Cornfortaide APARTMENTS; board 13 optional; terms moderato; one minute front me; bath, Ac.—Mrs. OSBORNE, 3, tipper Braithwaite at., North Shore. (Late of Warrington). IFILACKPOOI.—APAHrMENTS, public or private 'with or without board ; 5 minutes for South Shore Station and Victoria Pier; piano mad beth.—Mrs. J. CLARE, Orappenball Howe, 2 Bright at. TILACKPOOL..—PubIio and Private APARTMENTS 11 2 minutes from station and Victoria Pier. Terms I moderate. Board optional—Mra JONES, 18, Church at. South Shore.

J 3, LACKPOOL—A Home from Home, bed, good cooking ssd attendance, 2s. two potions; tamp Of at station and sea.—Mrs. R. WORTHINGTON!, 16 King it.

S OUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS publio and private with or without board; one minute from promenade and amusements t opposite Citesbire Linea I t-Lotion ; bath, piano.—M COaTts, 12, Lord it. QOUTllPORT.—Comfortable APARTMENTS near prom. and arnueementa.—Misaas 8111111, 55, King I et, lot. Hiding it., mod. rmip. I fiIIOUTHPORT.--Wel I-furnished RESIDENCE,Dining. 17 Drawing, 4 bedrooms, hatbroom, &o.; about 360. —67. BALLIOL RD., Booties.

S 0 LT THPO RT.—Co =for La bI e APARTMENTS, public or private; or. Promenade.—Mrs. CoUrrenz., 24, Beth et. QOl3 EHPORT.—APARTMENTS, 2 mleates hos Y.R. station; good arroking.—Mre.HOWlPlZLD, 29, Eleweaside at. SOILT.HPOLTA.Nzr.—AAPIARTMEN JTl3,,ZosiTitZ; , Station rd.., Parbold. " 4.IOUTHPORT. Ti, Midd'elon'r,Tniketb M., for Punk n. 7 Home-made BREAD and CON FECI lONERY (Tee Rooms). Late Dining Rooms, Windermere. SOOTHPORT.—Suparior APARTMENTS or board, 2 minutes station and promenade, term. moderate. Burin, Olenboime, 2t Derby rd. S 0 UM PO RT . —APARTMENTS with or withal board • aloes I. pier sad promenade • we view bath; piano: Re.—Mre. J. W. MARSDEN., M,um villas 24, Bold at.

North Wales. ANO LESEY.— FARMHOUSE, Famished; 4 bed. rooms, 2 sitting, and kitchen. &c.—Apply Mrs. HUGH SE, Cae Add., Cemaes Ray. A NO LESEY. -APARTMENTS in farmhoose,besoti- C 1 folly emoted, neer sea shore; very bracing.— Mrs. JoNas, Coe Du, Llanrhyddlad. ABERYSTWYTIL - Pleasant and healthy ROOMS, every comfort given, good locality ; moderate , terma.—Mre. Jasares,lsfr4n,Llanbadarn rd. A BERYSTWYTH.—Comfurtable APARTMENTS; .tA. good cooking • close castle and beach.—Mlas 0 w ial, 3. Castle Terrace. ABERYSTWYTH.—Coinfortable APARTMENTS, farrieg in; par golf flub.; terms moderate ; Mamp.-llfm. STIP/MOON, A BERYStWYTH.-3 sitting, 7 bedroom,; wal [M. furnished ; every convanienoe and comfort muted • clam promenade; best positi.in : board or otherwir;e ; moderate.—H•RDlN,.., 'Athlone," Cliff Memos. TriE-A—U4T-Ant B.—PKIVATR strroo-Roomo or 2 bedroome.-49, Commit ST. nEAOMARILI, 4 roomed COrTAGE furnished, 2 beds..., in. nes cooker.-88, N&wST. COLWYN BAY.—Prieste APARTMENTS, central for an and woods.—PARKPISLD, Abergele rd. CRlOClRTEL—Comfortable APARTMENTS, close to an; rpleedid vise • good cooking; very modem/a—Owns, CH*. House:.

RHYL.—Superior APARTMENTS; every comfort; Lib good cooking.—Mrs. M'CarirmEr, Holmdel., 10, River aL RHYL.— Comfortable homely APARTMENTS, bear sea, amosemems ; terms moderate.—Mrs. Ph.D.s, Clarersdoo Home, Wellington rd. lIIREFRIW.—COUNTRY HOUSE to let Furnished; June and July; 5 bedrooms, sitting-room and kitchen ; beautiful soenery ; Mo.. to Crafriant Lake.— WILLIAMS, Bias. Nam Farm. COLW TN BAT.—Superior APARTMENIS.—Mm. BROWNE, .Spriorgaeld," Egmton rd. COl.--YYN BAY.—The Premier HOliday Rewer—Cf, superior sod comfortable APARTMENTS, tan- verniont for se., pier, woods, and golf links—Apply, CONISTON, Greenfield rd. ri RICCI ATH.—Pri vats A PARTM SNTS ; two sitting- 's./ rOOnla, 5 bedrooms; near NM and toonia.—Mrs WILLIAMS, thdrhurst, Stanley rd. ARN ARVON DISTRICT.—APARTMENTS, Fur nished Houses, dc.—Seod leasc.loriss, 14, Castle Sq., Carnarroo, particulars of your requirements. nYSERTA, NORTH WALES.—Three-roomed .1./...g.ttam,2o,4spriLn,roilldys,c,wnuteagr,...station , July 25th FARMHOUSE—Lot or Board ; 3 bedrooms; 1 sitting-room ; magnificent mountalo scenery.— Miss Roirrwr,, Commies, Towyn, Merionethebire. LLAN FAISFECHAN N. WALES.—APARTMENTS, two sitting, three bedrooms, clean, comfortable. Moderate WHlM—Apply THOMM, Yr.:on Menlo., Valbry rd. LLAND UDNO.—Poblic and prirsteAPARTMENTS; bath, piano; tams moderate.—Hrooranorron, Albany view, Lloyd st. ULAN DUDNCh—Cleart homely APARTMENTS ; ooe AI minute see ; good toukrog ; terms moderate.— LANCROLM, COMO rd. I—LANDUDNO.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, good I-4 cooking, terms moderate, pisoo.—Mrs. Dawns, 2, Tygwyn Terme. LLANNI:ONO, 6-Room Forolabed COTTAGE to Let for Joly risco APARTMENTS; term. moderate Twom AS, The Each, Orme. Heed. LLAN DUDNO : 7, Pdostyn et.—APARTMENTS, with or without board ; Deer pier and station; moderate termn—PßOrrlTT. LLANDUDNO. Comfortable APARTMENTS; private sitting room ; one or two bedrooms ; near golf; car paseen—Jonrs, Ormoode," Llsodudoe.. LLAN DU DNO and North Wale. Coast—For Furnished Houses, also Property for Sala and to LlM.—Apply RYAN, Auotioorier. Llandudno. LAN GOLLEN.—Comfurtable Sitting-room, Double. RA bedded room ; full board, El le. per week.— WILLIAMS, Plasbilmon Farm, Llantyailio. _ 113ANTYMWYN (near the Leste Valley. Loggerheads, and Mod l Fnmnt.u),—APAllTMpiS be ideal spot—Mrs. BRINTON, ROM MOsot, Parayrowyn, Mold. PRESTATYN.—IIooss, Furnished, or Apartment.; 2 sitting, Shed rooms, 4 beds.—Mrs. THOMPSON Palmsira Gordo... DIRIPSTATYN.—Hooses, Bungalows, For—raWed ▪ Unfornlsbed ; Let or Sale; stamp.—Wm. DroLs- THILD, Agent, Prestatyn. PRESTATTN.—Comforlable APARTMENTS to Let Whit onwards; sea frost; moderate.—Mise WILLIAMS, Oakbrost. 13WLLHELL—APARTMENTS; clots to sea; golf; tennis. Terms moderate.—Mrs. Jones, Goillwig, Recreation rd.. Went End. RHOS.ON-SEA.—APARTMENTS ; near promenade and golf huh,- terms moderate.—Mrs. Owe., Wien View. Unisys Crescent. RHY L.—Superior APARTMENTS; moderate terms; Rood cooking. dc.—Mr.. Komar, 35, River .t. RHYL—Conifortable APARTMENTS 1 minuto from ; good cooking; terms loolosive.—Soson,l7, %Merton rd.

HYL.—Cleso comfortable APARTMENTS ; close 14 sea sad prom ; good cooking, terms moderato.— Mrs. Wiu.srr, 42, Jobia .t. -RuyL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; rod cook- ing; fleet HO, station.—Mrs. JONES, Hill Ctest. liginsk AMMO. 11)p HYL —Public sad Priests APARTMENTS, both; RL facing South African monmsmata.-Mm.CATnaIitALL, 43, West Parade.

RHYL.—Comfortable sunny APARTMENTS; brth ; cycle socommodation ; min. pronsenade,moderate. —l6.aos COTTAGE, 5, Palate A•1)000, T°RQUAY.—Saperior APARTMENTS, near sea front and statics ; 10s, per meek each or lees for a party of 6O, B.—Mrs. Roscii,Wilson Ville, Areone rd.

NORTH WALES FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE For Guide id Specific Informatioa, Lint of Hotels Boarding Establishmeats, Priests Apartments, olc., send Postage (2d.) to " SECRETARY," Official Chamber. at Trefrivr Spa, Menai Bridge, Criocisih, Bangor, Rhyl, Llaowrst, Conway, Aml.rch, Llanfairfechaa, Colwyn Bay Abergele. Prestatyn, I.l,odudno, Carnarvon, Portmadoo, Holyhead, Bettwynceed, Pemessorsawr, Degaawy, Boaumarb,

Miscellaneous. RIDLINGION.—A PARTMENTS, does to ma and Spa; Loma saorletata.-111144 Fun., Wantland., Catalpa rd.

DOUGLAS, I.O.M.—APARTMENTS ; pleasantly situated • overlooking bay neer Risme, Central pLomenade.—lirs. HALM, Sf•lleid, Pal.. rd. nOUOLAEL-Britanois Home, Harris Promenade, Board sod residence, from ea ed. per day ; bed, from 2. a night.—J. LOMDALIC. nouGLAs, I.O.M.—Everything to mare comfort, d-E \adds and pIeasore.—LAWRISCII BARNE3, Balla. Oowan, Queen's-trrrace. DOUGILAS.—APA RTMENTS ; every borne comfort, close Promenade. Tes,bed, breakfast, 3s. Id.; beds, 3.—Mr.MACLEOD, 4, Prince. rd. IIOVOLA9.—APARTMENTS ; beds 25. par night for RJ two persons ; tag, bed and breakfast, 3. 6d.' cable Imre to end of street—Mrs. COWAN, 7, Be rkeloy st CHURCH STRETTON.—BagIish Highlaads, Apert. moots, mod. facing bill.— w Wayside," Watling it, Churoh Stratton: Salop. po plorgo.S.•L 3 re.rogaoiano,..B.li,bieLllth h..c.8.1.1,112.utet LIRANCE, Bereeval-Sor-Mer, me, Dieppe, Meld beeutiful sits ; board residence from Mrs. daily ; magnificent sea view, good bathing, bracing. IfSWICIL—APARTMENTS, 2 sitting 4 bedroom., RR. one with 2 beds, quiet pony and trap, on. of beIdam—EDMONDSON, Braabweite, Kel5lllOlL •^ LAKE DISTRICT.—APARTMENTS ; modern MUM- house ; 3 minutes IIIt.tioII.—SI'RINGFIELD FARM, Plyerston.

L AKE DISISICT (Keswick), comfortable APART- MENTS or Board Residecce ; modern conveni- ences ; near park, Las, and station—CLAßK, 0 1011VCSOT BOUM LWONDO VISITOK-S.-Conifortobie APAR—TAINT& bed and breathed, 2e. Gloucester Cement, Regent Pork, Loodon, N.W. its ATLOCK.—Comfortable APARTMENTS ; nplen-LVI I dldly nitrated; plano.—Mrn C. P. Knorrtss, Spring Cottony, Haekoey.

Miscellaneous. MORECAMBE, Central.—Clean, homely APART- .I7I. NESTS ; good gels accommodatlon.-11m. WITTY, 11in Futon rd. MORECA %1 BE.— Comfortable APARTMENTS, moderate ternia,bath, imin. Promenade and band. Mr.. CARR, 116, Clarendon rd. MORECA)IIIE.—APARTMENTS, public or priest-Ai, . 2 minute. from L. and NAV. btation and sea UPTON moderate; batlroom, dc.—Mre. SANFORD, 17, Kensington rd.

IVIORECAIIRE.—/tdre. STRINGFELLOW (from Leigl74, Weetbourne, 30, Oxford .t.: three minutes from Centro! Pier, Sr. from L. A N -W. Station (near the New Tower.) Piano. Beds 26. two persons. MORECAMBE . —PuLlio and Private APART- ILL LENTS, every home comfort, in. emit ;arson board if required; 1 minute, promenads.—ifre. Thorseville flats Orees at.l,36,Sea View Parade. W. 13 I\TEW BRlGHTON.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, -IA 1 min. from thorn; moderate.-15. RICHMOND OT, QCARBOROOGIL—APA KT M ENTS, orerlook Ind sea SO and Clareeme Girder ; bath.—Mm.P.W.SmontrY 99, Queens Panda ‘s,CARISOROUGH APARTMENTS, exoelleet kJ accommodation neer sea and all antusemests South Shore—al re. ILERRISON, 1, Bleeds Old. Qloutbera.-Intending visitors to South.? should welts 1,0 embed°, penny stamp for Visitor • Weekly Pro- gramme to S.Wol NO New Hu. 'di oge,Elm Grove Souther. MATTENHALL.—FURNISHED HOUSE TO LET, 2 entertaining, I bedroom.; bathroom, vr.c. ; garden, and otarbuildiogs ; moderate terms.-13., The Avenue, Tattanhall. WINDERMERE.—. TURNERS," The Bengal.; Cad, ((vomit* "0 Hood" Gate.) Plead., Choke and small parties reasonably catered for. WESTMORELAND.—Parrnhouse APARTMENTS, lake district, etation I mile, lovely ecenery good flehing.—Pßlcg Err, Ilincester Hall, Milothorpe I NIWIt %FERE Marathoner, APARTMENTS situated antidet beautiful lake end mountain soeoery with good taking wean:, on the (RlM—Apply USSR, Troutback Park, Windermere. "%TORE/MIRE, Moors sod Coset.—Whitby.—Well- futrembed MOUSE; 6 bedrooms, bath, near beach and golf. Illustrated list free—OKAY I Soot, House Agent; Whitby.

LUXEMBURG r_l RAND DUCHY of LUXEMBURG, for bracing VW holiday in the Ardor:nee. Through nervier. from London In IN hoary. Visit Luxemberg, the *tureenue capital, the " Gibraltar" of the North ; blondorf.lee- Bain% a rising thermal station, renowned for water cures. Nowhere are so many ruins of feudal castle; Viandem La Itocbette, Hollenfels, Bourscheld, Branden- burg, Each-on-Sure, with Diekirch ma centre for Incur- do= ' • the romantic Mollertal, the beautiful valleys of the Sure, Moselle, and the Our. Excellent hotels throughout the whole country. Pension term, train 50. to 12s.—Por full particulars apply " Association dee Hotelier.," Luxemburg.

GllENNT,..—CilmotiFdlaerszdiAncieptthAlonarnts. this beautiful old oily, rop.la.te wfttrrlal'ori°cault rellcs*oll the civic and religious atrugglor of the Middle Aim— Boontirr, " Standard " ; or 161, Boni. Nord, Brussels. GHENT 1913 GHENT INTERNATIONAL AND UNIVERSAL EXHIBITION. APRIL, 1913 NOVEMBER. THE EVENT OF THE YEAR. CENTRAL MARKET FOR EUROPE

GOLF GOLF /10LF IX LE ZOU IT, KNOCK E-S.MER, BELGIUM near Oeteed, Rising nenaide rot. Breezy dunes. Flneet natural la.hole golf link on the Continent. I Good Hotel.. Golf Club. Engllhh Church. No death dutien—Apply It. HARRIS, 193, Fleet it., E.C. • 13, Rue Flood.), Ghent or Knott; 161, BouL Nord, 'Brumaels. I lEGE.—HOTEL DS SORDE.—Leadlog hotel. ILA &wry modem comfort; APARTMENTS with Whs.—A.3f ;coon's, Proprietor,

This highly finished coach painted car- -.......„..<1 ~. , .---- '---,/,' , riage with registered reversible hood Crocketts, Leather Cloth k,,14.A 1 CASH 1 Upholstery, Steel Springs, PRICE Wllllll4**/ Full Sized Body with 39/. ,411 r. 4t Straps Suspension. ....awl , f !i. gray 4 INSPECTION INVITED J. S. °ARLAND , 51,53 & 55 BRIDGE St. WARRINGTON The 'MARVEL Rem 39 - Folding Go-earea from 10 6, Quality Guaranteed.

KIDNEY TROUBLE AND "Every Picture tells a Story" •- ,--_- V Ikfi e...,.cr ~,,...„5,.- k. ' .. If lir ........4„ • nee yen' her 1 _.„._......>, .. `"."..,, • ~,,,- ' ~,..., The aching bark warns !AM The rheumotir ltringen— the lumbago pains Thai I ired, elrowny, irrilable feeling. Era Bacxacne inf iv lip Kid ney r _

IDANT= VIRUS le set. Petoss. bet DICIITROTZ RATS & MICE iDRAW= VIRUS, Ltd., 800 tlh PS enitell Ws", lades KC.. see et ell elbenskce Do your Eyes Trouble You? ----, "-- . ..,- . Do things ever seem t,) gyow misty and blUntrd ? Ti!, 155 warning of Eyestrain— and y, u should have your el,. tested. N eslect can only add to the trouble. By our scichfihc tests we could tell if you need Glasses. •nd in that cat, supply those winch would give the greatest possible benefit. Call to-clay. ARCHER 8, SONS E,..4., spec:alias. S 73, LORD TREET --- . Neb. 1014 LIVERrooL ............... k BORWICK'S N Plie°st WFriDendE."R. _ liosit, u \ ANNA:IIi%

GATHERED '11:004110 rc E. A. CLarters, OA of ;9, Smeilley Road, 00. Cheetham. Manchester. writes A fter a etay's washina my thumb ached and throbbed. • Then it gathered. .d proud &eh showed all rouod. The pain wae terrible, .d for sia weeks I couldiet work. Poultices and ointm.ts did no .od lam-Ruk, however, soothed tb. pain and inflammation, drew otit ell the Fad matter kora the thumb. and healed the N 4,10 place beautifully .ith wow skin.' .• a m-Buk

WATCHES OF PRECISION AND QUALITY 'Alir - IRA LIKE THOSE MADE HY . J. W. BENSON, LTD., • ARE A PURCHASE FOR A LIFETIME. , BENSON'S WA/CF/ES contain Imprc:,.- •.,,,, 7N\ . ‘,//:,,,ni t s i ntrpo,:dm It g,,pl, ko ~/,1, pt a I it- ‘r,uhra a 0. tl/id. • r -bhei Is listv V.Ol- i --- main featulTs in Watch wcu Is, and no othrr li, rs s. i ~,,. can equal them. : ~,.. ~ /Ns • • THE "110 KEYLESS ' 3 ` A* ENGLISH LEVER' .. --- - FOS LADINS. ... • . ..' - .• i IN tB4-1. Gold , Crystal Glas, ......., 1"..",:r , Casa, SIO. THE "BANK" WATCH ....i ,i Best London Made keyless 1,1, ) ir - E "girth Leper, in 4 Sterling Sit. 'A • 7.er, Crystal Glass Casa, SA. '',,, Or Half Hunting Cases, Se -,.. ((as illustrated). - / / /N, '‘ 18-cl. Gold Cases, Crystal Glass, SI& ' de.4.......... • i ' 1 • They are sold at strictly Moderate Prices ( 1 for Cash, or on .Citoe Chits" System MONTHLY PAYMENTS of 10/. \ ' , • ..-• : and upwards. , Owners write that The "FIELD," " LUD- -' i '4. *%/ GATE," and "BANK" Watches are of • ---1-2--%y " INCOMPARABLE EXCELLENCE." -17: SELErTIONS WILY BE SENT TO INTF.A. NON) - THE "LUDGATE" WATCH BUYERS AT 01•12 KIM AND EXPENSE London Made English Lever, in Silver, 1 0 ystal Glass Cases, ES 53. Mostralal Boots rosr MILL in /8-Cr. Goili Cti,s, NI2 12a. . No. Lot Watches. frr.ll4..rllal. PM f- riming MAWR Broceltos.& Jewellery. NO. 2. of (Wks, - Ertipirrt" Plart, A In- j. W. BENSON, LTD., oxproworr Silver l /owdo for Floscula , • !Motion 11. vapor. . 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, PaPaPa"."ol./ LON noni. E.O.

New Digestions for Old strength for debility cheerfulness for despondency health for health such are the good results following a course of Beecham's Pills. If you are suffering from indigestion or any of the complaints to which it gives rise you will find the World's Family Medicine remove the trouble and restore the organs to healthy action. This, at least, has been the experience of hundreds of thousands of people who have been led to adopt it during the past three generations and there is no reason why it should not be your experience, also. Dyspepsia, liver and kidney derangements, biliousness, headaches, sickness, constip- ation are some of the many disorders from which you may find relief After Taking BEEcHAm 9 s PILLS. Sold everywhere in boxes, price lii (55 pills) & 29 (lee pills). • THE ROYAL SHOW.

, ....Lii _ KE AT INc ,s POWDER KILLS FLEAS BMUS MOTHS RUCS. FLEAS BEETLES MOTHS BUSS. TINS e3° 6' ill- Fkilli I I IN lim WATCHES • 11,111 LI WATCII ST iniou.w.; PRICI n. =l.l-T.MILTZreZ LT—. Ls 11•11-marlud Illror Aar I-Arse. 114/9. rum a. 979 40•Trakra . From E. 0. ARNOLD & CO.. 11.14•90699 IL, Covent Rare., London W. 991 81.09, bet 11/strob trA r yew repair

Goop MASON'', A CONSTANT USER SAYS : SCULL, NOP irc,Lx. CRIRTIMIXIC—For year. I took • tie.. of Malt Liquor before dinner to create an tiotadite. as I was • poor feeder. Some months ago I heard of your P.:tract for making Beer. I gave It a tnal and have ever since used It as a stabsti. tute for the oat,. and the result is most satis- factory. After bents bottled etc.. dan ia aa bright and sparkle, like bottle,' Ale. Since taking it I have been free from the cruel pa.ns of Indigestion. frwu winch I lied !suffered along time. Now. instead of solos to the h ntse " in the evening for in y liaual elan, smoke toy pipe at bon, ditch my herb Beverage and emoy it. go to bed and Weer, soundly. I have recommended t to many ”ilk.rs. who have tried it with like meths. Your ,-it here thought fought to give YOU • testi. 1., Anal. lam. Sin. your. 1. W. Ile makes 8 lenses. Soil everywhere. fy Bottle toss ft. e 8 Mump,. NEW BAll s MASON. Nolifiqkom

ee am,:s Cures when all remedies fail. It acts like magic relieving all pain and throbbing and soon cures the worst CORNS and BUNIONS. Boxes as aid. of all Chemists. N. MUM 0 101,

PURIFY YOUR ILOO SY TANI. OLD OR. JACOB TOWNSEND'S celebrated SARSAPARILLA. Snot fails to cure Eczema. Boils. Pimple., and all Sk Orer 100 ~,,, 'record. Hundreds of Tem./towels. aU Chemists, or tiose tree /realm OLD 08. JACOB TOB NIIENDU BARSAPILLA DEPOT, NOTTINGHAM • CURE YOUR PILES _and Arend Palnftil Operations. LOM nss e•ef ,o,oenen, et stemma,' 0 ...es. • Glees Mutant Relief and Permanently Came, LOA RIO *oil tore lOC c 3on o OUR latr SPECIAL 0.1. OFFER. e.‘ • Week s apply •4111,0 IRAS La •/,y eaa.n. s arde 3 Peary Sworn Be toter pf sonar and ;mama, tat LOMA° SAMPLA Si..al Well. Word SI.. Loadoe,

KENDAL MILNEco-9 MANCHESTER

FURNITURE DECORATION CARPETS, CURTAINS. v..- TELEGRAMS. -.KENIm'L" TELEP,IONE. 6203.

Tle Furnishing Problem —Solved I •_ HOW can I increase the pur- chasing power of every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture ? The solution of that problem will be found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic, sturdily-built furniture, our perfect . manufacturing and se ling organisation enables us to quote prices that are much below those charged 2lsewhere for the same articles. No matter whether you Furnish for Cash _.-- Convenient: 7 Paument Sustem your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth noting. We allow 2/. in the A di or Cash Payments can be arranged to salt Customer. No obectionalyle agreements to sign. Every Article manufactured under our own direct control and superstOun. We pay carriage to all perm Goods delivered in Private Vans. Every Furnishing Reloisite supplied. Good Val.. awl .....fied Custttmers account Pm the phenonsensl ge,rth 05 001 busineys. Guarantee. „f.,.",'',,,":;',7;','•.tg,' .. that does is give absolute sati.lastion. , 1.." Writ. or Call for Cotalodu•. 1 la-a-ill Furnishing Co. P E MARAOOKE,E Livel'i':l"ol
