===== 0002601_19111111_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRIN OATssOZATCIOANL EDONIAN GRAND SCOTTISH CONCERT, CO-OPERATIVE HALL, CAIRO ST, o: THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16Th, 1911, BY THE CELEBRATID MANCHESTER SCOTTISH CHOIR. MASTER WILFRED V. PERRY, Champion Boy Soprano, and other Talented Artistes. Seats, 2s. (reserved) ; li. and 6d. Plan of Hall may be seen and sesta booked at Masan &stance's, 43, Sankey it. Doors open 7.15 p.m. Concert, 7.45. Cerriages, 10.15. ANTI-SOCIALIST UNION.—A COURSE OF THREE LECTURES nil be given in the MASONIC HALL (St. Austin's Assembly Rooms) by C. A. SWANTON, Req., London, es follows: TUESDAY, 14th, NOVEMBER. "Capital Its nature and Function." TUESDAY, 21st, NOVEMBER, " Credit its nature and Function." TUESDAY, 28tb, NOVEMBER, Complexities of modern industry and Commerce.' COMMENCE 8 O'CLOCR EACH NIGHT. ADMISSION FREE. Tickets and Syllabus on application to Secretary, Liberal Club; Secretary, Conservative Club ; or to Chas. McNair, 126, Roxburgh st., Walton, Liverpool. J. FULTON SMITH, Esq., will take the chair at Opening Lecture. 'WARRINGTON BAND OF HOPE UNION

A PUBLIC MEETING

WILL BE MILD LI PARR HALL os

TEMPERANCE SUNDAY, 12th NOV. 1911. AN ADDRESS will be given by

REV. J. S.-CIIEDiURN. Cbair to be taken at S'elock by REV. W. COOPER.

The Singing will be led by the BAND OF HOPE JUVENILE CHOIR. COLLECTION.

Ail Religious Bodies are requested to make specie mention of Temper's°e oa the above date.

Sales by Auction.

VALUABLE FREEHOLD FARM AND LAND AT

• EIXTON AND GLAZEBROOK. To BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY MESSRS. JOHN MAINWARING & CO., AT THE BLUE BELL INN, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON, on WEDNF.SDAY, the 22nd day of NOVEMBER, PAL at 4 o'clock prompt. Subject to the Conditions of Sale to be then produced : Lox I.—All that Valuable and Compact Farm, known as ASII FARM, with Farmhouse, produce abed, out- buildings and I7A. 2n. 37r. of land, or thereabouts, situate at Hilton near Warrington. LOT 2.—A1l those THREE FIELDS forming an excellent and valuable building site and containing 11 acres, or thereabout., situate near Glazel.rook Station. The mines and minerals are included In the sale. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneers, Bridge at., Warrington, or to WOODS & SON, Solicitors. Warrington.

mportant to Dealers, Brokers, and those about to Furnish or Re-furnish. 85, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. MR. J. SOUTHERTON has been favoured with instructions to SELL BY AUCTION (without reserve) the whole of the Valuable Stock-in-trade of HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE of F. W. FELLING, Cabinet Maker and Complete House Furbisher, 85, Bridge street, Warrington, COMMENCING MONDY A NEXT, November 13th. Stock Estimated about .£l,BOO, comprising :- 6ft. :.ineraton Bedroom Suite. Wardrobe 6fl. wide in 5 section., 2 bevelled and silvered robieg mirrors in 2 doors, centre section Med with 5 drawers and cup- board ; Dressing Table 41t. wide with large ;tn. bevelled and silvered shield-shaped mirror; Washstand 4ft. wide with rouge slab top et beck; Chairs to match. 4 41t. Sheraton Bedroom Suites ; 4! t. Wardrobes with :in. bevelled robing mirrors in doors; 311. 6in, Dreasing Tables; Washstands fitted with rouge slab top and boos ;_Chalrs to match.. .

51t. Bed room Suites, American Walnut and burr ; 2 in satin walnut and burr ; in various desigm. 3 ift. Bedroom Suites in American walnut and burr 4 Ift. isedroom Suites in plain black walnut. 3 ift. Bedroom Suites in satin walnut. 4 311.. 6in. Bedroom Suites in satin walnut. 3 Bedroom Suites in oak, one 410., one Sft. 6in., and one 3ft. _ . . . . . .

15 Pairs of Bedroom Toilets in walnut, satin walnut, and oak, in various designs and sizes. Several odd Wardrobes.

O Sets of All-Braas Bedsteads. 23 Sets of Black- and-Brass Bedsteads.

----- II Sets of Wood Bedsteads, esti:tot, oak. sotto walnut sod sheratoo. .

23 Wire Mattresses. 11 Wool :Mattresses, full size. 5 Wool Mattresses, single. 6 Sets of Combination Bedsteads. _ . -

5 Divan Suite. in solid walnut frames, upholstered in beet quality mcquette, plain green velvet, and saddlebags. 13 Dining and Drawing-room Suites in walnut mahogany, and birch frames, upholstered in English- woven velvet, tapestries, and saddlebags. 9 Chippendale and Sheraton Louis Cabinets, in various sine. and designs. 16 Occasional Tables in mahogany and walnut. 13 Chippendale and 7 Walnut Overmantels. 11 Sideboards in solid walnut, oak, and mahogany, ID various designs and sizes. 2 Sheraton Bureau Bookcases. 5 Walnut Secretaires. 30 Chippendale and Sheraton Palm Stands. 5_ Hall Stands .in walnut and oak. . . .

5 Walnut Sooretair!Ds.

23 Pairs of Pictures in oak and gilt frames. 2 Oak Roll-Top Desks. 27 English Seamless Axminster Carpet Squares. 15 Brussels Carpet Squares. 19 Tapestry Carpet Squares. Sizes of Carpets 3124, 303,3x2. 3z4 yards. 5 Rolls 221 n. English Azminiter Stalrcarpet. 6 Rolla 22in. Brussels Stairearpet. 9 Rolls 22in. and 19io Tapestry Staircarpet. 150 Axminster and Tapestry Cloth Rugs. 17 All-Brass Fire Suites. _ . . . .

13 Nickel-plated Fire Suites. 5 Pianos, full triohord, check action, iron frames by Stanley Brinsmead, London. Wringing Machines, Sofas, Couches', Bentwood Chairs, Kitchen Table., Linolooms, Floor-cloths, Kitchen Chairs, Clocks, Wicker Chairs, Bamboo 'tables and Hall- stands, Crockery, Curtains, Sheets, Blanklitn, (sc. Sale to Commence at 2.0 p.m. MONDAY NEXT November 13th, 1911, and Each Evening at 7 until the above Stock is cleared.

JOHN WALKER & CO., LTD., PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, &c., " EXAMINER " OFFICE,

HERBERT d',4 RABAM.

ESTATE AGENT, CANADA CHAMBERS,

35, BR' STREET, 11ANCHESTER Strictly private cub advances arranged on Promissory Note to all persona worthy of credit, in amounts from L'lo upwards Bills of Exchange and post-dated cheques discounted from 5 per cent. Ladiee and Gentlemen entitled to money under Wills, Deeds and Reversions can have immediate advances horn 4 per cent- per annum. Mortgages arranged oa good clue property. No Loan Office formalities. All Commanicationa strictly private. Personal attention to all enquiries.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMB'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION.

FIRST OF THE WARD TEA MEETINGS.

FOR ALL PASTRY McDOUCALL'S SELF-RAI SINGFLOUR IS I:NM% kLLEI)

that much as the temperance question affected the male population, the women of the country had to bear the brunt of the burden caused by intemperance. They increasingly required woman's help in such matters end he, for one, would do all in his power to widen her sphere of labour. (Applause.) The Rev. W. COOPER said it was one of the pleasantest signs of the times—to see the women of the wards interesting themselves in political matters. (fleer, bear.) It was most essential that the ladies should hsve something to do with the affairs of the day ; they played a greater part in the world's history than they gave themselves credit for. (Applause. Ile was glad to find that tkey bulked an large in the provisions of the State Insurance Bill—a measure which he hoped soon to see on the Statute book. (Applause). Tee real drudgery of the nation was not in the workshop but in the home. (Hear, tear). They relied more upon the women than upon the army, the =TT, or ths members of the National Service League. (Applause.) The speaker then went on to describe, from peso:sal knowledge, examples of Tory landlords' tyranny in the rural districts—a tyranny which could I hardly be realised in the towns, though even here he I had found people who dare not attend the church of their choice because of Tory tyranny. ("Shame.") For the asks of their sisters and brothers elsewhere he urged them all to put in their level best to destroy such harmful and degrading influences. The landed pro- prietors bad bean our lawtmakers too long ; they must see that the public powers and privileges shall be enlarged, and whoa the next fight came round War. rington must have a finger in the pie. (Applause). At the close Mrs. DODDS moved a vote of thanks and said she won very pleased to be the channel through hicb the Liberal women of the ward extended their hest thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Crodield for their speeches, and to the artistes for their admirable entertainment.

..... Mr. H. NF.W secociled, and alluded with gratification to the fact that in the Orford IVerd election 90 per cent of the women e'e:tora went to the poll to show their appreciation of a ma a who had the interests of the workera at heart. . . .

—..—... The vote was heartily accorded, and after a sale of surplus eatables, the gathering dispersed.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
Speeches by Mr. and Mrs. Crosfield.

The fist of the Ward tea meetings for the winter season, arranged by the Wornen's Liberal Association, was held in Thewlis-street schools on Tueslay evaning for the members and friends of St. Austin's Ward,and Sankey Bridges. Excellect arrangements had been made by Mrs. E. V. Walker and Miss Booth (Si. Austin's Ward Secretaries) and Mrs. Osborne (secre- tary to the Association) and a goodly company enjoyed a first-class tea, the catering being the subject of favourable comment all rcutd. Following the tea there was a public meeting and concert presided over by Mrs. A. H. Crosfield, who was supported by her husband, the Rev. W. Cooper, Alderman Tinnion, Mr. IL New, Mrs. Dodds, Mrs. J. Walker, Mrs. Stockdale (Stockport). Mr. and Mrs. E. V. Walker, Mr. and.,Mrs. P. Delaney, Mesdames Locker, Dutton, Hassell, Critchley, BrJwn, II ill, Elwell, Booth and Miss Booth. A capital programme was provided, and the large audience thoroughly appreciated songs by Miss Dodds, Miss Avice Beswick, Mr. A. Griffiths, recitations by Mrs. Barlow and Mr. E. A. Sanders, humorous items by Mr. W. L-wve, and a pianoforte solo by Mrs. Crcsfield. Miss Jones very ably accompanied. At intervals daring the evenicg, short sieeches were delivered. Mrs. CEOSIIRLD devoted a brief but interesting address from the chair to a consideration of the Insur- ance Bill. She did not think women folly realized to what an extent Mr. Lloyd-George's scheme was going to benefit them. She was not alluding only to the direct advantages to women who insured themselves, bat to the indirect benefits which they would receive through their husbands. It was all very well to say it was the man who insured, but tee wife would reap the benefit of that provision equally with the himbani in the time of sickness when the bread-winner was com- pelled to give up work fern few weeks. The woman felt the suffering and anxiety entailed by ttose break- downs even more than the man, because she had to obtain nourishment for the invalid and food for the children. She therefore felt the difficulty of the pari- ties more acutely than the husband whe was in bed. The benefits payable under the insurance scheme were not very large, but 10s. per week would generally he sufficient to prevent the home being broken up until the invalid was well again. (Applause). It was

SII.tiNGID THING

that the insurance-bAd-b•••-made-c-ompulsory. Some people might say "We are all masters of our own homes and money and ought ant we to be allowed to do as we like?" lhat was to a certain extent tem, but when the children looked bright and happy and the father felt fit and strong, he did not always realize that there might come • day when he would suddenly fall ill and rsguire money to keep his household going. " That is where I think "commented Mrs. Crosfield "with all due respect to the men," we women are so much snore level-headed. (Laughter and app!ause.) The men will say 'lt is hard to have to deprive ourselves of certain pleasures and luxuries in order to pay to the insurance fund 'hut women are much more thrifty. Our husbands sometimes call us stingy.(i aughter).We know how necessary it into be prepared for a rainy day." The ancient Greeks bad a proverb "Trout in providence bat, at the same time, work yourself. Dent pray all the time awl expect help to come if you don't try to help yourself." (Applause.) Mn. Croafleld also alluded to the maternity benefits under the scheme, pointing out that this was the

FIRST TIME IN HISTORY

that maternity i.-4-1;e.;;;T:34.- the State. The Government provision in that direction was generous, In fact they were devoting more money to it than any other nation had hitherto done. Altogether the Bill was a wonderful one. Referring to its direct benefits to the woman worker, Mrs. Crozfield pointed out that women often had to face exceptionally hard conditions and, a 'though they had quite as much courage and endurance as men, there were times when they ran the risk of being driven to the wall and absolutely falling in the struggle, if a helping hand was not stretched out to them. The Government was (xtending that helping hand and oho hoped the women of England would be prepared to grasp it and to do their Utmost in support of the measure. (Applause.) Mr. CRCSVIKLD, woo had a splendid reception, said that judging from that fine mewing there was no want of confidence in the Liberal cause on the part of the Liberal women of Warrington. "If MR. HAROLD SMITH," he continued, " were here and had beard ne reception you no kindly gave me, I don't think he would be quite so reedy to talk about recovering lost confidence. (Hear, near.) To be perfectly frank,. I think that what e have suffered from in the Liberal party for some years past has perhaps been a little bit of over-conli- dence—(henr, hear)—and I don't mind telling Mr. Harold Smith from this platform that he may well be thankful on that account. (Hear, hear). But for Vat over-confidence, I do not think he would have been representing this old borough in Parliament to- day." (Hear, hear). Having commented upon the happy combination of music and politics at that meet- ing, Mr. Croefield said he was extremely glad to hear that under the charming and able captaincy of Mrs. E. V. Walker and Miss Booth S. Austin's ward was going to have still closer attention in the future. In the wolk of re-organization that was proceeding in Warringten, there was not a single Liberal who was not alive to the value and grateful for the splendid part which mac bring played by the Liberal women. To be candid he did not wonder at their enthusiasm, because modern political onderta,:ings were getting very near to the homesteads of old England. ;Hear, bear). Work was being done which, while it was not bringing the millennium, was undoubtedly helping to make the world • little leas cruel and evil than many .people at present found it. He ventured to say that when the present Government went out of ollice there would be a finer HEtORD OF CONSTRUCTIVE STATESMANSHIP . .

to its c-edit than coted be found in any ten ';ears of British history. (Applause) That was something to be proud of. They had suffered a temporary reverse in Warrington but they had the satisfaction of belonging to the party which was helping the nation onward, helping to make life a little better for the men and women of England and potting the

WELFARE OF THE GREAT MASS OF THE PEOPLE I BEFORE THE SELFISH PRIVILEGES OF THE FEW. (Applause.) As long as he lived, he would feel deeply proud that for several years, as their representative, he was privileged to take some part in that work in Parliament. lie was glad Warrington had a hand in it and he believed many level-headed voters in the borough could not help feeling it was a pity that the town could not be associated for a further five years with the excellent progressive legislation which the Government was carrying through. (Applause,. The Insurance Bill wen an enormously complicated measure, but the more he looked into it the more be was struck with the cumulative blessings that it would confer upon the whole of cur people. (Applause). lie did not put it second even to that beneficent and humane measure, the Old Ag Pension Act. (Applause.) When he thought of legislation of that character, he was not surprised at the enthusiasm of the Liberal women of %Carrington. But apart from constructive statesmanship, the maintenence of a fiscal system which guaranteed the supply of commodities and the first necessaries of life at reasonable prices and kept the reign of dearness end scarcity away from the poorer ' homes of England, wee sufficient claim upon the energy and influence of every Literal woman in Warrington. (Hear, hear). He wished they would ask THEIR ERIENDs WHO .1015511 THE WOMEN'S TkRIFF

===== 0002601_19111111_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
REFORM. LEAGUE

At WORTHY OF THFIR TIME AND TNRROY. The Government was engaged in constractive work which went to the very root of tie well-being of our people. There was a swot deal of the broad soapsl of humanity, which permeated many creeds and religions and was not the worst part of any c f them, an well al the further realization of justice in the policy to which the Liberal party was applying Itself no diligently and -"ass f ully (Loud applause).

successfully. (...vud at o. Alderman TINNION expressed his gratification at the large number of St. Austin's women who were prexent, and emphesned the ever-increislast scope for women's work in municipal as well as political affairs. Why should not St. /matins have the trot lady Councillor on the Town Council ? Ile would welcome truth a lady, and was sure she would represent the ward as well es any of the three reale members for the Ward. (Applause.) Touching on the temperance question he said a woman'. services would In of value on the Watch Committee, and in many other breaches of public work. Could they not Sod a woman to represent them ? Ile would do all in his power to carry her to the head of the poll. (Applause.) It seemed to him

L.

If they hal ever seriously cobeidered what would happen if they achieved the object which they professed to net before themselves. It was amazing that intelligent and educated women of any class could be found, in any number', to jo:n a leagne like the women's Tariff Reform League which, if it achieved Its object, was going to make life harder for the very poorest of our population. No wonder that Mr Balfour, the leader of the COO aaaaa tire party, was very chary at talking about food taxes. (hear, hear.) He r Mr. Crostield) rapeated that le had never Baca a party so bereft of a policy, so beaten in argument, no bankrupt of everything that made the objects of e party worth fighting for, es the Tory party was toolsy. (Hear, bear). On the other hand, be had never in the whole of his political experience, which went back for more years than he cared to location. seen a party going to work so rapidly and energetically end with such splendid remelts as the Liberal party in the present thy (Applause). Ile was indeed delighted to see the Liberal women of Warrington no full of hope and enthusiasm. They had

===== 0002601_19111111_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS New Heating System for the Workhouse. The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Bawd of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr. 0 Mather presiding. There were also present : Miss Broadbeni,Mrs Csilingwood, Dr Murray, Rev TB Matthews,Messre E L Bent (vice-shairman), A J Jolla A Brooks, W C Brooks, R Lae, 3 A Hughes, J A Rush- wori h, M W S non, W Furness, A B ittomley (clerk), R W Peacock (deputy clerk), A Wright (superintendent of Padgate Sohools).

NENN." HEATING SYSTENI.

At a meeting of the House Committee a report was presented by a sub-committee appointed to consider the heating of the whole of the Workhouse buildings. The sub-committee unanimously recommendei the adoption of a decentralized system of heating and damestic bot water supply and the acptance of the estimate of Messrs. Killick and Cochran at .£?,649, including building work. It was considerei that in coosequeoca of the purchase of electric current from the Corporation, there would be an approximate saving of 1,000 tons of slack per annum, and probibly a substantial saving in coal. The water consumption would also be reduced. The nes system of heating woull add greatly to the comfort of the inmate.. The House Committee approved the report and resolved that Messrs. %V. and S. Owen, architects, be instructed to prepare plans and spec lice- tion for the inatalla,ion of the system for submtssicn to the Local Government Board.

On the motion of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Mr. BENT, the minutes were approved.

THE MASTERS ILLNESS.

Dr. floncarN;U, medical officer Workhouse, reported on November 2nd. that the Master (Mr. J. F. Awbery) was seriously ill. An operation bad been performed, but it would be two or three months at least before he would be able to resume his duties. The House Committee decided that temporary assistance be engaged during the Master's illness.

_ASSISTANT_ CLRRICS SALARY.

The Board approved a recommendation of the Finance ,iommittee that the salary of Mr. R. T. Partridge, assistant clerk, be increased by .£lO per annum.

DFCREAS.E 1N l'Al/PERIS3I.

The CLERK submitted a Parliamentary return showing the number of persons in receiktt of relief as January Ist, 1911. MO figures for Warrington showed the following decreases :—lndoor paupers,99l: recipients of out-relief, 195—the lowest of any Un'oa in :North- Western district. Mr. Beery : We shall be able to do without relieving officers BOOM The CHAIRMAN: And rates to,. (Lsaghter.)

===== 0002601_19111111_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
THREE GENERATIONS HAD CHRONIC ECZEMA. lam-Buk Again Proves to be the Only Cure for this Torturing Disease.

Mrs. Emily Manning, of -2. Ship Lane. Dartford, Kent, is of the third generation in a family afflicted with chronic hereditary eczema. Tier father and grandmother carried the disease to their death-beds. but Mrs. Manning has been saved from that terrible fate by Zam-Buk, which cleared the eczema com- pletely from her system. Telling her remarkable story to a Pressman Mrs. Manning said " Eczema broke oat all over my legs in irregular patches when I was fifteen—over twenty years ago. The disease was hereditary—both my father and his mother were shockingly afflicted to the day of thei,- deatha with the torturing complaint. After covering my legs, the eczema spread to my arms, body, hands and face, and even to the roots of my hair. The itching and inflammation were most severe about my knees, elbows, and finger joints, where the constant movement and friction caused the skin to crack and Fcale. My face, too, was such a shocking sight that I was ashamed to be seen._

" During the first years I had the eczema, I was in service in London. My mistress very kindly had me attended by her family doctor, who prescribed various treatments with no good effect. For eight years I went every week or fortnight to a London Hospital. Amongst others' attended St. John's Skin Hospital. the Euston-road Skin Hospital, the University Hospital. and the Middlesex Hospital. At every place I got the best and most careful treatment, but the result was always the same—no cure—so yen can't wonder, remembering my father's and grandmother's experi- ences, that I lost heart.

" A few years ago I was more terribly afflicted than ever—the itchy, scaly sores were practically all over me—my face being a really awful sight. In my distress I wrote to my sister at Guildford, and she sent me a box of Zam-Buk, telling me to persevere with it, as it would cure me if anything could. I tried the balm first on my face and arms. and got so much relief and benefit that I bad no hesitation in applying the Zam-Buk all over my body. The itchy sores were soothed and my whole skin got much coder. A few weeks with Zam-Buk made a wonderful difference— the scaly sores were peeling away and giving place to new healthy skin and I felt brighter and better than for over twenty years. "My face was first cleared of the dread disease ; then my arms, body and legs became healthy again. until Zam-Buk had removed every particle of eczema and left me with a splendid skin. My experience with Zam Buk has proved that no skin disease is too hopeless for this magic balm." Because of its unique healing power, Zam-Buk should always be kept handy in the home. The balm is so pure and wholesome that it can be used with safety even upon the moat delicate skin whether broken, binised, or sore, b box of Zam-Buk really , for me immediately any spot, rash, or pimple appe.ara ca skin or scalp, saves mother many Lula of anxiety as well as pounds in doctors' bills. All Chemists and Stores sell Zara-Birk at Is. I !d. or 20. 9d. a box.

THE FIRE BRIGADE HANDBOOK. La a newly issued and revised edition of "Th. Fire Brigade Handbook " Mr. James Compton Merry. weather glees many interesting details concerning the history of lire protection in this country. An Act was passed in the reign of Queen Anne (1708 to compel parish authoritirs to maintain fire extinguishing appliances, but little that was effective was done until the Insurance Companies began to work lire engines of their own. The Companies attached name plates to premises insured by them by which the firemen would know if their orin Office was concerned, and these plates may still be seen here and there upon old build- ings. Some of the Insurance Brigades are still kept up, and are to be found, well organized and equipped in such Important cities as Canter- bury, Worcester and Shrewebury. Somewhat tardily. the businers of fire Extinguishing was recognised as a public duty, brigade. were re- organized on. municipal basis, and in the last 25 year. great improvements have been made in fire extinguish- ing, and life saving appliances. Toe steam fire-engine has kern to a great extent superseded by the petrol motor fire-engine, of both of which Messrs. Merry. weather and Stn,, Ltd, of Greenwich, were the pioneers, and during the past ten years this firm has turned out over one hundred and fifty motor engines. In his " Fire Brigade Handbook "Mr. Merrsweather deals exhaustively with the whole science of fire-fight- ing, and the organisatirn, drill and rquipment of volun- teer and private brigades. For those who are, or may he, engaged in tire brigade work, the book affords many practical lessons, and it may be studied with advantage by all who are concerned for the rafety of public build- ings, institution., and private macsicns.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR FATALITY.

TAXI DRIVERS CONFESSION.

Remarkable Evidence at Adjudged Inquest.

Remarkable evidence was given at the adjourned inquiry held by Mr. S Brighouse at the Warrington Police Station on Wednesday into the circumstances attending the death of Charles Bebbington (12), son of Georgs Bebbington, 313, Winwick-street, who was knocked down and killed by a motor car at Longford Bridge on Wednesday, November let. The irquest was adjourned in order that inquiries might be made as to the driver of the car. Last week- end it came to the knowledge of the police that The car belonged to the Warrington Taxi-cab Comp.syy and at the time of the fatality it was in charge-of Henry Carter. At the adjourned inquiry Carter was represented by ,Mr. Chapman. solicitor, klanchestez The Chief Constable (Mr. M. Nicholls) watched the proceedings on behalf of the Warrington Police and Inspector Lewis for the Lancashire County Police. The Coroner said that after hearing the evidence the jury would have to decide the simple issue—whether Henry Carter was the person who canoed the injuries to the deceased, and it no, whether the injuries were inflicted undersuch circumstances as to justify them in sending him for trial. Evidence given et the opening of the inquest was then repeated. It was to the effect that on November Ist the dn.:eased, with his brother Wilfred, aged 16, and another boy named Martin Horan were walking along Wlnwick-road. When near Longford bridge, Wilfred crossed the road, and his trother and Horan (who was put live a soap box on ashen's) were following him when Wilfrid new a motor car approaching from she direction of Winwick. He shouted to his brother and the other boy, with the object of keeping them back. He ran across and pushed Horan back and then caught bold of his brother's hand to pull him back, when the car struck them and carried Wilfred about six yards and Charles about 20 yards. When Charles was picked up he was found to be dead, having received severe injuries to his head and his leg was broken. Wilfred Bebbington, deceased's brother, stated that be saw the car when it was 25 yards distant. It had fonr lamps on. After the accident the car did not atop or appeer to s'acken its speed. Mr. Chapman raised the question of the lighting of the road and the Coroner raid the nearest lamp would be about GO yards sway. Questioned by Mr. Chapman, the witness Bebbirgton persisted in Ilia statement that the car had four lamps —not two. There was no other traffic about at the titre.

Chapmtto : Why did'nt you take care to put your brother in a place of safety ?—I had cro:sed the road. The Coroner : This boy new the car coming at top speed 25 yards away. What could be do? Mr. Chapman : lam going to suggest that be would hear the car long t afore he could see it. The Coroner : In face of the information you have in your possession of what your client admits in his statement to the police, what is the use of thrashing 000 a small matter of detail?

Mr. Chapman : I don't know what he has admitted. The Coroner : First of all, he has admitted that he did it. Secondly he has admitted that he took the car to his own house and left it at the back of the house for the night instead of taking it to the garage. Thirdly be admits be got the ear repaired in the morn- ing so as to deceive his employer. Fonrthly, he deiiveiel the car to his employer without saying a word about the accident, and fifthly he falsified a statement to his employer as to where he was and actually booked the time up to three o'clock in the morning. He deceived everybody. He denied what was the actual fact—that he seas there. lie was interrogated by the police. He kept up the deception by lies until he got Into a corner and had to admit it.

Mr. Chapman: That wee all very indiscreet and footled,. I don't dispute that. He might have been frightered into it. The Corocer : Have you been told the story of what happened on the road from Wigan to Warriogton ? Mr. Chapmsn : I have heard part of it.

Martin Horan (11), 1, Ireland-street, corroborated Wilfred Bebbington's version of the accident. The car was travelling rapidly and never stopped. Charles ran in front of a cart which was going in the direct ion of Winwick and witness waited until it hal palmed. _

In answer to Mr. Chapman, witness said deceased stopped when about three parts of the way across the road to see if witness was following him. Frederick Baguley, formerly a boots at the Lion Hotel and living at 9, Fit therbert-street, Warrington, made a voluntary statement on Sunday to the police. This was now read by the Coroner. In it Baguley stated that on Wedanday mommy. the Ist inst., Carter told him that he was going to Wigan to work a wedding at Timberlake@ and witness arranged to go with him. On the way they called at the Angel Hotel, Ashton, and had one drink each. At Wigan they went to another public house and had a drink and some- thing to eat. Whilst the wedding party were in Standish Church, they bad a few drinks at a public-house close by. After the wedding they went t ) the Victoria Hotel, Wigan and had a drink. On coming out, witness accidently broke a pane of glass on the front of the car. They went on to Ashton, called at the Angel Hotel and had a window put in the car. In the meantime they had sandwiches and drink and played billiards. Next they went to liarlestown where they stopped at a public-house and afterwards they visited a friend of witness's at Golborne. On the way to Warrington witness got down is front of the car and was almost asleep when a sudden jerk aroused him. Not knowing what it was, and the driver not speaking about it, he did not take any notice. Ho got off the car at Longford-street and went home. The next morning, at the Lion Hotel, he heard about a boy having been killed and he now Carter who said" It's me,right enough.' Witness arid' It must have been the jerk that (felt.. It would have been better if you had stopped." Carter replied." No. They would have said I was drunk and that wonld have been worse for you and me." He then asked witness to call at his mother's house and ask her to toll anybody who made inquiries that the car was at the back of the house from 4 to 8 o'clock on Wednesday evening. Witness did not accede to the request. On &turd ry Carter told him that if anybody asked him any questions he most say they were not at Wigan on Wednesday but at Liverpool. Later in the evening Carter again met him and said "the 'tees had got him right enough." The Cor mer elicited from witness that Carter and be had twelve drinks each. They started with rum and whisky respectively, and afterwards each had seyeval gla-ses of beer, six small ports, and two gine and peppermints. The Coroner : It looks very bad on paper. l don't know bow you felt inside. Further questioned, witness said he was sober and Carter was lit to drives cu. _ _

The Coroner: Didn't you feel very uncomfortable in your mind in keeping this back ?—iles, was very oncomfortsb!e. _

By Mr Chapman : He did not hear any cry, and he had no idea that the car had run over a human being until the following morning. There were two lamps on the front of the car and one behind.

The Coroner : Why didn't you tell the police on Thursday ?—I had not the coursge. Henry Carter, the driver of the car. wss then called . He stated that he was 27 years of age and had been a chauffeur in Warrington for four years. He had teen employed by Messrs. Avory and Roberts (Warrington Taxi-cab Co.) for seven months. This was the first serious accident in which he hsd been concerned. His licence win perfectly clean. He corroborated all that Regale}, bad said as to their movements on Wednesday. The spot where the accident occurred was very dark .He was not travelling at more than 15 miles an hour and he road appeared to be cle tr. At Longfard be fait a thump "and, hearing a rattlenoncluded he had ran over a box or similar obstruction. He slowed down to see if the Impact had any effect on the car, but it had not. Ile did not boar any shout. He had no suspicion that he had run over a human being until, after nine o'clock his brother told him a boy had bean killed. He then got a fit of the nerves and did not take the car back to the garage. The only explanation he bad to give of his subsequent conduct was that he was frightened, and be was now very sorry for it. The Coroner : I suppose, to put it vulgarly, you got into a blue tank ?—I did not know what to do.

In reply to the Chief Constable, witness admitted having entered in his employer's book that the car was ordered at 12.15 on Wednesday and did not complete the journey until three o'clock on Thursday morning. lie aid that because he did not want the firm to know he had kept the car out of the garage all night. On returning to Warrington he went to see some friends. The Coroner then conferred with the jury in another room

• On returning into Court the Coroner said the jury would like to know tram the Caief Constable and the County superintendent whether there was any evidence *to show conclusively that Carter knew, previous to his brother telling him at nine o'clock, either that a boy had been killed on that he (Caster) had run ovsr a human being. The Chief Constable : I know of no such evidence . _ .

. Inspector Lewis : Did he make any effort to ascertain ?

The Coroner: are not asking that. Is there eny evidence to prove conclusively that he knew at the tirre that he bad run into a human being? The Chief Constable: There In certainly the circum- stantial evidence that we had from Carter that he had to set the car repaired. The Cc toner : Is there any evidence of deceit on his part previous to the time when he heard front his brother that the boy had been killed ? The Chief Constable : It would be a physical impossibility for anybody to have Soon° he bad any knowledge of the accident, even now, if he had not come down on Sonday. The first act of deceit was act going to the garage when he got back into town.

The 'Coroner said he did not think there was any necessity to waste any further time. He had had the oppertunity of getting to kto* the views of the jury which, in his opinion, were very sensible views. He would now ask them to retire and consider the questions (1) whether they wished to hear any more evidence, and if so it would be brought before them ; (2) whether they were now prepared to find a verdict. In a criminal case they must be certain. They d d not send people for trial cn suspicion and they did not flnd them guilty oa suapicion. The Denson charged must have the benefit of every doubt. If they were perfectly satiated in their own minds that Carter ktew he had IWO Into a human being, then it wou'd not matter about other evidence ; he ought to go for trial. There was, however, no evidence that be did know. Of course, no matter what the obstacle was he ought to havestopped to look at it. The second point I was whether any of the acts of concealment took place before his brother told him about the fatality at 9.30. If, before Le had heard from his brother, he had com- mitted clot of glaring deceit', there *ould be a strong case against him, but up to now it had not been proved, except that he did not go to the gangs immediately— and he (the coroner) did not attach much importatc to that—that any of the acts of deceit took place before he hoard that the boy had been killed. To bring the matter down to a bedrock p(i - ciple he (the Coroner) bad to tell thmi that when anycna went on the highway with any vehicle I which might be a danger, he must exercire skill and judgment. If be did not, he was negligent. But if they found that the man had been negligent, the negli- gence might not be culpable but censurable. Although a great deal had been said about the drink carter had, when they come to analyse it, it was nut much in the life of a man who was accustomed to being out of doors. Notwithstanding any verdict the jury might return, if the County Police thought there wee a case against Carter they could bring him before the magistrateo and ask them to send him for trial.

Ace a short consultation, the jury intimated that they did not wish to hear any further evidence. They returned a verdict to the effect that deceased was killed by the car which Carter was driving, but there was not nth:tient evidence to prove that he knew he had run over a human being. From six o'clock to 9.30 he did not net dec iitfully se he as they knew. They thought. however, that Carter enoiltd be severely censured for not pulling up when be knew he had run over something. . .

The Coronerc.: You think there is negligence, but that it is only censurable. . _

The Forel:inn (Mr. .1 W. Plinston) : Yes. lie added that the jury did not think the lamps on the car were sufficient, as the driver could not see 20 yards ahead with them.

Carter wee then called into the box and the Coroner told him he was not yet out of the wood. The jury bad found that there had been negligence on his part, but they did nut think it was of sufficient .veight to justify them sending him for trial for manslaughter. If it was any consolation to him, he (the Coroner) might tay he quite agreed with abet the jury had said. It was the duty of a driver when he came into collicion with any obstacle nn a dark road, to atop at once to see whet it was. Had Carter done that, he would in all prabability never have teen in his present tlx. It would also have been far better for him in every way if he had owned up ea soon as he hsard the hoy had been killed. If the County police took no net ion, the matter would be at an end o far as Carter was , concerned.

_ The foreman said the jury wished to express their indebtedness to the police for having brought the c Ise forward.in such a businesslike 1:011)0(0.

Captain Avory, as one of the proprietors of the War- rington Taxi-cab Company, expressed -.Meer° regret at the accigent and iympathy irith the parents. With regard to the lamps they were the beet that could be Rot for the purpose and over 7,000 mita of them were in use in Londcn. The firm had no fault to rind with Carter's character or driving prior to the accident.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

'The Girl in the Train."

Warringtou people hare flocked in large Lumbers this week to see the latest musical success "The girl in the Train," which is adapted from the German of Victor Leon, and possesses some continental features which never fail to attract. Perhaps it is a reflection on us as a people that we should show so much appreciation of musical plays from the continent which are essentially " spicey " ; but there is evidently something in even the staid British composition which enjoys being moderately shocked. "The girl in the I Train" was doubtless an exceedingly proper young person, though an actress ssith the stsgey name of Gonda Van der Loci, but her midnight journey in a railway sleeping compartment with a married gentleman as sole compar.ion not unnaturally caused trouble. The proprieties had to be discussed and satisfied in the divorce court and the unfortunate but well-meaning gentleman, who had flown to the aid of beauty in distress (and got locked in the " sleeper ") was divorced on his outraged wife's petition. All this sounds very eerious. but in the play it is treated very lightly—too lightly for Mrs. Grundy, who is notoriously a biased person but in a way which keeps the audience in a very hilarious mood from beginning to end. There are only two scenes, the first being in the Divorce Court, where the defendant and the intervener (Miss Gonda Vander Loo), and the sleeping-car attendant all give evidence before a President who persistently burlesques the proceedings and shows how farcical divorce might be if handled in the Gilbertian style. Act 2 takes us to the house of Mr. Van Buren, the divorced husband, where the actress is a guest at a private hall, and is followed by the susceptible Judge. Even the wife turns up again, and eventually becomes reconciled through the medium of a love duet with her husband " which has to be sung and acted to throw dust into the eyes of papa, just returned from a vryage. With her various adroirers,Gonda has a particularly lively time, and Miss Stella Gastelle makes the most of the role. As the wife, Miss Dorothy Arliss acts with considerable grace and charm, and in both scenes is seen to decided advantage. President Van Eyck, the philandering Judge of the divorce court, lets down the law hut keeps up the humour of the proceedings in merry fashion, and one has nothing but praise for the indefatigable efforts of Mr. Bay Russell, a versatile comedian whom the part snits well. Mr. Harry Brayne is ale) very funny as Cornelius Scrop, the droll conductor of the sleeping car, and indulges in some amazing passages with Martje (Miss Minnie Hall) the coquettish maid-servant to the Van Burma's. As we have indicated there is no end of fun and frolic. but the music is decidedly sketchy, and beyond such duets and songs as "Oh, married life," and "Oh sleeping car," there is not much to charm the ear. A con- siderable amount of dancing is sandwiched between the musical numbers and the burlesque, and in this 'direction the plincipals all distinguish themselves. Musical people will be disappointed with "The Girl in the Train," but those who seek nothing more than a merry evening will get their fill of laughter.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
SCRATCHED UNTIL HE TORE FLESH

" It was in the latter end of the year 1908 that a nasty itch came through my skin. and I scratched it until I tore the 866 h. I tried several ointments to no effect. I went to a skin hospital. They advised me to go to the Hospital, but I refused. I could not sleep with the constant itch. 1 was that way until in or about the month of January. One day I chanced to see in the papers a similar case like mine, but I gave it no credence. At last I said," I will try the Cuticurs Remedies." With the first wash and Cuti- cora Ointment I used I found their effects. I got one box of the ointment more, and in less than one week the akin was all right and left no traces after it I have not had a return of the same since. and I shall always praise the Cuticura Remedies as being the means of my cure." (Signed) John Tyrrell, :4, Scotland-road. Liverpool, April 9th. 1910. In a later letter Mr. Tyrrell adds : " The first appearance of my skin eczema was a burning itch which I tore and left my body, legs and arms one roses ,of sores. It caused sleepless nights, tut now I can sleep as well as eve r." Post free. from F. Newbery and Sons. 27, Charterhonse Sq., London, samples of Cutivura Soap and Ointment, with 32 u. book on skin rea tmen t.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOKMAKER'S AGENT FINED.

At Runcorn, on Monday, Peter Blong, a newsagent, Widnes, was charged with frequenting the works of the United Alkali Company, at Weston. Runcorn, for the purpose of betting. He pleaded guilty. Superinten- dent Conlon said Detective Davies bad watched at the works, nod on four occasions found that the wino., cycled from Widnes to the place, arri•ing between twelve and roe o'clock —the dinner interval. A croad of men docked round him. When •rrested be remarked " Voll will find no slips on me." Afterwards be told witness he was acting as •gent for a Widnes rams, and had a hard job to make a livine. Defendant was fired £.5 101. with the alternative of filtphis daft' imprison- ment. Ile said be would go to gaol, but the money was paid later.

HOUSE FURNISHING.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYORALTY.

RE-ELECTION OF COUNCILLOR DR JOSEPH.

Councillor Dr. Joseph was elected Mayor of War- rington for a second year at a meeting of the Town Council held at noon on Thursday. Pending the re-election of his worship, the meeting was presided over by the Deputy Mayor (Alderman Forshaw) and there were also present :—Aldermen W Bolton, D Tinnion, John Evans, James Evans, .1 Smethurst, T Rai ton, W Pierpoint, and A Bennett, Councillors J G Craik, J Sankey, C Jackson Holmes, T H Ashcroft, F T Lashford, J Halliwell, R Henshall, T Chantler, G Archer, J T Locker, J Wilkinson, II Roberts, J Hawthorn. W Rogers, E Cunnington, .1 Dickenson, Dr McKee, T 9 Steel, W H J Jenkins, W H Bellies, J Pemberton, T Birtles, 0 Toole, W J Wilson : Messrs J Lyon Whittle (town clerk', A T Hallaway (deputy town clerk), T B Spinks (assistant town clerk), T Longdin (borough surveyor), A M Ker (assistant surveyor), J Fairhurst (borough treasurer), W H Woodcock (borough collector), Dr J Coote !fibbed (medical officer of health), Dr Hutt (assistant medical officer) F G Ruddock (borough analyst), (J Moore Murray director of Education) W S Howard (cashier of the gas department) G F F White (magistrates' clerk). o:her prominent townspeople present included : the Mayoress (Miss Joseph), the Rev E C E Carleton (Mayor's chaplain), Mr and Mrs Robert Pierpoint, Mr John Taylor, Miss Taylor, Mr W Jiseph, Mrs C Jackson H olmes, Mrs John Evans.

_ Alderman BOLTON, in moving the re-election of Councillor Dr Joseph to the Mayoralty, said they all knew his rinalificatioos for the office. (Hear, bear.) They had had one year of real, downright hard work and his Worship had gone through it with curb satisfaction that they could not do better than re-elect him. Dr. Joseph had made as good a Mayor as any of his prede- cessors in office. (Applause). He had done hia work fearlessly and without favour, in the best interests of the town. Ills year of office would always ha pleasur- ably ideotgled with the Coronation of King George V, (Applam, Alderman JAMES Ev.tes seconded, lie said the Council could congratulate itself upon having such an excellent gentleman as Dr. Joseph to occupy the Mayoralty. lhe experience of the past year had taught the Council that he could fulfil the duties fearlessly and capably. They hoped the coming year would be one of great success for the Borough, and of happiness for the Mayor, and they were certain he would ell the office with credit to himself and to the Council. (Applause ) Alderman BENNETT said ona feature of Dr. Joseph's Mayoralty that struck one more than anything else was his absolutely omnivorous appetite for work. (Hear, bear.) Our greatest poet had said that man in his time playa many parts" and that was especially true of the regime of Dr. Joseph as Mayor. No institution and no deserving local interest had asked for his help ani evnirathy in vain. (Applause). Alderman TINNION said that hearty as was Dr. Joseph's election when, as a novice, he entered npon the duties last year, the Council would be still more enthusiastic In support of his re-election now that they knew his true value and great worth as Mayor. He (the speaker) felt sure every member of the Couocil would do his utmost to assist his Worahip in maintaining the dignity and high traditions of the chair. (Applause). Alderman SMETHURST also expressed the hope that every member of the Council would try to make the Mayor's duties as light and pleasant as possible. Councillor PEMBERTON raid it Rag an astonishing fact that a professional gentleman like toe Mayor had been able to give so much time to the duties of the offics. It must have involved great self-sacrifice. As one of the unruly members—(laughter)—he (Councillor Pemberton) most say that Dr. Joseph had shown greater fair play and moderation in the debates than any previous occupant of the chair. That had undoubtedly led to better work being done. Councillor WILSON also supported the resolution which was carried unanimously and enthusiastically. . . .

The MaYou, who was reOeived with apple.; on re-entering the Council Chamber, said that when he stood there twelve months ago elected Mayor for the first time, be had some dreamy, vaporous, imagination of the duties and responsibilities of the office. Those impressions had been crystalized by a year's experience into serious and solid form. Ilia original expectations had been more than reali4ed.Those who had not actually passed through the chair could not have a true concep- tion of the magnitude of the work it involved. The magisterial and administrative duties were more or less familiar to all the Council, and he might say that daring the yelr his attendances at the Court had Fobar- not [Allen much short of 100. There was, bower- abase of the work which be ventured to SMI re generally did not know much about. resentative of the

townspeople one had to tube a nost position in all kinds of public movements--soclal, religions—in fact every movement except political ones, of which he was very glad to be relieved. (Laughter.) If he had con- sulted his own best and private interests be would have declined to accept office for another year, preferring more ease of mind and body than be had been able to obtain during the post year. But the promise of their unanimous support, the fact that, although much bad been done for the benefit of the townspeople, there were some directions in which he would like to see greeter progress before he quitted the chair,bad induced him to again accept their kind invitation. (Applause.) With regard to tha support of the Council, he was now a candid friend—but be hoped, none the less, a real friend of ever 7 member of the Council. He looked tt,,on the 9th November as a kind of municipal Sabbath on which they made pious vows and good resolutions. But where were they daring the rest of the year? (Laughrer). Alderman TINNION : Some of us keep them. (Laughter). -

The MAYOR : I won't blame the innocent for the guilty. Continuing, his Worship said he was Eorry to touch upon the subject but he thought it was of great importance to the proper conduct of debate in the Council earl to the interests of the town. (Hear, heard They called out " Peace, peace," when probably there might not be any peace. He did not profess to he faultless, but he had to please thirty-fire merarers and they could either please him or not, en they chose. (Lsuabter.) An extenuating circumstance might be that the ATMOSPH ERE OE THE COUNCIL CII A MEI R . . . . . . .

from a physical and health point of view was not adapted to the conduct of long debates. (Hear, hear.) There was certainly some excuse for member, who got heated and excited. (Hear, hear). Reviewing the, events of his mayoralty, Dr. Joseph saii he bad barely got settled in office before the conotry was in tbe throes of a general election—in fact, on his birthday (November 29th) be was, for the first time, served with a writ. (Laughter.) He was glad to sey that the election in Warrington was fought in a thoroughly fair and sportsmanlike manner, reflecting credit on both sides. About Christmas-time came that torriblecolliery disaster near Bolton. Although many families were laid desolate with grief and want, Warrington along with other neighbouring towns, contributed liberally to the relief fund. The passing of the Warrington Colsora- tion Bill, after protracted Parliamentary proceedings, would enable the Corporation to carry out very

ISIPORTI,ST AM) SI ['CH NERDED IMPROVFMENT9. The Coronation was the next event to engage their attention and with the means at their disposal, they did the very utmost they could to give enjoyment to all chines of the community, but especially to the young and the aged. lie thought the festivities gave general satisfaction, lie had a small balance in hind from the special salary voted to him, and it was originally intended to devote it to this erection of a fountain in Victoria Park. But it was said that second thoughts were best, and he bad another propoeal for the expendi- ture of the money, which be trusted would meet with the approval of the Council. Alluding to the presenta- tion of a chain to the Mayorese, Dr. Joeepb said that when the Mayoreu and he attended the Lord Mayor", , hall at the Mansion Maas they noticed that very few Mayoresses who more present posseemed chains, and among those few he did not xeie one that was anything like no beautiful an that worn by the Mayoress of War- rington. (Applame.) The starting of work on the new

WARRINGTON 5R1G1.11 had given satisfaction to everybody and he only hoped the structure would proceed in an expeditions manner. Meer, hes, In order that the ar ark could he expedited, the hearty co-operation of the users of the bridge and the landowners in the vicinity was necessary. It was hoped that the first portion of the bridge Ott be completed in the coming year. The Howley foot- bridge would be built and opened for ase, •nd would connect the congests I wards of the town with Victoria Perk, ea well as •ffording • great con•snience to workmen passing to and from their work. The

- HEALTH CO,l J ITTICY h•cl male Wry good and •Obstantial progr,-31 Dot Only 10 the direction of sanitary reform but in reforming the c had laid habits of the people. The Water Committee laid another lice of main which wool' give the

district around Market-gate sample supply of water. The Mayor next commented upon tee lack of violence or disturbance in Warrington during the railway strike and pointed out that the workers concerned sent letter congratulating the Chief Constable upon hie kindly and tactful handling of the situstirn. He regretted to announce that dining the year they had loft two mapistrates—Mr E J Nicholson and Mr John Geddes. With regard to the work of the coming year, INCREASED AND CHEAFER ISI.THINO FACILITIES would be provided for the working classes and the school children by the erection of two additional swimming both' end 16 slipper bathe, for which the contract had &Beaty been let. The widening of Bitter- market-street and the circa. at Market Gate would no doubt be considerably advanoed ant the improvements necessitated in the neighbourhood of Warrington Bridge would Also be well in hand. The Chester-ro.d improve- ment moult, when completed,provide a thoroogidare of which they would ell be proud. (Hear. hear). The Education Committee was =kin; great efforts to bring {Carrington UP-TO-DATE IN TH6 MITER 01 0 1100L9. The Evelyn-street school would be completed end reedy for occupation during the coming year, and pr ogress could be looked for with the proposed three new schools in Lovely-lane, ()Arwood Arenoe Ana Parr-atreet. The

uowcrso RF.EN3

which the Cannel' decided to conitract in Victoria Park. Liverpool-road recreation grr lull, ant St. Elphin's Park, would be ready for playing upon in the coming summer. Ile Mao hoped that under the Town Planning Act they would be e ashler' to utilize to better advantage spaces which bad already beea occupied with structures that were not vr.uthy to be called homes or habitations. It was hoped that those spaces would be used, in as many cases as passible. for the provision of cheep and unitary dwellings for the poor. (Applause). Having il%oll the usual declaration of olSce, the MAYOR appointed Alderman Kolb L./ at his deputy and I the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton no his chaplain.

RETURNING OFFICERS. The following aldermen were appointed returning officersfor the respective wards : —Town Hall, Alderman Smethurst ; Whitecross, Alderman Pierpoint ; Bewsey, Alderman Burton; Orford, Alderman Forsbaw : St. John's, Alderman Tionion ; Fslifield, Alderman James Evans ; St. Austin's, Alderman Bennett ; L itchford, Alderman Bolton. 'STANDING ORDERS AND CO3PIiTTEES.

The Cauocil approved, without commsat, the Standing Orders for the regulation of proarediags of the Council sal amnrnit:ees, atLi als3 electel the various committees en Noe.

REPRESENTATIVES ON COUNTY AUTHORITIES The following representatives on County Authorities were eppointed :—Lancashire Asylums Board, Alderman James Evans ; Lsocaribire Inebriates' Act Board, Alderman Smethurst ; County Rate Joint Committee, Aldermen Bennett; Lancashire end Western Sea Fisheries Board, Aldermen W Pierp3ia:.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MAYOR'S SUNDAY.

The MAYOR invited the memhers of the C 'ulna to accompany him to Divine Service at the Perith Caurch on Sunday morning. _

===== 0002601_19111111_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
MISS GORNALL'S CONCERT.

At Mi3s Mary Gornall's matinee concert in Bold. street schoolroom on Thursday a preg,atztue of classical iostrumental and vocal music was performed which attracted a fairly numerous audience, of which the great majority were ladies. Miss Marjorie Wigley and Miss Amethe Leadbetter—pianist and violinist respectively—wets the instrumental soloists, and the playing of each of these ladies evidenced nrueicianly qualities of a high order. The Beethoven sonata No. S. in which both were ass dated, is of more than ordinary interest in itself, and these two artiste's played the four movements if which it is C Dlil prised sympathetically and with a cleat perception of their varying and contrasted moods. Miss Leadbetter produces a tone which, though perhaps not of the fulle4 and roundest, is delicately graded and tenderly expressive, while her splendid technique enables her to invest with a peculiar charm whatever she essays, her beautiful legato playing in Schubert's "Ave Maria," with its fascinating passages in double-stcpping,stand- ing out as one of the most striking examples of her artistic interpretations. In Miss Wigley's playing of Liszt's Rhapsody Na. 12 one discerns qualities which entitle the possessor of them to high raak as a piano exponent. Gifted with the true artistic temperament, Miss Wigley showed too, a breadth of p mer,allied to degree of restraint, which enabled her to deal in a way equally delightful and convincing with both Liszt* robustness of thought and Chopio's graceful idealism. Mk. Hilda D'Angelis sang same groups of German and English songs in which were found two -" Das Kraut Vergessenheit " (Eugen 1 1 il,(aell) and "A. Birthday" (('owen),—wbieh commanded attention by their intrinsic merit and by tha depth and subtlety of expression which Miss D'Angelis threw into their interpretation, despite the fact that her soprano voice is somewhat hard and unsympathetic in quality. Of Miss Hilda eragg-James one can unhesitatingly say that her earnestness of style and her rich contr alto voice make a powerful appeal to those who hear her, her rendering of the excerpt from " Sams3a and Delilah" (Saint faun.) and of " Die Ma;nacht (Brahma) being such as to leave a most favourable and lasting impression inregard to her vocal resources Miss Goreall and Mrs Llewellyn Davies shared the duties as well as the honours of accompanists, for b Ali these ladies showed the best of taste in support ing the vocalists and the solo violinist.

HOW AND WHERE TO STORE DAHL! k ROOTS. Where to store the tubers is a matter that may chi- cern the novice, but this may be disposed of very quickly by saying] that they may be stored where they are free from frost and damp. The place must not be overwarm, or the roots may be encouraged into developing growth, whlcla is fatal to their well-being. the roots are frequently placed under the staging of glass structure welch Is jolt sufficiently heated to exclude frost. They are more often stored in a dark cellar or spare room or dry , shed, but always where the root• base ample protection against frost. It must be dry without • tendency tr. get damp at any time. When placed under the staging of • greenhouse, therein elways the risk a drip reach- ing them, causing them to densp off or else enceorreging premature growth when the tubers should le quite dormant. Lech grower should adapt hims...f to hie circonsstences, devising means whereby full rotectiou can be provided.—.` TM Gordon:

===== 0002601_19111111_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ROME AND ITS FORUM.

MR C E. PARKER'S IN

" Rome sod its Forum " was the subject of a highly interesting lecture given by Mr. C. E. Parker before the members of the Warrington Society at the Old Academy on Monday evening. Mr. Parker's recent visit to the " Eternal City " enabled him to present a vivid impression of the Forum and its surroundings as they appear to-day and he also dwelt upon the rich histoi ical associations of a spot which has been famous from the very dawn of civilization. Mr. F. R. ROBERTS, who presided, said Mr. Parker had selected a noble theme and they had every confidence in his ability to handle it. Mr. PARKER began his lecture with some general remarks upon Rome and its influence in the world. My earliest knowledge of Rome, he said, came t me not from a study of Rome, its history, architectwe, law, or language; but from a book, or rather a litera- ture of one of the p oples who occupied an outlying proviuce of this great old world Empire. I need , scarcely say that I refer to the sacred books of the Jews, commonly cal'ed the Bible. When in early years I read the following well known words : " And it came to pass in those days that there went out a

===== 0002601_19111111_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
ITERESTING LECTURE.

all familiar with the story of the raid on the Sabine women by the Romans ; of the peace afterwards made between the two peoples, how the Sabines had allotted to them one of the eleven hills of lb,me, the Quirinat to the no-th east of the Forum ; each kept to their own parts of the city, but the ground nlw known an the Forum was common to both, and there- fore became a general meeting place. Out of this we can readily understand how on this ground traders would gather to sell their produce, and how the market or Forum became established. The ground was low lying, surrounded by four of the of seven hills of Rome, the Capitol on the north, the Palatine on the wet, the Quirinal and Earpiiline on the east, and the low ridge uniting the Palatine and the Esquiline to the south. It was a marshy piece of ground, and at one time had a lake, or rather a pm!, in the centre which was fed by the natural drainage and by springs. This marsh was drained at an early period by a large sewer constructed in the sixth century before the Christian era. This sewer began under the Quirinal hill, traversed the Forum in a westerly direction between the Capitol and the PalatiLe hills, and

1

===== 0002601_19111111_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
ON THE LEFT THE PORTIC) OF THE TEMPLE OF S"TURN, AND ON THE t‘IGHT TfiEIREMAENs OF THE TEMPLE OF VESPASIAN.

decree from Crentr Augustus that all the world should be taxed," it set me wondering and questioning who this Cesar Augustus was? WHAT RIGHT lIAD lIE TO 18SCE A DECREE TO ALL THE

emptied itself into the river Tiber at the Palatine Bridge. As originally constructed, it was no doubt metely a natural stream cleaned out and side walls built. In later times a circular sewer admirably built called the Cloaca Maxima was made. It is is use at this day. It is 14 feet broad inside measurement and 20 feet overall. The inner tiog was constructed of stone and tw3 outer rings of brick. This sewer was no doubt a convenient receptacle for rubbish of all sorts, including bodies of those killed in the Forum. The Forum is two and a half acres in extent. It is traversed by the winding street called the Via Sacra which commences under the Capitol hill, the low end of the Forum, and winds its way by a somewhat devious course, rising at the south end, where it loses itself somewhere about the Arch of Titus. . As we see it at the present day the Forum is largely a heap of ruis. True, many interesting fragments, mostly foundations remain, but it will be necessary for us to try, with the aid of history and the researches of archamlogy, to re-construct in part at any rats, hem these foundations and broken columns the Forum as it existed about the beginning of the Christian era. You will remember that Cesar Augustus, or as be originally was called Octavius, was the relative and heir of Julius Ctesar. He came into power along with Mark Antony at the time of the breaking up of tha Roman Republic, and the establishment of the Empire. For twelve years he shared the rule with Mark Antony, and for forty-six years he ruled alone as Emperor, dying a natural death (a rare thing for a Roman Emperor) at the advanced age of seventy-six. A. man of versatile genius ; one I f the greatest although not the best Emperor Rome ever had, it was his proud boast that he had found Rome brick and left it marble, and he bad good reasen to make this boast. There is however little of the marble now left in the Forum, or in the Coloseum either for that matter, but if we could only identify it we should find that much of the marble used in the churches of Rome was originally in the buildings of the Forum, or the Coloseum. Only a portion of the buildings in the Forum are due directly to Augustus. Traversing the Forum, Mr. Parker then gave interesting descriptions of the various temples and objects of interest.

elements were looked upon as c..mplimentary, and as the two essential, and creative 0003. The Vestals carried the living water of the spring to the scene of all great sacrifices and expiations. The god Juturna was the nymph of water, and then hre presided over the springs of the Forum. A temple existed in the Forum to this god over one of the springs near the temple of Vesta, and its waters were cared for by the Vestal Virgins. Mr. Parker tou-hed upon many other outstanding features of the Forum and concluded by expressing the hope that what he had said would stimulate some to careful and de'ailed study of a little tip ton the earth's surface which was so rich in the historical associations of a great peop'e. (Applause). The lecture was illustrated with limelight views the lantern being manipulated by Mr. Filth.

MODERN CIVILISATION-A PESSIMISTIC OUTLOOK.

Councillor JENKINS proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer who, he said, had taken their minds back to the ancient Roman Empire with all its greatness and its methods of education. The Romans showed tremendous perseverance in fighting and conquest and in their endeavour to develop what they believed was the highest form of national government in the world. What did we see in our country to-day ? If we walked for a few moments away from the main thoroughfares we saw filth and misery among a vast number of our population. What result was education and the refinement of the few producing ? Day by day he met hundreds of children in penury and want, who evidently came from wretched and miserable surroundings. And we arrogated to ourselves that we English stood in the forefront of the endeavour to ameliorate the human race. Was it all humbug ? Were we &mined, like the Roman Empire, to sink into oblivion until future generations were reminded of our former greatness by lectures like they had heard bat night? Let them hope it might not be so. Mr. A Mt/ENFIELD, in seconding, emphasised the point which Mr. Parker had made with reference to family life being the foundation of the Roman Empire and of the conception if what a State ought to be. After all we were a large family and if we c old only bring into our affairs the principle of brotherhood - the thought that we had a central hearthstone and were all related to one another - it would help us to solve many of the problems of the present day. THE TRIPOLI OUTRAGES.

The CIIAIRMAN said that if one were asked to pick out the equare mile of the earth's surface which had teemed most with life and loomed largest in the story of the world, he thought the Forum of Rome would be the selected place. One could not help contrasting the glory of ancient Rome with the miserable exhibi- tion of cowardice and cruelty of which the descendants of that race had been guilty in Tripoli within the last few days. It made one wonder whether, with all our boasted civilization, we had advanced very far. There was a great deal about our modern civilisation that would not bear inwstigation, and we might learn much from the history of the ancients. The v..te was heartily accorded.

' , .. • ~. . ii• .1 +•./....... 4........., .. ~,,. - I * r '* it trtr• , •• 1 _ . , , • ..„. le' • , i ' 1 It 4 m.„111111,... i 3 ~t 46 1004 1 1 '.. - - ' 4 i 41 •II ' 1 ,Ipt 11 1 P ' .. . ... 1 ~ . -......, ,„„„ ii: ~, 1 . - _-,-; i t -, 1 ,• ~ , , - . , , 14 1 , i t. , _ ~ _ ..... i ...... , ...,..., , - ..,..1 II r -1. i- - 1 1 - Adak ' , - • ~- , ; r ,--,: ..1 - ,P”...tee•'" fV ' . 4, ' ) r , t,',:qt t° • a' __ - _ --4^r • `.- , , --

===== 0002601_19111111_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
WORLD?

On what did his authority- 'rest ; who invested him with this power ? My earliev4 idea placed Judea at the beginning of the Christian era at the centre of the world's interests and from one point of view —the spiritual—my ideas still hold good. But from other standpoints they were altogether wrong. Instead of Judea being the centre of the interest, activity, and progress of the race, it was, ccnipared with Rome, backward in everything by which we usually measure human advancement and greatness. Her language enriched the ape, ch of the whole civilised world. By her discipline and order she made effective the power of combination in every department of human activity. What the Greeks did for themselves, and kept to themselves, Hy, Romans did and offered to the world. But if Judea was so much behind Rome in her civilisation and material g eau:ices how much more was

THE LAND DI WHICH WE LIVE. At this time, the-time of Rome's glory, the inhabitants of these Islands,together with the whole of the Northern part of Europs, lived in huts in the forests and wastes of the conntry. In contrast to these huts the Romans were erecting buildings, the architecture and work- manship of which have ever since been the wocder of the world. Rome was rightly called the Mistress of the World, and the decree of Caesar Augustus that "all the world should be taxed," was no empty boast but the expression of an authority which had to be obeyed Nor hod this power expressed itself merely in force and in conquest. Taking it as a whole the lordship of Rome over the then known world was beneficent. When Rome was at her zenith the despotism of Eastern monarchies kept a large portion of their people prostrate on the ground. The narrow policy of the Greeks limited the blessings of freedom in their own land. ROME DISTRIBUTED lIIE,E BLESSINGS TO lIIE WORLD. She considered the conquered countries as so many nurseries of citizens, included them in her legions,end admitted the nobles into her senate. Several of her most able rulers were not Roman born. Along with her laws and franchise she communicated to them her arts, sciences, and language. Wherever the Roman eagle penetrated, schools were opened; aqueducts, bridges, and temples built; and all the powers ond knowledge of architecture, sculpture, and painting, were used to adorn the principal towns in the con- quered provinces. Roman law, which althounb severe, was just, was established throughout the Empire, and when Rama like a Colossus ceased to stride the world consenting not lone adopted her laws as their general code. Amongst the material expressions of her greatness the

0011A0 ROADS take an important place. These roads, the many remains of which exist to this day radiated from Rome or more exactly from the Golden Milestone in the Forum, to the extremities of the vast Empire, and all the differcnt nations that composed it were linked together, not only by the name laws and government, but also by the facilities of intercourse and communi- cation. And even in her decadence when Rome was stripped of her imperial honours and power, she again renewed her benovelent efforts and sent out. not armies to conquer, but apostles and teachers to christianize. By them she RoRE THE LIGHT OF CHRISTIANITY AND LEARNING into the dark recesses of idolatry and ignorance ; made conquests more enduring than those gained by the power of the sword. Such was R .me at her beet. Proceeding to concentrate attention upon THE FORUM Mr Parker said : Cicero, the great Roman orator, in speaking of Athens said "In this City that is a thing w inexhaustible,which for whichever way we move we tread mein some history or other." This observation is more applicable to Rome to-day and especially to the Roman Forum, than it was to Athens in the days of Cicero. The Roman Forum is one of the spots where historic interest largely centres. Students of Roman history find it mentioned in almost every chapter. Every yard of it has again and again been drenched with human blood. Here Cicero spoke, Ca-oar ruled and Horace meditated. These Forums were originally market places. They naturally became the centre of the public life of the cities, and public buildings corres- ponding to our Town Halls, Police Courts, Churches, Ac.; were built around the Forum. Gradually there- fore the markets were ousted, as all the room was required for other public purposes. There are several other Forums in Rome to which the markets were itiadaally transferred, and the Roman Forum became the site of buildings of an administrative and judicial nature, and of open spaces of a public character. Hence the development of Rome as the Capital of the world came to be mirrored in the Forum. The study of this Forum is complicated by the succession of public edifices which at different periods occupied the same ground. Remember that for over twelve hundred years this Forum was the centre of the life of the oity and Empire. The origin of the Forum AS a public meeting place dates back to the alliance between the Romans and the Sabines. We are

===== 0002601_19111111_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROSTRA.

On the right of the Arch of Severna rises the massive blocks of the Rostra, or orator's tribune. Here Mark Antony hung up the head of Cicero after his murder, and the wife of his old foe Clodius spat in the dead face. The Rostra was a long raieed platform on which the speaker could walk to and fro. Oratory was thought much of in Rome and all sons of patricians were tau* public speaking. The Rostra wasa kind of Town Cress of the c.iy. At the death of any prominent citizen the body was carried before the I Rostra on a bier and his funeral oration given from the platform. Here Mark Antony delivered the famous discourse over the body of Julius Caesar. Opposite the Rostra was the open space flagged with marble in which the crowds would gather to hear the speakers and debates. Mr. Parker briefly touched upon the efforts of archrcologists from before the Christian era onwards to locate the tomb of Romulus, the founder of Rome, and said there was no definite proof on the point. THE SENATE HOL,3E.

On the northern corner of the Forum was the Curia

_ or Senate House, corresponding to our Houses of Parliament. The Central Hall had seating accommo- dation for six hundred persons. This was the Senate Hall in which the fate of the countries in the world was often decided. It was here where Cicero often addressed the foliate. It was destroyed by fire caught from the funeral pyre of Claudius. The site, or at least part of it, is now occupied by the church of St. Adrian°. The level of the floor of this church Is 20 feet above the floor level of the Senate floor. When Christianity was established in Rome, burial of the dead instead of burning became the practice, and the wall face of the Curia was converted into a catacomb, and the open space in front, called the Comitium, into a cemetery. The remains of more than four hundred bodies were found in this part during txcavations,aad some stone coffins still make up part cf the wall which now forms the foundation of the church wall.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
TEMPLE OF VESTA.

At the North end of the street are the remains of the MR:tiler Shrine of Vesta in which the sacred fire burnt for eleven hundred years. Vesta was the pekes of light and purity, and all the victims offered to Vesta were *bite. The vestal Virgins presided both over the sacred fire and the sacred water. -The penalty of letting the fire out wa.+ a flogging in the dark at the hands of Pontifev Maximus. You can still see the seats of honour in the Colosseum reserved for these Vestal Virgins beside the Empress. They bad the privilege of sparing the life of any victim in the arena, and indicated their wish hv turning their thumbs upwards. The Temple of Vesta was four times burnt and four times rebuilt, the last time in the 15th century. The temple was circular, as were most early temples before the Grecian, with its rectangular forms of buildings, dominated Roman architecture. The worship of Vrota had en earlier origin than the Roman slate. It arose out of the common fire preserved in the ventral but of every village. At a time when there was no

===== 0002601_19111111_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A BOOK LOVERS' CATALOGUE.

The new catalogue of Messrs. Boots Book-lovers Library lea remarkable testimony to the enterprise of the well-known firm of chemists. The lending library established in connection with their business has developed steadily, and with its development the range I ' of volumes available to subscribers has been pro- portionately increased. The catalogue just issued for 1912 is a large and handsome cloth-covered volumo, in whose 600 double-column pages are set forth under various headings the titles of the vast numbers of books that may be borrowed for a subscription of 10s. 6d. per year. The books, which con be obt‘ined at any of Messrs. Boots innumerable branches all over the country, Include many thousands of works of fiction. children's books, history, biography, travel, and art and science. The catalogue can be obtained for in. 6d. at soy of Boots' branches throughout the country, or from the Heed Depot, 29 and 31, Farringdon-road, E.C.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday NMember 11, 1911.

ready means to kindle fires this central fire was never allowed to die out. It was guarded by the unmarried women of the household as those who had least to do Before Rome existed as a separate state THE HEATITIT WAR TIIE color,,F HIE FAMILY LIFE. It was placed in the chief room (in the times of the primitive but of course, the only room), which was called the Atrium because it was blackened by the smoke of the fire. By the hearth stood the Lare, the household god, before which the daily libation was poured. An alien who only sojonnied was called a hearthless man. The idea of the family as a unit gathering round its own hearth became the basis of ' Roman law. The family was the unit of the State, and the associations of these family units became the family of the state. The Stets religion and State law, organized by Name, the successor of Romulus, regarded the body politic as one househeld, made up of the family units cl which the father was the repre- sentative. The hearth in the Temple ,f Vesta in the Roman Forum became the visible family nucleus, and the fire that burnt there Isymholized the unity of the State. When a new colony or village was founded embers were carried from the central fire to the new hearth, and by this the connection of the of the colony to the central body was preserved. The file was fed only by oak woad, consequently the oak became a sacred tree and the groves from which it was got sacred groves. The worship of Vest a was as closely connected with water as with fire. The two

===== 0002601_19111111_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
SUFFRAGE DEBATE.

WOMAN'S HIGH IDEALS AND THE

VOTE.

The re4oval from women of the sex disability with regard to the Parliamentary vote formed the subject of an interesting debate in the Wycliffe Memorial Buildings on Tuesday evening, between Miss Sterling of the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies and Miss Cordelia Moir of the National League for Opposing Women's Suffrage. It was rather dis- appointing that there was such a meagre attendance. Other public engagements p.:rhapa accounied for this. The chair was ccoupied by Alderman

W. Pierpoint and among those p-esent 'were: Mrs Rylands, Mr asd Mrs W Peter Rylands, Mrs and Miss Greens% Mr . and. Mrs Edwin Woods, Mrs and Miss

Broadbent, Miss Massey (president of the Wallington Women's Suffrage Society), Captain Waring, Mr. and J A Ransome, Mrs Shepherd Cress, Mrs H Armitage, Mrs Wilde, Captain and Mrs Cotton, Mrs E Fox, Mrs A Pigot, Miss Ethel Appleton, Mrs Holden and Mrs Venn. The rules of the debate were opening speeches

. . of twenty minutes duration by the principal speakers, after which the discussion was continued by members of the audience. Miss Sterlirg then resumed the

--- debate for ten minutes, after wil'ich a quarter of an hour was allotted to Mise Moir, and Miss Sterling wound up the debate with a five minutes' speech. Miss FRANCIS STERLING at the outset moved the

.- rolloaing resolution : "That the removal from women of the sex disability in regard to the Parliamentary rote en stated in the Conciliation Bill was urgently

_ needed for the good of the comrnnuits.' Th•ro was no intention in that resolution she said to stirk the . . .

emend g.iiestioe, hut it wes thought that at the preeent moment the Conciliation Bill wan the Bill before the . . . .

,0-Z,737 and that it Should bA mentioned in the course of the debate. The general p inciples underlying the question were involved in the question of sex disabilil y. In every other relation in life woman was treated as an equal, but s hen it caste to the Parliawentary vote she Ives trotted specially. Either the Parliamentary vote lid not water or there was something Psasntially wrong Hai that all women were essrntially unfit to exercise _ . . . .

the vote. She d.d not think it nee postilde to minindee

the importance of the vote. For good or ill it one the only machinery ever invented for bringing to hear on tte Government the special knowledge of every clam of the csmmturity. ice fact remained that no better method. bad Men . . . . . . .

iWonie-Wand 'Miter countries had Imitated the British imistitution in that respect. The tendency had been to increase the number of sisters than to do array nib them. With all its faults, peciiliarii ins, and failures it

, w a cherly shown to have certain potent qualities, and vas a scheme ehich history hal gradually evolved in the course of centuries. The general agreement of all parties in the state etas that they must have some kind Of diroct touch with largo CIASVII of the . _

community. There was no whole class of men not upresented. NVith regard to v ornen the whole pcsition was T 0,01111,41 became wotnen were not possible voters.

in the opinions of women were regarded from n different point of view. It was of ten helieved that the great force of indirect influence made up to women for this send-ins drawback nnd it W.IS cimtended that this great force had worked suillciently well, therefore they did not need the direct power She main- tained ttat there was nothing a woman possesied which ens valuable and solid, which a man did not also ',corpse. Men had enormous indirect influence, but they had never found that that influence should take the !dace of the vote. The whole statem had grown •_ .

. - up from the fact that men had discovered that ir7clireut influence ,Xas insniticient. If the interests of men and

cornea wee common and they were responsible persons shy could not they be allowed to share in the oork of muting the laws of the country. She believed that if women had been voters a more general' desire towards the betterment of the country, on the questions of education and temperance would have been achieved long ago. Could they wonder at a woman's ignorance of politics nhn the State permanently said to them in a silent and impressive way. "These 'things are not your business, stand down." (Applause) There wee another kind of indirect influence which was purely personal—she was almost going to say purely physical. She called it by the name of' wheedling." Men at present hed the responsibility of the vote and he State claimed something in consequence, and if they were going to allow themselves to be wheedled they were at least as low as women. General public opinion had ripened on the matter and it would help them forward to get rid of it altogether if they enfranchised the women. She would ask her opponent was there any other quality which made man more fit to vote. (Appinuse). Miss Morn, in ope.ning her case, said that her chief point was that there was nothing essentially wrong with the woman or that she was unfit to exercise the franchise, bet she claimed there wee a difference between men and women. That difference in the nature, occupation, and responeitility was such Flit it would be wiser for the good of the community that the men should have the final say in the responsibility of the Government of the country. The msj srity of the leaders of the movement for woman's suffrage did not take such a temperate view as Miss Sterling. With regard to the Conciliation Bill there was a consensus of opinion that it would ultimately lead to adult suffrage. Once the disability of the sex was removed and they admitted women as electors, then sooner or later they would have the majority of the women voters. It was necessary that at the root of Government there should be the element of physical force. It did not mean actual physical force. She ventured to think it meant something more. Man had not only brute strength which in the aggregate was not to be reckoned with, but which was always at the bottom of Government, but he had always far greater powers then woman by being the wage earner and wealth producer of the country. Women had nothing like the same power in the industrial world as men, and men had not attained to that supreme position because of the pose, asion of the vote. Another reason why it would be harmful was that on the male wage earners of the country depended the responsibility of defending our country both from foes without and from danger within. It was not easy for them to realise how much the defence of the country depended on the men. Such a statement did not mean that the women were inferior in any way. Men and women were different and those differences were an argument for withholding the vote from women. They as Anti-Suffragists believed it would be harmful to the social life of the community to tudf women to take an equal share with men in the government of the country. She agreed with Miss Sterling that the vote was note little thing. If women had the vote it would mean going out in the same industri 1 conditions and taking part in the same activi- ties as the men in order that they might understand the politinal question, and give S correct opinion on them. In order to do this woman would neglect her own affairs which man could not undertake for her. The personal influence of woman was a higher and nobler thing than that which man could wield. The personal influence of woman was the strongest weapon that she possessed. Having this nobler and higher influence by virtue of her sex woman hid been respon- sible for civilisation in its higher aspects whilst the men were engaged in its material aspects. (Applause.) After the opening remarks of the debetere the Chairmen invited discussion from the audience. Mr. W. E. STOUT remarked that it was quite unjust that the distinction should be made between the two sexes. In his opinion where women had the same social duties and responsibilities they ought to have the same privileges as men. Miss BROADBENT said she bad great sympathy with the suffragists because there were certain subjects upon which they could not speak in public with which women were pre-eminently fitted to deal. Already they had an unweildy electorate and she trembled to think what would become of the country if women had their due. If the same standard of morals were exacted from men as from women then women could bring about all they reqnired as they had done in France without the vote. Mrs. STANSFIELD said shs failed to see why the passing of the Conciliation Bill would inevitably lead to the entranchisewnt of all adult women. The enfranchisement of agricultural labourers did not lead! to adult male suffrage. Mr. W. PETBR KYLANDS said he was one of those persons who had no strong opinions upon the abstract question of women's suffrage, although he was strongly Gem:seed to that policy indicated in the resolution. He was opposed to it largely became if the suffrage was granted on the terms of the Conciliation Bill which meant that women householders should have the vote, he felt most strongly if it were on those lines It would inevitably lead to the insertion of the thin end of the wedge end he was gravely apprehensive it would be the jumping off point for a still further extension. There was a danger in permitting women to become possessed of a preponderance of voting power as was likely under certain conditions. Supposing women had the vote to anything like the same extent as men it would be easily conceivable that the govern- ment of the country might represent the majority of women and a minority of men. They had to consider that England was the head of a vast Empire with enormous military responsibilities. The Government were responsible for issue or war and therefore it seemed to him it would be highly dangerous to take away the power from chorea who were responeible for Ike (lighting and conducting of diplomacy and put it in the hands of women who had nothing to do withmilitary matters. Ile did not deny that there were many women who were perfectly well qualified to have the vote but he feared that there would be an inevitable extension which would have dangerous possibilities which might not be for the good of the country, and which might tend to be detrimental to the relations which existed between nations at the present time. Mrs. RANSOMS said she could not understand the position of anyone who said certain women should have the vote yet on the other hand, deny it because it would be detrimental to the nation. It was an impossible supposition that all the women could he found on the one side and all the risme on the other. Surely the vote wonld be by ballot and the Govern•

===== 0002601_19111111_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKER'S STRENdOUS LIFE

The Wonderful Food Beverage wh eh Sdleguards Against D:sease.

11l health is had enough, in all cmscience, 0V33 to, the well-to-d,, but to the man elm Ina to w ,rk for every puny he gets it is nothing short of diaueer. Unfortunately it is the very class wha have mutt need of good health who are the most likely to 1193 it. The long hours which working men have often to labour— the exposure to the inclemeny of the weathar which they have sometimes to endure—render them peculiarly liable to contract distressing complaints. Every precaution should, therefore, be taken to safe- guard the body from poseinle attacks of disease, and to fortify the system against the ills and chills that autumn and winter always bring in their train. In DR. TIBBLES VI-COCOA, mill, dock, and factory workers, as well as pdieemen, pwitmen, carriers, anti all who lead a strenuous life, will find a refreshing, invigorating, and susttining food bever- age that will keep out the cold, energise the body, and enable them to perform their arduous duties with a minimum of fatigue. Hundreds of thousands of work- ing p3ople, who are enjoying good health to-day owe not a little of it to the fact that they are regular drinkers of thin remarkable preparation,which has the hearty approval of medical men and food experts the a orld over. _ _ . . •

Give Vi-Cocoa a trial. Never mind what you've been drinking at breakfast or supper in the pact, start drinking Vi-Cocoa to-day—you'll feel the benefit of it , at once.

Do net ask your gr. cer for' Cocoa "—ask for

===== 0002601_19111111_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
P.rCava

—lt mates all the difference. Every grocer sells Vi-Cccoa in 6d. packes and 9d. and la. Gd. tine.

royibrid Lung Tonic 1 The most tip-to-date, best

and most sum,. the Wor

COUGHS &COLDS

ho =ult.; fro," TXPOAT CAUTIOIII:—Ask for .ov/bridge mid take no subialt

W. T. OWEIRIDGE.Ltd. The Labor

114 2A, 416 &

- * NOTE A "TH NAME k '• E NOTE BAKING POWDER -- Genuineonly in packets and tins LAgEL

To CLEAN CREASE From CAS OVENS or KITCHENERS TRY ' KLEENOFF.'

It saves all labour and scouring ; is cheap and effective. Ask your Ironmonger or Gas k:oncern for it. Price 64 per large On, or send 46.• in stamps for sample to-- _ _ _ _

The KLEEN 071 CO., 5 Crooked Lane, London, EC.

IF YOU CAN'T WALK

-boor ient (I.•allredl .11 renebr ‘,l 4.11011111 k In t•silv pb•b•Ilod men by tle •and man, in• vang 40 or M In • do", run Two-Sr•••4 V/beol. £24 1128. ampler rov-oble• from £l6. 11.1 rmre, to delN1t1•••1 moan •11 ~•rt• binaM,al bunt LOnliall. Catologur lablan•r •—• • -

23 P7l* Now.".. 111 • wport. W I.ht

WEALTH.

ar- 0,1 ig men per 'reek at ma4a 4mrl. =rOF raling. any Wale, nn Pnne■ kkeb•elde 4•WAIg. ill Mail%Rot 0.,l Blum,. TLAV:ia SI Ilart It. WC.

i _Of all 2~lWe sad Stone, 21 pie mai. i 1

OURES ALL

CLARKE'S B, 41 PILLS are warranted to oars I. either sex ell acquired or conetitutioeal discharged, from the Urinary Organs, Oravel sad p.m. in the book. Free from Mercury. Established : upwards of 40 years. In boxes 4s. 641. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or sent for silty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co-, Lincoln:Ades

ADVICS 70 711071111RS."—Are yen broken in your rest bye sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth I Go at once to • chemist, and get • bottle of Id us. WINSLOW'S 60071111(0 SYRUP. It produces ontural,lniet sleep by relieving the child from palsy and tbe little cherub awakes " as bright ass button.' 7,ontaine no Poisonous Ingredient. Of al Cbmisis list. par bottle.—Adst.

..o .1t9.;°..i.D . / rot I 'illa', arbrutges 4.: '-.. UfgyTonte .00 ,F. ... AKI O,COI 01 :-.• , : ! VII n '909 .9 e 43 11; 't.74 k [lf ~, n I.oltri. lul Rm eedy dkw 111 INITIG::: KN." lit ~" ---„_. a. zt.a.;_y .;..., ziP,5 ~... ...., , 4,...... ...#,'t E.,,...L.,r. ~„-;.:"L" è. allie 600 1 11.1 • . 41,,, *IIA con .6 i. rr ..q --- ''

;PLACERS, SINGE..

Clarke's Blood Mixture

For eteameng the blood an howl. CL.a from whathrer caoth aritths: there is DO oth, medtetne loot OA rood a. CsUtS 0:no. Murree—that's why to th nasty awe of Erlarna. Bed Leo. A henethee, 80110. Sore& rrf k:nrly, Puln, Glandular awell:nr: Blood I' :: tow Ithenmatteoz. Gulf, If. It two eflerted truly row:ark:able core. where all other Cr: at - rue... Lye foaled - It Intl de ti• am. the yaw

===== 0002601_19111111_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
',IF

meat would not know as to who sent them in riwar. Mr. BRATA&ONT Of the Manchester Anti-Suftrage Society, who conducted a correspondence with Miss Waring on the suffrage question in our oolumns, said his objections to the enfranchblement of women were aurnmned up in three main points. (I) Law and order was only secured by tte minority being subject to the rule of the majority. (2) The essential recognition of the mysterious, hut nevertheless Inalterable and wide diversity betwaen the sexes. (3) Toe undesirability of conceding the importance of far reaching legislation in response to militant demands. He said the question had often cropped op about the right to vote. He contended there was no such thing as the right to vote. If there was finch a thing as the right a man would he able to dispose of it as property. Resuming the debate Miss STERLING referring to the argument of physical force said that the whole birth of the world had tended to a profound conviction to the contrary. 'Muir very lives were firml7 based on the conviction that human beings bad a spiritual and moral nature mere powerful than the physical. She did not believe ther 3 Rea the slightest fear of the men turning out and breaking the law because they believed it to be woman, made law, and she failed to see the slightest evidence of it being likely. Miss MOIR in reply, said she agreed with Miss Sterling that the world was not governed by physical force. She never for one moment said it was. It was I the element of pliysical force which men at the bottom ,of good government. If they were to be governed by spiritual force what secs the necessity for the vote It was pretty generally known that women had higher ideals than men. If that were so it would be a danger to government to give the sex Who had a higher ideal the power of making laws and to force those laws on , the sex who had lower ideals. The grave danger was that having those high ideals ahead of them they would get laws which a man wetild not keep and therefore bring the whole of the laws into disreapect.Before they should have the vote women should learn more about the political question and she would suggest they began with municipal government. The tendency had always been for the two sexes to differentiate whilst the tend- ency of the suffrage movement was to become assimilated. They could not demand protection and equal rights and responsibilies. (Applause.) rho debate was wound up by Miss Sterling who said if the suffrage was granted to women it 'maid tend to consolidate what had gone on very markedly for fifty years—the sharing of life in its fulled sense. The resolution was pot to the meeting by the CHAIR- MAN, a majority icing declared in favour. A vete of thanks io tte Chairman brought a pleasant and educative meeting to a close.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY MAN TO VOTE.

PREMIER S MOMENTOUS ANNOUNCEMENT.

Woman Suffrage Coming.

PLURAL VOTINC ABOLISHED

Franchise Anomalies to be Swept Away.

An announcement which will mark an epoch in the developmeot of free institutions in ibis country was made by Mr. Asquith on Tuesday in receiving a deputation on adult suffrage. The Government, said the Premier, wmld next semi vi introduce a Bill conferring the vote on every man in the community and abolishing plural voting. The measure thus foreshadowed sill be the most notable extension of the franchise since the great Reform Bill of 1832. At the 1901 census there were in England and Wales alone 8,552,436 males and 0,547,629 females of the ages of 21 and upwards. The age divisions of the numbers enumerated at this year's census have not yet been made known, but the population of England and Wales showed a total increase in the last ten years of 3,547,426. The nuinber of electors at present on the register in England and Wales is 6,387,716. Manhood suffrage would add about 3,000,000 to the number of voters in England and \Vales. The number of women of the age of 21 and upwards in England IA present must be 10,000,000 at least. On the question of woman suffrage Mr. Asquith re-affirmed his old position that it sill be open to the Hcuse of Commons to make that extension by amendment. . . . .

It is probable that the qualification for the vote will be sir months' residence. The position when the deputation met the Vrime Minister was : .

1. That plural voting would be dealt with next session. .

2. That reg'stration was being considered, and 3. That a week, or possibly longer, would be granted for the Conciliation Bill. By one stroke Mr. Asquith will demolish all these perplexities. The entire network of existing qualifications will disappear (says the " Daily Fevre.") With those qualifications will vanish the sinkter figure of the plural voter. Men will vote once only, not by virtue of a latchkey, but as citizens. The Bill will be no fiamed as to allow an amendment extending the vote to women. Such amendment will be left to the judgment of the House. If, however, it be carried, the Bill, including women's suffrage, will remain a Government measure, to be supported as such on third reading. It will be quite a short Bill, and need not occupy any more time than would be necessary to deal s,parately with Omit voting and women's suffrage. The Bill will place the duty of registration ~n a public authority, and will so sweep away the costly battles now annually fought out before revising barrister 8.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL

When was football first played in this country ? The " Philadelphia Record, "in an interesting article on football, seta out to answer thin question At Derby, England, football was played an the memorial of a great rejoicing for a signal victory gained over the Roman legions in the third century. At Chester the first football used in an annual gams is said to have been a Dane's head. In the Isle of Purheck the free quarrymen have from time immemorial per- petuated their claim to a piece of land by 4:ek- ing a football /ICT ON it in accordance w.th the quaint old tenure of the original grant. The football bobbed up serenely during the reign of Edward 111. of England, when, in 1319, the game was prohibited by public edict because it diverted time and attention from the more martial and patriotic exercises of those feudal times, such as archery and wrestling. This, as far as it is kowein, was the first mention of the game by the popular name it bears now. Edward 111, however, had previously forbidden struggles over " grossess pelotes " (big balls) and Henry IV. and VIII. also legislated against football as a had thing for the " dear peemil. " It seems that even Shakespeare attacked the game, although the closest student of that poet may find it difficult to find the passage in "King Lear" in which reference is made to a "bane football player."

===== 0002601_19111111_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A PATRON SAINT.

- - Footballers may also be interested to bear that the game has a patron saint: Although it is not generally known, the football bag a patron saint. In 1520 a boy named fingh, who wee one of the champions of his day, had the misfortune to kick a ball through the window of a Jew's house. Whether the ball struck the man or any member of his family in not known, but certain it is he van very much incensed about the affair. Determined on revenge he enticed the unsuspecting Hugh into his home and plur ged a knife in the youth's back. Ike English people were very much cut up about the loss of their champion. albeit not as much cut up as Hugh. They malady punished his slayer, made the young football player a saint, and gave him a big nod expensive funeral. They ' even wrote series; bad Terns, but still verses, describ- ing the virtnes of "sweet idir Hugh " and his prowess as a football player. Football was forbidden in Elizabeth's reign under pain of imprisonment, the reason Icing the extreme brutality of the game, we are told. And James I. debarred " all rough and violent exercise. like foot- ball " from his Court. In spite, however, of the pro- hibition against the game, the London apprentices often kicked a football about the streets to keep them:prima warm in winter, and it is on record that la the mavens frost of 1661' the London streets were "fall of foot- balls."

===== 0002601_19111111_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
A LINGERING DEATH.

Mr. Coroner Ridgway held so Inquest. at P.occora on Tuesday, on the body of Albert Atherton, aged 12, of 7, Chaucer-street, who died on Saturday from irtjariee received last May. Deceased was employed on the barge Badger, owned by Moms. William Cooper and Sons, Widnes, and while a water tank was belt's lowered into the bold the hempen rope by which it was rue- broke. Deceased was attack, and received Injuries to the spine. The captain of the barge expressed the opinion that in the raising and lowering process the rope was cut by the edge of the tank. The jury returned a verdict of" Accidental desth."

===== 0002601_19111111_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
SKIN & BLOOD DISEASES

===== 0002601_19111111_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
lA"'

===== 0002601_19111111_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
HELP (?). (Whilst professing to support the Insurance Bill the Opposition are doing all they can to prevent its speedy passage into law.)

,7,-sq-t\

THE INSURANCE BILL: "I say, Balfour, are yjm supposed to be helping him to carry me?"

From Reynolds' Newspaper.

tion of British Treasury experts—when you come presently to consider the adjustMent of Ireland's finances in the forthcoming Home Rule Bill. MR. BALFOUR'S SHAKY HISTORY. Mr. Balfour condescended the other day to offer some remarks on the now inevitable Home Rule Bill and since he gave a good deal of time to the historic side of the ques- tion it may be interesting to follow him in that domain. We were glad to find him acknowledging that aspect of the question;for your average Unionist bluffs the case by talking contemptuously of the musty for gotten past. But where in the world did the Leader of the Opposition—the Leader by pleasure of the Halsbury Club—get his patchwork theory of history from? He blandly tells us that the Irish Parliament failed. It is common ground between all the responsible writers of whatever political colour or leaning that the peace, commerce and general welfare of Ireland were higher than ever in the period of that Parliament.l The Parliament was ended, Mr. Balfour says,' and with the bland manner of an old-fashioned lecturer before children calmly ignores the infamous bribery and corruption by which that ending was compassed. Of course every- thing depends on the point of view and if the object of granting a Parliament to Ireland in 1872 was to keep that country backward and derelict, then indeed it was a failure. For Mr. Balfour cannot but know that in their secret communica- tions the devisers of the Union avowed that one of their principal motives in endeavouring to abolish the Irish Parliament was the stoppage of the prosperity of the country. Cooke, the Under-Secretary, in a most secret memorandum for Castlereagh's use states some of the causes of the dis- advantages of the existence of an Irish Parliament. He enumerates six causes, and as the second " disadvantage " we have this statement :—" The general prosperity of the country, which has produced great activity and great energy." This document was revealed to the public in 1849, and a more vivid example of the base conspiracy which sought to check the "energy and activity" of the Irish race cannot be imagined We regret there is no space to follow further Mr. 13alfikir's strange interpretation—if so partisan and inaccurate a rendering may be thus termed—but may we point out to Englishmen his surprising ignorance of the British Constitution itself. Speaking of the Canadian and other Parliaments in the Empire, he said these were absolutely independent and free from control of the Imperial Parliament in Westminster. We make no pretence to a legal mind, but we should have thought any student of Dicey or Anson—the accepted authorities of the Con- stitution—would have known that no Bill which the English Ministry opposed can become law in any Colonial Parliament, and Mr. Balfour must have known in his own lifetime of the use of this Veto. To cite only a few, in 1872 the assent of the Crown was refused to a Canadian Copyright Act, because parts of it conflicted with British legislation. A year later a Canadian Act was vetoed as being contrary to the British North America Act, and on similar grounds in 1878 a Canadian Shipping Act was vetoed by the Home Government. Similarly in our own day, Parliament has disallowed Australian Acts for checking Chinese immigration. We think it extraordinary that an ex-Prime Minister should show such want of accuracy in so important a matter, not of Ireland, but of the British Constitution itself.

. -- - \ • INTO -_— • N i LAW .. , - ,--) q'C;\-----,-,-----'-----'------r---"'-- <6, --=z-_,T - `.2, - .---•,=---r -fr -I , -• /4te !' II i )1'1;1:11k ~-'' (f- 4 .--- a ,ii , I Ili - , 11 11 I \ '4l '•-_.> ic4 .// „ i 1 1 11 ) I 10. \ 1 -- ' .." 11l •• 01,0 \-- '/' IWE 1 , W ' d i 3 LTA, 1 j , '',,j —k. ---- 4‘•inim............5----1—......1iimr- irlOal ,_. 7 ~,,,, Q ,Li, A ..;•.„ i I / „,, _____ , vi4...z.... ' '7/ \•--- :•1$•• --'.--'---- --- 2°7 - - - - ,016:•--- 6 ----.-- ---- %. ........ 46..2 ... - - -------- -------,?..._<(;,. ~

===== 0002601_19111111_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA COLDS end Epidemic Cougbs Cured by VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

Mrs. Harness, 20, Telford Street, Barrow-in-Furness writes :—" I suffered weeks from a very had attack of influenza, coughing night and day, and nothing gave me relief. Then I tried Vernon Lightning Cough Cure, and in a very short time the cough stopped and I am now quite cured. I would recommend your remedy to all the world." Venue Lightning Cough Cure vas awarded the Grand Prix and Gold Medal for purity and efficacy at the recent Paris Health Exhibition, and is a perfect remedy for all chest, lung and throat troubles. l'rice ltd. and 25.19 d. of all chemists

WARRINGTON CLUB. CAPTAIN'S PRIZE COMPETITION. Played on Saturday. Scores :

FIRST DIVISION. Gross Wasp Net W Dutton Dr W J Pescooks J E Melee B9 ... 6 ... 83 I. Holden B3 ... +1 .. 83 C H Unsworth 99 ... 6 ... 93 A Knowles 14 Wharton J 51 Murray CU Stone SECOND DIVISION . F Preedy 80... 20 ... 78 S Newcombe lOl 17 . 84 T Knowles J Clarke J F Fairhurst ll3 ... 24 89 R Rudd W Dutton, Ist Division, qualifies with 88, 8, 80 net. F Preedy, 2nd qualifies with 99, 20,78 net.

Mr. Henry Beeobem, St. Helens, wee lined £5 and looms at the Liverpool Pollee Couyt on Tneedey for driving a motor-car to the danger of the public.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST,

AN FXTRAORDINARY LAPSE.

On Thursday evening, the Rev. George Curtis wa, publicly recognised as pastor of Hill Cliffs Baptist Church. Last night, in connection with St. Clement's Illation, the Rev. Prebendary Wakeford lectured on " Marriage." The two events remind me of a singular incident. An aged couple, personally known to myself, being in receipt of old age pensions, arranged to marry and so effect a saving in rent and so forth. The prospective bride undertook to put up the banns and make the necessary appointment as to officiating clergyman. Calling at the parsonage one evening the Lund that the vicar was away, therefore ebe decided to leave a message with the good man's wife. The latter happened at the moment to be con- ducting a class of young women, and the visitor was invited into the room where there were gathered. When she simply explained the nature of her errand, the audience naturally became all avention, though of course there was an abundance of decorewdy suppressed merriment. " Well," went on the vicar's wife, " and what is the happy man's name ?" " As, deary me," responded the puzzled thane "now you bother me. for I've clean forgetten it ! " " But furtly," said the questioner, " you can recall it ? Come, just think now, and don't be flurried—take a little time." " Nay, it's gone; for sure it has. Well, this here is a bonny come off. Hold on a minute. , It's sumroat to do wi' windows, I know that much." Thhs the ancient dame; whereopm there ensued quite an exci,ing guessing competition. At length one girl suggested curtains 'As, bless yo, child," exclaimed the visitor, " that's done it—for sure it has. His name's Curtis !" " WHOOA EMMA ! . . .

Thursday was Mayor's day, not only at Warrington, but at every other place boasting a Charter of Incor- poration; and great and marvellous are the stories that such an occasion brings to mind. There is the classic instance of the "self-made "functionary who ol served that a Mayor must be "like Clesar's wife, all things to all men," and there are innumerable other chestnuts of the kind. There is one perhaps not al well known to the effect that once upon a time the late Queen Victoria accompanied by Princess Beatrice, visited a provincial town for II e purpose of opening a certain new public building. Immediately after the ceremony Ber Majesty was invited to place her signature in a book provided for the occasion. After she had done so l'rincess Beatrice followed suit, and then the pen was handed to the Mayoress of the town, and she was asked to sign too. Dipping her pen into the ink she was for a moment non-plumed by observing that t he signatures preceding hers were simply

" VICTORIA." " BEATRICE."

However she was equal to the oecriFion, and, getting a good grip on her pen, she triumphantly arrawled on the next line— _

" EMMA JAN."

Our own borough is remarkably fortunate in having, not only a Mayor who adorns the office, but likewise a Mayoress who, in all circumstances, lends grace dignity and charm to the jenition. MISQUOTATIONS.

The cne cited in the openi g senterces of the fore- going item .-eminds rue of the paragraph on "Biblical quotations" in last week's " Women's Chat." S. meone has noted that a pleasant hour may be spent now and again with a good dictionary el quotations. It is indeed delightful to turn over the pages haphazard and refresh one's memory with these jewels of thought gathered up from the treasure of English literature. The pity of it is that so few will take the trouble to look up their quotations ; men are too ready to accept them Loco each other instead of going to the true s urea. As the compiler of the Women's column showed a week ago, Bible quotations are frequently in error; yet what a simple matter it would be to verify them for oneself. As other writers upon this fruitful theme have observed, we often hear that the tongue, according to the Scriptures, is an " unruly member," but you may search the Scriptures from end to end without finding the passage that describes it. I have a good collection of such curiosities, but cannot make much one of them in these miscellaneous jottings. Some time ago, in a article dealing with favourite misquotations, it was pointed out that the octil lure pas-age coming nearest to the popular phrase about the " unruly member " is—" But the tongue can no man tame; it is an unruly evil." One of the most general of Biblical misquotations (con- tinued this authority) is or was, " Charity covereth a multitude of sins,"for the authorised reading,"Charity shall cover the multitude of sins " ; however the revised version has " Love covereth a multitude of sins" ; so, after all, there was some authority for the emendation. The Prayer-book offers no such excuse fi r variants ; yet dna men out of ten talk in all good faith of a" just cause or impediment" when " cause or just impediment "is what ia written ; and among the laity it is usual to substitute "for ever after hold his peace " for " hereafter for ever." In reference to the marriage service many make the mistake, " Those a horn Cod bath joined," instead of "joined together." And so forth and so on ; it would be possible to multiply such things- almost indefinitely. ELLEN TERRY. I have touched on two or three current local topics, but I take it that of its kind the leading event of the week iu Miss Terry's Shakesperian recital at the Parr Hall on Thursday evening, so that I need hardly apologise for adding to what I have previously written respecting this ever-green subject. Mist Ellen Terry's autobiography, reprinted from an American maga- zine, has been published by Messrs. Hutchinson. It is full of anecdotes and incidents in her long and distinguished theatrical career. As I stated last week, she began her life upon the stage with Charles Kean and his wife when she was only eight years old, and afterwards joined a stack company. At sixteen years of age she was married to G. F. Watts, the at tist, and with him spent a brief holiday at Tennyson's house iti the Isle of Wight. Of this visit she writes at length and very interestingly. She also deals with dignity and admirable taste with the story of her brief married life, concerning which many inaccurate stories have been told. As I have previou,ly noted, her gifts as an actress are inherited, and, moreover are, in some degree shared by her three sisters, two brothers, and children. As I have already shown, she was only eight years old when she made her first appearance on the stage under the Keane management, taking the part el the child, Mamilius in " A Winter's Tale " at the Princess Theatre. Soon afterwards she played as I'uck et the same theatre. Two years later she was taking a part in "King John," and performed it in a fashion that won hearty recognition. In the early sixties she was with various of the old " stock " companies in which she gained a great deal of valuable experience. In 1887 she acted for the first time with the late Sir Henry Irving, playing Katherine to his Petruchio in "The Taming of the Shrew," at the Queen's Theatre. In 1875 (between 1888 and 1874 she was absent from the stage) she played Portia in an eleborate revival by the Bancrofts of the "Merchant of Venice." It was tier brilliant performance that rescued the revival from failure. A succession of triumphs followed. The lustre of these led to her engagement by Henry Irving as his leading lady for the Lyceum in 1878. Thee begun that long partnership which extended from that time until 1902, and won both great renown not only in England bat throughout the United States (which she visited for the first time in 1883), and on the Continent. It was a partnership that marked a splendid revival of Shakespeare, "the chief glory of the actor's calling." Miss Terry showed her versatility and genius in wonder- fully varied rolee—Ophelia in 1878, Portia in 1879, Beedernona in IhBl, Juliet and Beatrice in 1882, Viola in 1884 Lady Macbeth, Katherine (Henry VIII.), Cordelia, Imogen, Volumnia Ac. &c. Those who heard her here on Thursday will assuredly concede that the gifted settees reaches her zenith in Shakesperean characters—embodies the poet's women as he drew them, plays them as he meant them to be

played. Testifies one critic—" As Portia and Beatrice her special gifts of method and temperament found their chief 'trope, making the Lyceum a name of world wide not,. Miss Terry played in many other parts, but it is as a most charming and accomplished Shakes- perian actress that she will always be remembered. Finally: Her sense of fun is keen. She was once asked by a lady hairdresser for a testimonial for some hair-wash. Miss Terry consented, and the hair- dresser's surprise may be imagined when she received a large portrait of the actreis as Marguerite in " Faust." Of course in this part she weals a wig with beautiful long plaits. Beneath the photo was written—" Ellen Terry, after rue application of Miss 's hair-wash." She has her foibles sod prefer- ences. For instance, she collects the eye-glasses and pinee-nez of celebrities. She dislikes Ibsen plays. She loves perfumes and rich fabrics. She does not care much for jewels. She is very fond of cats, and trains them to perform a number of clever tricks. Warrington is proud to have been honoured by her presence this week, and the Philomathic Society has hereby added to its laurels. TEMPERANCE SUNDAY. Temperance in relation to intoxicants will be specially considered in local pu'pits to-morrow and the day's units d efforts; will culminate in a representa- tive meeting in Parr Hall, arratged by the executive of the Band of Hope Union. The ref mice sends me back upon the annual repo] t of the Commissioners of Customs and Exci,e, to which allusion has already been made in this column. According to this , unquestionable authority, the consumption ofopirits which had been on the cleciine for the last ten years, fell at an accelerated rate daring the twelve months under revi-w, no that now it is but half what it wan at the beginning cf the decade in question. Neither does the Englisl man drink nearly as much beer as he did. Curiously enough, there has likewise been no inconsiderable falling off in coffee; and, while there has been increased demand for mineral waters and cocoa, tea has made by far the greatest advance. But when due allowance is made for the larger consump- tion of the various temperance beverages, it is plain that the nation does not drink anything like so much as was the case a few years ago. Nevertheless, there is still plenty of scope for reformers, and the most sanguine and optimistic of these will agree that the time for the abolition of Temperance Sunday in not yet. It is true that within 83 recent a perk das the year 1899 the people spent on intoxicating liquors , the appalling sum of £186,000,000 or so, and that the total now stands at £157,000,000. This is indeed, as Carlyle used to phrase it, "significant of much," especially is it a matter for congratulation and encoeragement when, glancing over statistics concern- ing mortality, one finds that deaths from cirrhosis of the liver and other diseases unmistakably due ti exceesive drinking are markedly en the decline. All the same, goodness knows that for vast strides in the way of further improvement there is ample room aid verge enough. I will nit trouble readers with the comparative tables, but I will just remark in passing that, when in this respect set side by side with her ! daughters acmes the seas—say, Australia, New Zealand, and in particular Canada—the L'aited Kirgdom has muse lks.r shame and confusion of face. THE CLUB QUESTION.

must not pursue this imrortant subj. et to the exeusion of other interests, but 1 should like just to touch uptn the aspect of it indicated in my sub- headline. From a Blue Book issued in August of last Tear, I find that on the let January, 1909, there were in England and Wales 91,045 premises with on and off licences, and 24,677 premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating 'ignore for consumption off the premises, giving proportions, according to the ekimated population, of 26.3 en-licenct s, and 09 off- licences per 10,000 persons. The number of on-licences showed a decrease of 1,472 compared with , January Ist of the previous year, the number having: steadily fallen from 100,766 in 1903, and it may fairly be assumed that this has meanwhile continued at an equal rate at least. I tupgest this bemuse in ten years 1895 to 1904 the average annual decrease was 380. For the four years 1905 8 the average was 1,358, and for the five years since the Act of 1904 came into operation abut 1,381. The decrease of off-licences will probably be about 245. Now I come to my main poit,t. It wag stated that at the beginning of the year above mentioned there were 7,323 registered clubs, and it was estimated that these were increasing at the nits of 312 per annum. Commenting upon this, one wrote—" If that estimate is realised the increase will be the greatest in any recorded year, and will be a matter of much impot t- ance. The figures do not support the common state- ment that for every public-house that is closed a club arises, that being still a more than four-fold exaggera- tiou, but they bting it appreciably nearer the truth, 'and show that clubs are increasing at a greater rate than can well be accounted for by the growth of population." However, the estimate was not realised, and the pessimisti3 Dote thus struck was not justified. Take, for instance, the last annual report of the U.K.A. Ina sec:ion dealing with the increase in the number of clubs in its relation to the increase of on-licences, it is therein shown that there has been no such increase of clubs as is commonly stated to be the ease, and that the great majority of the new clubs do not enter into competition with the public-house. The importance of the club as a liquor distracting agency is stated to be greatly exaggerated to withdraw !popular attention from the public-house.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW XMAS CARDS AND CALENDARS.

Nihau preparations have hardly entered into one's 1 calculation as yet, but there are various reminders that the festive season is not far oft. One of the first gentle hints that we get each year is from the world. renowned art publishing house of 9lessre Raphael Tuck and Sons, who are always early in the Reid with their Xmas cards, calendars, booklets, and artistic novalties of all kinds. We hare been privileged to have a" press view' of Messrs. Tuck's productions for the coming Xmas season, end they are in truth, dazzlingly beautiful and wonderfully varied. The Dickens Centenary (1912) suggests interesting subjects for some of the finely illustrated calendars and cards ; it is certain that there will be secured as seasonable gifts by hundreds of admirers of that dearly-loved writer.

A popular but much more ephemeral notion in Messrs. Tuck's productions will be found in the leap year cnrds and calendars. Autograph stationery and boxed cards have been further exploited; and most of the designs show great refinement and beautiful finish. Throughout the large selection of cads ilecorated in colour, black-and-white, or a brown tint there is (as in former yeare) the highest class work, no matter what may be the price of each card. Beautiful illuminated designs are still to be bad and some excellent results should be noted in black- and-red on tinted ground and in sepia ; with these the new rather course brown linen tape, riled an tier, is in perfect harmony. The Royal uardn, of which six varieties are offered this year, arena usual, very finely produced with notable subjects, moreover, considering cost of production they are to be had at most moderate prices. A greet novelty this season is a specially beautiful reproduction of the Castle Howard Mabee° " The Adoration of the Kings," painted about I:40, and recently purchased by the truntses of the National Gallery from the Counters, of Carlisle for £40,000. Each picture is no artistically reproduced as to be well worth framing ; prices DC and Is. One other novelty must not be overlooked, for it may be considered as an acceptable little present, and will also be useful to seed when actual greetings would be oat of place. It form,. series of" vellum "missal. in different designs (I 121 n. by Din.), intended to be bring from silk cords, and basing the following titles" A Christmaa Recipe " A Song of Praise" (Roble); " A Christmas Carol" (Cralk) ; " The First Christmas Tree" I (A.D. 772); " A Christmas Prayer " (Vandyke) ; and " A Merry Christmas" (Charles Dickens). The illumina- tion and soft colourings on the tensed grounds are ill very decorative, and quite worthy of the reputation of Messrs. Tuck while the minuets themselves; are worthy of apiece is any boudoir or drawiug-rcom.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
FORCED TO ACCEPT SALARY.

After sitting for six hours the Nelson Town Council came to • decision in regard to the mayoralty at one o'clock on Tneaday morning. The Labour IPart7 have temporarily gained a majority prior to the election of aldermen en Thursday, and they insisted upon the Mayor accepting a talary. This condition the retiring member promised to accept, and he will be re-elected.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Tligir Majesties' Visit to India.—As may be imagined, everything in the way of sumptuous appoint- ments has been does to make their Majesties voyage to the East in the Medina,pleasant and asreeable. A novel feature is the provision of specially fitted apartments amidships, for the use of the Queen in rough weather, which is rather to be expected in the Bay of Biscay at this time of year. The Medina, which sails on Slaw- day, escorted by a powerful cruiser squadron, is the latest and largest of the P. &0. liners. She may well be termed a floating pa'ace. and the vessel has been fitted with a specially powerful wireless installation, no that at no psrt of the voyage will she be out of touch with the rest of the world. Her full complement with mariners and band, numbers close upon 800 persons. Their Majesties suite and guests make ups party of about thirty, and the ladies in attendance on ihe Queen include the Duchess of Devonshire, the mistress of the Robes ; Lady Shaftesbury, a Lady of the Bed chamber ; and Mims Venetia Baring a Maid of Honour. .

The Revel Indian Tour—On their previous Indian tour the King and Queen visited Delhi, when they were the Prince and Princess of Wales, but their Majesties' Durbar visit to India is an event of historic import- ance, and will be the occasion of universal rejoicing throughout that vast Empire. The Durbar will be the last of a series of Coronation ceremonies, as it will ha, from the spectacular point of view, the moat magnifi- cent, and it will be the first time in history that the reigning Sovereign and his Consort have held Court in the capital cities of India. The great Durbar will be held on December 12th, but their Majesties will stay some eight or nine days in Dalhi, where Lord and Lady Harding° will entertain an immense party in the Vice- regal Camp. Among a very large nember of distin- guished penple going out to India era the Duke and Ditchers of Hamilton, Lord Iveagh, Lord and Lady Gerard, L3rd and Lady Londeaborough, Lord and Lady Mar and Kellie, and about of other titled folks. The King and Queen will ho in Calcutta about Christmas time, and the capital of India will witness one of the most brilliant Anglo-Indian winter seasons on record. Christmas Fare.—So many commodities premise to be exceptionally dear at Christmas time, that it is 53me relief to be told that turkeys, p3ultry, and game of all kinds, will be more than usually pientifol, and ought to be cheap. The fine, dry summer prevented the loss of young birds from disease, end these favourable con- ditions also prevailed is Normandy and other countries, from which we import turkeys in large quantities, and we are informed that they ought to te from 3d. to 4d. per lb. cheaper than last Christmas. The Christmas pudding on the other hoed, will cost a good deal more. for all the articles that go to the making of that indis- pensable item of Christmas fare--dried fruits, sugar, butter, eggs, etc., are up in price. Nuts also are scarce, and likely to be dear. At present walnuts which the " Lancet" tells us are a " ridiculous excess" when taken after dinner, are p'entifol, but the dry year has tended to produce kernelleas nuts, and the crops gener- ally are reported to be small. swapping by Telephone.—People with up-to-date notions are fad of eating that they could not exist without the telephone, but it has many-disadvantafes, One of them is that your friendly telephoneless neigh• bourn are apt to come in at all hours of the day and night, to make use of it, and you are liable to be called up by some enterprising shopkeeper announcing that he is holding a bargain or removal sale, and that it affords you the chance of a lifetime. Another new form of advertising is the practice of shopkeepers weighing in "conversation lozenges "with your goods, which when you pick them out, invite you to " try our home killed bacon "or some other article, as the case may be. That of course has nothing to do will the household telephone to which the gravest objection in the temptation it affords the housewife to do her shopping over the 'phone. The shopkeepers approve of it,but as everybody knowe, it is apt to produce very different results from those when the housewife goes herself to the fishmonger, the butcher, and the greengrocer, and Bees beforehand, the goods she is buying. . .

Palmistry.—There are few businesses more profitable than that of the palmist fortune teller with a fashion- able clientele, cad there is a fresh scare among seers of all varieties, concerning the attitude of the Public Prosecutor, towards their profession. The palmist or clairvoyant is usually a woman affecting a mysterious name, and a semi-Oriental style of dress, and there ia generally an air of sumptuousness abont the rooms in which she carries on her profession. Otherwise there is little to distinguish her ant from that of the fortune- telling gypsiea, whom the law classes with rogues and vagabonds. The practice of palmistry goes back to very ancient times, but it is perhapa a little surprising that such a discredited profession should flourish in these enlightened days of universal education and higher intelligence. _ .

Natural Waists and Corsets.—During the past two or three weeks, many conferences have been held on the subject of fashions, but nothing of importance has resulted. Simplicity is the leading note of many of the models now exhibited from the best Paris houses. Draperies show a master hand in their arrangements, and individual touches are introduced in trimmings that red a further charm to gowns that would be considered lovely without this addition. An understanding with regard to the fashionable figure has been arrived at during the conference mentioned, and fashion for once has made a rational and sensible decision. The waist for this winter is emphatically natural,and accords with the healthy lives women now live. Ten years ago, a small waist was the height of almost every woman's ambition. But now, if Ibis is the result of tight-lacing, it is rightly considered, a distortion. A complete revolution has taken place in consequence of this change of opinion, in the corsets women wear, which no longer crush the ribs and injure the lungs, but fulfil their appointed mission in protecting the sensitive parts of the body. A carefully chosen corset—which need not be an expenaive one—makes all the difference to the apecarance and the wear of a dress. So many good designs are to be had to-day that the smallest areas allowance will permit of a good cut and fit, provided a little discretion is used in the choice.

Novel Combinations.—Dresess of quite fragile materials in bright colours will be worn under long dark for or velvet coats, or if the skirts are of heavier materials, bodices of folded chiffon, coarse lace or biznrre embroideries find favour. Lnce appears this winter on serge suits as well as on gowns. It is worked in thick threads for the adornment of the former. Very crude are some of the decorations used in simpler form in cross-stitch ca the newest dress bodices. Vivid green, brilliant orange, purples and reds run not on most inconguous grounds, but when colours are subdued In tone and they contrast or combine with the colour of the dress, this ornamentation is not without merit.

Mancheetet has now a storage of water equal to 49 days, the supply having been increased by four days an the result of Monday's rainfall.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
MAIM= RIMS l• am • Mae& tat :

RATS& MICE

Mamie= tom Manse 11-a" 0w... S .1••• An.sla Slagle NW, SI. I rlumos T•las. 541 Pt?!.. fr.-. DANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., Bo: il6 • LeakonlbaLl Lemlea. SO., sad et MI 01.•ft5t.e.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH AFFAIRS. NOTES FOR IRISH READERS.

MISCONCEPTIONS ABOUT IRELAND. That Home Rule is" good business" for England and the Empire, as well as for Ireland itself, is a truth which has perhaps not been sufficiently emphasised in the propaganda throughout the country. The number of men of affairs who are ignorant of the most elementary facts of the economic history of Ireland and of her financial rela- tions with Great Britain, is legion. Such ignorance is not surprising and in our opinion the fact of such ignorance is not without argumentative force for a change in the present system of ill-informed Govern- ment. The misconception so common in the English commercial mind that "Ireland is a pauper and a beggar dependent to-day as she has always been through the centuries on the bounty of Great Britain and that her poverty is due to the incapacity of her people land their inaptitude for commercial pursuits" is no doubt very distressing to anyone at all informed on Irish affairs but that the mis- conception does largely prevail is evident in the pages of the " Spectator " and in conver- sations with even Liberal business people. The story of the destruction of Irish indus- try and commerce, though known to every tyro who has glanced at Irish history, is perfectly unfamiliar to those, and they, we fear, are the majority of Englishmen, to whom that history is a sealed book. Such a history—and Mr. Balfour's incursion this week on the historic side of our question shews clearly that it is a most important factor—such a history we say might well have a greater gloom of commercial deficiency and want of industrial habit in its useful train. HOW TRADE WAS STRANGLED.

But the moral is doubled and trebled in force when the blight of the era of penal restrictions and the decadence of the greater part of the nineteenth century are set over against the picture of the progress achieved by Ireland during the eighteen years of her own Parliament's legislation.- in-the reign of William 111. the "Deliverer "of "glorious pious and immortal memory" the great woollen industry of Ireland was ruthlessly destroyed. When the Irish people found that the Pension Parliament of Charles 11. which like its king, was in the pay of France, had suppressed their cattle trade, they commenced to make preserved meat and bacon and as soon as that trade showed prGsperity the industry was attacked by English statesmen and similarly destroyed. Cotton, glass, iron, hats, sugar refining— every industry to which Ireland turned was destroyed by England by the imposition of prohibitive duties or by the closing of ports. One by one " as the late Lord Dufferin truly said "each of our nascent industries was either strangled at its birth or handed over gagged and bound, to the jealous rival interests of England." And even Mr Balfour has delivered this striking criticism,not very long ago, "There was a time, a very unhappy time" said Mr. Balfour " when the British Parliament thought they were well employed in crushing out Irish industries in the interests of the British producer. Itwas a cruel, and it has proved to be a stupid policy." Against this undisputed part of Irish history, let us now set down the turn events took when the Irish were given charge of their own purely Irish concerns. From the very moment Grattan's parliament was established there at once came on foot a great Irish industrial revival. Historians agree that the years of Grattan's Parliamert were marked by a commercial and industrial advance quite unparallelled at that time in any part of Europe, and men in Ireland who had no sympathy with the native element in that country, testified to the extraordinary advance in material prosperity. Even the Bankers of Dublin were moved to record on their minutes in 1798 this resolution, which passed unanimously, that " since 1782 the commerce and prosperity of this kingdom has enormously increased." Clearly then all the destructive measures on Irish industries by a mistaken English legislature had signally failed to strangle the capacity of the Irish people for commerce and industrial advance.

The further fiction which presents the picture of an Ireland " beggarly " and "dependent" is with an amusing kind of logic being much circulated by those whose first principle it is that Irish Government by Westminster has been an unqualified success. Apart however, from this illogical bungling, let us look at the statement itself. Does the London Jingo who grows ecstatic with delight over the offer of two Colonial Dread- noughts know that on returns from the British Treasury, Ireland, after paying all dues and demands for her own government, has during the last century paid into the British Exchequer no less a sum than three hundred and thirty millions? Three Hundred and Thirty Millions! Think of that fact— we say fact advisedly, since it is no wild statement of an "agitator," but the computa-

The Examiner Aturday November 11, 1911

===== 0002601_19111111_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
LADY FORESTERS.

Mrs. A. H. Crosfleld Initiated.

INTERESTING PROCEEDINGS.

At the monthly meeting of (be Ancient Order of Foresters Court " Winmarleigh" for females on Mon- day evening at the Winmerleigb Cafe, the District Officers paid an official visit and the pruceedings were very interesting on account of ths initiation of Mrs. A. H. Crosfield sod Mrs. Martin. Amongst those present were Bro. Baines D.C.R , Bro. Roden D.S.C.R., Pro. Thorn's', D.S., Bro. Peecooli,D. F. Bro. 0. Ms % bury P.D.C.R , Bros. A. H. Crosfield, Clayton and Jones.

S.ster ((MAUD( ens in the chair, supported by Sisters Mrs. Buckley, S.C.R., Sister Perdue, Secretary, Sigler II Turner, Treasurer, Sisters Mrs. Antrobus, Mrs. Jonea, Misses Rue, Lightfoot and R. Reines and others. The Initiation ceremony was performed by Chief Ranger Sister Healey, who expressed her sincere thanks ins neat little speech, to Sisters Mrs. A. It. Crosfield and Mrs. Martin, and hoped their noble example would be the means of inducing others to join this great Friendly Society. (Applause.) Sister Mrs. A. H. CROSTIELD in reply said she felt It a great honour to become a member of the Ancient Order of Foresters. She had been asking her husband what was the date of tietorigin of the Order, bet that rimmed tote lost in the mists of me irprity. She did not know whether their suggestive and most attractive title carried them back to the sylvan days of Adam and Eve (lenghter) but she gathered that it was not unconnectet with the charming story of Maid Marian, the jovial Friar Tuck,and Robin Hood and his Merry Men. (Hear, hear.) She leas glad to sere by the formation of this Court men bad riot been so selfish as to ignore women. After all their inclusion would add to the attrections of the Fraternity. (Laughter sod hear, hear.) Nowadays when the insur- ance Rill was no much in everybody's mind it was well to remember also how much the nation owed to these Friendly Societies, which for so many years had been splendid pioneers in furthering the cause of universal insurance. Remembering all the labourious work that had been door, she felt that in these days of triumph every member of the Order was entitled to wear a feather in hie cap. (Cheers). The principle for which Friendly Societies had 'trite° all these year, seas now accepted by The Government in the great national scheme before the country. (Hear, hear.) In concilia- tion, Mrs. Crottield thanked the sistern and brethren of the Order for the very kind welcome fires to her, and again warmly espreesed the pleasure it had given her to becomes member of the Sisterhood. (Cheers). Mr. CROSTIELD said be thought nothing in the latter half of the lest century was more important in our national life in England than the change which bad taken place in the position of women. Their field of activity in public affair., and their opportunities for useful work had been most widely extended in the list MT or sixty years and he regarded that as an enormous national boon, and also a splendid thing for women, enriching life and developing freak faculties. (Heer, hear). Mr. Crosnold therefore warmly congratulated the Brethren—Bros. :Maybury, Pescuck and others— who had taken the lead in startiog the first Women's Court in Warrington which the Order of Foresters had so atm...fully opened. Here we had Roma] parti- cipating with men in the noblest Lind of co-operation we had in the land. (Cheers.) Mr. Cro,field trusted that the members of their Court would in the near future be swelled by the addition of many members. (Cheers.) Tee DISTRICT CRIES. RANGER (Bro. Baines) com- plimented the court on their numbers and hoped they would still further 'screen their membership, and so carry on are grant Friendly Society work. He was particularly pleased that the Anciont order of Foresters vs. the first in Warrington to opens Court for females. P,D.C.fts Brothers Maybury, Thorniey and Peacock also eddresaed the meeting, and in reply to a vote of thanks to Mrs. Martin, Mrs. Confield and himself, hi r. Citoseinn add he was quite sure that both Sister Crosfield ant SiAer Martin would alwa)s have the ' most plefteurable rrc Beet ion of the deeply interesting ceremony that evening, as they would always have at ' heart the good work and the success of the Order. (Chews).

===== 0002601_19111111_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
INFANTILE PARALYSIS and Nerve an Mu-cular Weakness Cured by DR. CASSELL'3 TABLETS For Weak and Nem us People.

Mrs. H. Wilkinson, 11 Flax-road, Belgrare, Leicest r writes t—" My little girl, aged 3, suffered from infantile paralysis, and nerve and muscular wesknees. We had her some time under medical treatment, but derived no benefit. She could not even stand, or turn over in bed. At last I tried Dr. Ceeeell's Tsblets for Weak and Nervous People, and after five months treatment, my little girl could walk by herrel. and she is mash stronger and 3lbs. heavier. Everybody marvel+ at the cure." Dr. Cassell's Tablets for Weak and Nervous People are safe for the 7oungest child, and will cure all forma of nerve organic, and physical weakness in children or adults. Price llld., Is. lid., and 2s. NI. of all chemists Send 2d. In stamps to Dr. Cassell's Co. Ltd., King-street W., Manchester, for • free trial box.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAYMEN'S MISSION.

Members Entertained by Mr.

P. Peacock.

• local railwaymen, their wives and friends spent a enjoyable evening at Atkinson's Cafe en Saturday, ea the guests of Mr. Peter Peacock. The gathering we. in connection with the Railway Mission, which is doing a splendid work on broad, undenominational lives, and has long bad a warm friend in Mr. Peacock, Saturday's event being only one of many kindnesses he has extended to the workers. There was an attendance of over MO and the proceedings were in every way successful. A excellent dinner was served, and a concert followed. Mr. Peacock presided. and was supported b 7 Miss Bogstrom, the lady missionary, and Inspector A. R. Smith. Mr. Peuxice said that be had intended to offer the workers a trip to Chester during the summer, but he had been prevented by the strike. He was sorry that such an nr.fortunate struggle had been forced upon them tint be was glad to think thee they in Warrington had conducted themselves in such • peaceful manner, Ile had been connected with a similar mission to theirs in Liverpool and possessed a framed certificate from it which he was able to look upon with pride. Ile was not a local preacher but be was glad to think be could do Christian se's. The Cheshire Lines had the greatest number of members at the mission, but he hoped that the London and North-Western Co., would help to swell the ranks and encourage that noble work. He would agaM con- gratulate them on the way in which they behavcd during the strike and if other towns had acted in a similiar manner, there would have been no question of calling in the law. (Applause.) Min The;sreom, in propcsing a vote of thank, to Mr. Peacock, raid that the mission was greatly indebted to him for his help, owing much of its program to that source. They were endeavouring to get those who did not already attend any particular place of worship. to attend their mission which was entirely andenomina- tional and unsectarisn, and where sympathy was shown to all. As they bad met together that night she hoped they would all meet on the morrow at the miseion to return thanks for His blessings. The Railwaymen's Mission was doing • splendid work in Liverpool, there being a membership of not less than eleven thousand and she hoped they would all put , forth their best efforts to help forward the work of the Minsion. (Applause). Mr. s‘i seconded and the vote was heartily carried, Mr. Peacock briefly responding. During the evening an excellent programme was gone through by the following artistes : Miss Sara !ideal, Mr and Mrs Sephton, Hr Dutton, Mr S Aukland (humorist), and Mr Trow, accompanist.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WIFE MURDERER SENTENCED.

At the Liverpool Aasizes on Teesday, Joseph Pletcher (40), I ihoorer, was sentenced to destb for the murder of his wife at Liverpool. Prisoner on thei night of September 2 returned home under the inflames of drink, and in the presenoe of his children struck We wife repeatedly with • kitchen chair.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
_ - ;:. I , OOTISFIL L A TilLtTI ._•_ 1,

NOTES BY " OVALIST."

The match of the season is expected at Wilderspool to-day, the crack Wigan team being the visitors. Will Warrington win is the question? Personally I think they a ill. The players are determined to put in every ounce, and what that means at Wilderspool visiting teams well know. So far, the Wirepullers have not lost a point on their own ground this season, and they mean to maintain the record. A year ago to the day they beat Wigan by 12 points to 10, after a great struggle in which they were unquestionably the superior side.

Looking up the report of the match I find that the Warringtm team was short of Fish and Shugars, that Brooks was injured in the first quarter of an hour and played as a sort of forward while Thomas worked the pack, and that Wigan got a lucky five points in the last five minutes. The try of the day was scored by Waywell. May he repeat the feat.

Virarrington'a team that day was inferior, in my opinion, to the side selected to do duty to-day. The thirteen pla3 era a year ago were : Tilley; Bradshaw, Dickenson, Taylor and Waywell ; Lloyd and Brooks ; Thomas, Boardman, Morgan, Poison, Chesters and Naylor. Wigan can hardly be said to have improved, and the odds are certainly on the side of the Wire- Fullers.

The eelected Warrington team is: Tilley, full back , Waywell, Dickenson, Bradshaw aud Woodburn, threequarters ; Brooks and Creevey, halfbacks ; Johnston, Thomas, Shugars, Arnold, Cheaters, and Bradshaw for cards.

This is about the best side Warrington can command though I should have preferred Cusworth to Dickenson for attacking purposes. However both men played well last week, and the difference between them is slight. Dickenson's chief fault is in lying too far back, behind the scrummage. We want the three- quarter line close up with every roan on his toes. There should be a rare duel at half-back, where Brooks and Creevey ought to hold their own with the famous Wigan pair. As Todd will be an absentee there should be little to choose between the two threequarter lines.

Important changes have been made in the team which into represent Wigan. In last Saturday's game naainst St. Helens, both Ramstlale and Todd were injured. but it is expected that the first-named will have sufficiently recovered to figure in the ranks against the " Wirepullers." Price, however, ban been selected to take Todd's place in the three- quarter line, whilst Mark Green has been substituted for Myers in the forwards.

The selected team isr—Sharrock Leyth m, Jenkins, Price, Miller; Weave, Thomas; Seelinc, Ramsdale, Williams, Sikock, Winstanley, and M. Green. Reserve, Myers.

Prior to the match there there will be a school- boys' game between St. James' and Silver-street ; kick-dl at two o'clock.

Last Saturday, Warrington gratified their supp,rters with the biggest win away from home which they had recorded for sune time. Seventeen points to seven was the t ,tal at Swinton, and but for the referee's strictness on what he considered forward passing, the Warrington score would have been nearer 30 points. In every department the team played fine football, and the passing and running was the best seen this ssason Woodburn got tfflo fine tries ia the first quarter of an hour, and proved that he only wants posse at the right tine to be a free-scoring wing. Brooks played a great game, and Creevey was consistently clever, though he obviously avoided taking rialcs. Among the forwards, who all did well, the stars were Arnold and Cheaters. The former is becoming a second O'Neill in regard to his cleverness in getting the ball out of the ruck and among the threeqnartsrs. He paved the way for two of the tries on Saturday.

The weakness of the opposition had a lot to do with Warrington's easy win, of course Swinton bad some of their best men away, and for a club with such poor reserves this was serious. Oily Parker and Griffiths displayed any cleverness behind, though the forwards were energetic. Kick and rush was the policy of the Blues, and this did not pay against the speedier and cleverer men from Warrington. The famous Lions have lost all their ferocity, and the young cubs will have to grow considerably before they restore the prestige and power of the old club.

The league table up to Saturday it; as follows : For. Aphset. Per- P. W. L. D. G. I'. P. G. T. P. &neve When Hudderstflidlo 8 1 1... 84 60 218... 12 15 69 85.00 Hahn 9 6 1 2.. 13 23 95... 10 9 47 77.77 Hull K. R 8 6 2 0... 23 17 97... 11 7 43 79C0 Wakefield T 9 6 2 1... 20 29 127... 13 11 59 72.22 Hamlet 9 6 2 1... 20 27 121... 15 9 57 77 22 Broughton 7 5 2 0... 14 11 61... 8 9 43 71.42 Warrlngton 10 7 3 0... 13 23 93... 16 19 89 70 ED Widnes Dewsbury 8 5 3 0... 18 25 111... 12 19 81 62.50 Oldhpm 9 5 3 1... 21 95 147... 20 27 121 6111 St. Helens 7 4 3 0... 12 23 93... 10 10 50 57.14 Keighley Salford 9 4 4 1... 10 22 86... 18 20 96 5000 Rochdale IL 8 4 4 0... 15 19 87_ 11 24 94 50.00 York Leigh 9 4 5 0... 17 22 100... 17 18 88 44 44 Barrow Hull lO 3 6 1... 18 30 126... 16 18 86 35 00 Leedp 9 3 6 0... 11 29 82... 16 26 110 3333 Batley Runcorn Coventry Swinton 9 2 7 0... 9 12 51... 19 /5 113 22.22 Brumley Ebbw Vale 9 0 7 2... 8 8 40... 25 38 164 1111 Bradford lO 1 9 0... 811 39... 33 50 216 1090

Since Saturday Rochdale Inee defeated Widnes by 8 points to 3. and Oldham won at Runcorn on Wednesday by 14 points to 5.

The "A" team to visit Wigan will be: Jordan lull back ; Clare, Unsworth, Vernon and Porey, threequarters ; Lloyd and Daintith, half backs ; Harmer, Cooper, Robinson, Critchley, Gibbs and Newton, forwards. I don't fancy their chance, but the championship is hardly within reach anyhow !

The Frawley case is becoming farcical. Hull are willing to pay 5.,1.50 for his transfer from Warrington. but the Colonial managers say they are going ta hold Frawley to his agreement with them. It looks very much as if the famous threequarter will have to spend the winter in idleness. No one seems inclined to give way.

The League matches far to-day ara : Ilatley v. Huddersfield Coventry v. Bradford Bromley v. Leeds Brrmghton Rangers V. Runcorn Ebbw Vale v. Sr. Helens Keighley v. Dewsbury Halifax v. York Hanalei v. Hull Leigh v. Barrow 'Hull Kingston Rovers v. Wakefield Triuit y Oldham v. Australia Swinton v Rochdale Hornets 'Widnes v. Salford Warrington V. Wigan COLONIAL TOCB. Australasian' v. Oldham.

The Australaaians areemphaaising their superiority over Northern Union footballers in a fashion which admits of no doubt. They have wen every County match and International, beaten the Northern League, and on Wednesday they wen the first test match at Newcastle, the chosen of the whole Union going down by 19 points to 10. They were considerably out- clued in play, and I think it ought to be fairly admitted by now that the Colonials play better football—more scientific and effective football—than any of our N.U. sides. They have improved on our own game till they can beat any team we put in the field. The defeat at Wigan. I consider, a slip and would still " back the Colonials to beat the Wipners three times out of four.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Its Future Administration.

The last of the course of three illuargted lectures ow Town Planning in Practice" was delivered in the Parr Ball on Tuesday evening by Nig Fleury R. Aldridge, when he tuos as his subject for thg evening Pawn Planning Administratiod in the future." Alderman A. Bennett occupied the chsir, and there was a fair attendance.

The Cif AIRMAN said be wolild have liked to have seen a much larger atteadoooe, but he was glad to sae they bed the right claws of people with them. lie would hive liked to hive seen mnra members of the Town Council present, but they would hays to be excused owing to another ineetiog. Toe main difficulty they bad to face in connection with the question of Towel Planning was the universal apathy in regard to the subject, and that spothy was due to want of under- standing. The whore question was unfamilar, and people 'approached it wit), a sort of suspicion, and did not realise the immense importance that was attached to it, tnerefore the lack of enthusiesna was manifest. N 3 trae citizen could fail to realies the necessity of same such me more. Primarily there was the question of the slums, which no intelligent person could regard with enythiug else hut feeling, of positive disgust, and some of which were a disgrace to civilization. Another featire was the lamentable lack of open spaces. rule was n3anifeit in the laying-out of Warrington when the chief object had not bean considered and the remit was visible on every hand. The speaker then q toted several streets which if they had only been properly plannei should have presented pictureaque neighbourbootia. Their opportunities of !outlay which should have been a source of revelation and pleseure to thousanl i of toilers had been sacrinoed through want. of foresight. If thy had been alive to the interests of the people their streets would have been planned and preserved in ea :h a mauler that the beautiful spots of Cheshire with which they were surround,. I would have been more obvious. (Applause). Some one had said in Oldham that the only way to make that town beautiful would be to build it aglin. (Lsughter.) That w..• what they were dal ig in Warrington bat they had COUle to the clnchisioe that it was an expensive operation. lie hoped that in future these mistakes of the pact would be prevented and they had power under the Town Planning Act to see that that was so. tie hoped all would work harmoniously for the futherance of this Callib ant that theenthosiaam which had been curiously lacking in the town in the past would be promoted to activity by all taking en interest and doing their utmost for its welfare. (Applauei).

The LEr--rurtge. said h. thought that there was a certai I hope that the people of Warriegton would take the matter of the Town Planning up. Within two years of the poising of the Act no much interest Lai been arousal in it by the solid kind of men they wanted, namely, those on the committees of Town Councils, thtt one hundred of their local authorities in Great. Britain were seriously considering town planning. (Apploise.) Hs wished to mike it quite clear that town plauciug was not a dangerous policy, but a wise fend common sense method of dealing with town develop- ment. They must first ask the permission of the Local Government Board to prepare a plan. He hoped that in another ten years they would not have to seek for permissio-. to prepare a plan but that they would be told by Paeliament that they had to prepare one. The area should include what they could rightly call greater Warrington, including those parts, irrespective as to whether they were in the boundary or not, but where many of the business men of the town lived, and by inviting the co-operation of ths Rural Councils Warrington could prepare the plan and include. the area. Until they had obtained the permismon of the Local Government Board, the only thing they could do thoroughly was to get the Council and owners in agreement about the general desirability of preparieg it. They must call • conference of owners and place before them what they proposed to do in regard to the Act, the amenities of the area, sanitary cormitions and things of that kind, then apply to the Loco! Govere.- meat llotrd ani start on the second stage—the actual preparation of the plan. No roads must be made except. in accordance wirh that plan, and the lines must be the lines embodied in it. Many had the ides that it was • wiste of money to prepare this years before it was required. The Act simpty said that when an estate developed it should do no along certain the Cr and definite lines. They had to power however to compel an owner of land to make his roads before he wished to do so but they had • right to see that the owner should reapply the care and thought that had been lacking iu the past. There were three typei of roads that should be developed—the main arterial road, the secondary road anl the residential road. The first named should lead out of the town and shoull be of suole a width that would meet a real modern !seed. The " road hog " had come to stsy and it was essential that wider roods should be provided to : mNeet the needs of soco vehicles. He did not mean, : however, that they should have a road of 200 feet wide, ; such an idea was hopelessly absurd. If they wanted a road of such an abnormal width, they must be prepared to pay for it. Toe secondary road would bee road on a par with those of today, being &boot 54. m. wide, :with shops &C. Such • road would act sa a service road for the residential road. And then the residential road —where he hoped that the houses would be net back, and where a littls peace and quietness could be obtained. This read be hoped would be • cul ds sao land a-, minimise the traffic. What a boon this would he to some people ! A WILLI working all the day among machinery did not want to Lear the sound of noisy traffic constantly passing before his home. What was wanted instead of the gray roads was the green ones. The former cost a great deal of motley to maintain but what could be better than the green which did not cost much and which wag more pleasant to maintain. Then there was the limitation of the number of houses to the acre. If there was one thing to which • man should stand true it was in regard to the giving of had for recreation purposes. Tr.ere were 40 houses to the sere to-day but he thought that 20 was quite reasonable. The ides, however, that towns were going to extend miles and miles away was foolish for they oust look after the industrial towns and the interests of those ecgsged in these industries. By building near the rail- way a great deal of the unnecessary cartage that waa done at the pre,ent time would be done away with. If there was on desire on the part of the Warrington Town Council to prepare • plan under to 'town Planning Act the Local Government Board could require them to prepare suck a plan, but he was not afraid of such it thing happening here, as tre understood that there was • desire on the part of the Council to see such an Act put into operation. (Applause). After the lecture • number of lantern elides were thrown on the screen, including the proposed circus at Market Gate, Lirappenhall Tenants Estate and Cottages at Sankey,

VOTE OF_THANKS.

After the lecture a vote of thanks was pasted to the Lecturer on th. proposition of Mr A BROOK 1, chairman of the Rural District Council He said that personally he mu in sympathy with the objects so clearly en forth by the lecturer. Ile hoped that it would be 1171 De grain of comfort. to learn that such an Act would be appreciated by the members of their Council (the Rural Council) and the fact that they must very shortly, if they Intended to do something for the future of War- rington get to work in this direction. Mr. berien OWFN said be regretted the Town Council had not made the arrangements for the holding of the lectures at so earlier period and then parbsps they would have bail I.rger attendances. The •iewa of toe lecturer seemed to be those of common mom, nod for progress and development of the tome,but ho was afraid , it would be many years before Town Planning would be put into effect. The Ler-Tuaeit in responding said that he would like to pay • further visit and sive the whole of the time to the simmering of questions. Alderman Bstaarerr said be hoped everyoes would make its point of honour to stir the matter op so that by the time ti, lecturer paid another visit they would be throusb the first stage of the scheme. (Applant.e.)

Sr William NIA: Aitken, M.P. for Ashton, who has recently returned from Canada, lias goo* into the country to lest. His health in far from good, and he will DOC a able to fulfil some engsgemeots in this week-end.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

Results of Saturday's Matches.

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE. G. T. P. G T. P. Batley Hawks 2 622 Bradford Noth's 3 2 12 Dewsbury 3 12 46 Brumley York Waluallold Trio. ... 4 2 14 Halifax. ^ 1 7 Barrow 2 4 16 Salford Huddersfield Warrington ......

AUSTRALASIANS' TOUR, Australasian, 4 626 Hull LANCASHIRE SENIOR CUP.—SECOND ROUND. _ _ _ _

Widnes 2 6 22 Coventry Wigan Oldbam Rochdale Hornets 3 4 18 Broughton Rang 0 1 3

LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

Pemberton — 10 Millom Warrington A —— 27 Swinton A 1 1 5 Wigan Ilightleld —— 25 Leigh Shamrocks 0 0 0 Warrington's Good Win at Swinton. Following upon the Colonials' triumph over Swinton on the Wednesday, there was any amount of confidence among the %Farrington men that they would repeat the dose on Saturday. Swinton have been unfortunate of late, and the team has suffered from injuries to lead- ing players. On Saturday Del Davies, D. B. Daviee, Fairhurst and klorria were all semntees, and the reserves sere hardly of the calibre to oppose Warring- ton, who had only one change from the selected team— Unsworth for Bradshaw. She weather was, fortunately fine, though the ground was soft as the result of heavy rain the day before. A crowd of about 3,000 witueseed the match. Teams end officials :

Warrington Tilley, back :;* *Woodburn, linsworth, Dickenson and Way well, threequarter tacks ; Brookes and Creevey, half-tacks; Johnston, Thomas, Shugars, Arnold, Chesters and Bradshaw, forwards. Swinton Gniltth., back ; Parker, Valentine, Frodsham and Miller, threequarter backs ; Jones and Dawson, ball-backs; Bailey, Gartrell, Sharpies McVeigh, Price and Dan Davies, forwards. Referee. Mr. W. K. Hurst, Dewsbury ; touch judges, Messrs. T. Foulkes, St. Helene, and J. R. LAWLOO, Oldham.

Swinton won the toss, and had the advantage of a alight breeze, but Warrington almost at once set up an attack. Thomas, Johnston, and Araold led the way to the home line in dashing fashion, but a penalty against Brooks lost the advantage. S sinton could make little headway, and when Creevey broke through at a fast pace a score for Warrington seemed certain. Luckily for the bomesters, Griffiths charged the ball down near tie line, but the defence did not hold out long. Brooks got the ball away smartly, and pretty pissing by Creevey and Unsworth gave Viroodb3rn a chance which he took with both hands and raced over at the corner. Thomas failed at goal. On resuming, th 3 locals made. better show, but there wee no combination behind the pack. Parker made a Mut run, and threw to Valentine but the big centre was smothered before he could get up speed. Loose forward play harressed the W3r- rington defence and when Waywell hid a kick charged near the line, ha was very lucky to save. Tilley finally cleared with a huge punt, and Johnston following up well took the ball past GI iffiths to the home quarter. Here Warrington's combination told a tale again. Arnold threw out from the ruck and a repetition of the handling by the Lame backs saw Woocburn go o'er again a' a flue pace. Ih3 angle was again aide, and Thomas failed at goal. Swinton rallied and were grantod a penalty In a good position, and some of the deficit was wiped off when Griffiths success- fully negoti Ited the goal kick. This apparently was an unexpected reverse, for Warrington again got dangerous, mainly through sterling forward work and the understanding between Brookes and Creevey who got the left sing going, and Dickinson served Waywell at half way. The wing man twice threw forward in gathering, but be never let the ball down, and after a floe ran he scored at the corner, amid fruitless appeals from some of the home players. No. goal. A moment later, Waywell again raced clear after fine hack play, and on reaching Griffiths punted over the line Griffiths downed his man, however, and the referee ignored the incident, which certainly robbel Warrington of a fair try. Half- time : Warrington, 3 tries (9 points) ; Swinton, 1 goal (2 points). Swinton restarted the second half and made a b.tter show than at any time during the initial stage. Valentine and Jones made ineffectual attempts to cross, but the Warrington defence was very sound and Tilley reared his lines. Swinton were not allowed to remain at the Warrington end loaf., for Arnold, fielding the ball splendidly, raced along the touch and Swinton's defence was sorely taxed. There was a tendency to infuse too much vigour and on one occasion McVeigh was caulht in the act of kicking and promptly sent off the field. Play rattled at centre for a spell, until Arnold got the ball and roan ling. the home forwards gave Woodburn a fine pass on the night. The wing man raced away, and near the line threw to Cheaters who doehed over with a capital try, Woodburn failing at goal. Swinton now rushed the game to some purpose, Gartrell and Valentine forcing their way to the Warrington quarter where Parker took a poss and scored a grand try after a 30 yards run. Griffiths landed a goal, and lor a moment the locals pot up a fight. Warrington soon showed superiority however, and Creevey raced round the posta, only to be recalled for a forward pass from &agars. Then Brooks made aroaple of dashing runs,Waywell walking over the line, bathe referee was against the point once more. There was no holding the Warrington men, how- ever, and the halves again threading their way through the home backs, Dtcicenson took a pass close In and scored with ewe. Thomas concluded the scoring with a capital goal from long' range, the final reading : Warrington, one goal, 5 tries (17 points) ; Swinton, two goals, one try (reran points). LANCASHIRS SENIOR CUP. SECOND ROUND.

FINE GAME AT WIGAN. St. Helens furnishe a fine display at Central Perk where 11,300 parsons assembled, the receipts amounting to £235. The home men were aggressive during the greater portion of the first half, and they suuceeded in getting a aubetantial lead, Thomas scrsmbling over from a pack close in, Leytham landinf a g ial from a penalty kick, and Jenkins twice crossing in bustling fashion for Leytham to place a goal from the centre three-quarter's first try. Subsequently Manche; Cr gained • magnificent try for the visitors, who, however, were in arrears at the interval by 13 points to 3. In the remaining half St. Helens repeatedly attacked, and for some thirty minutes after the restart they forced Wigan to act largely on the defensive. From a break- away however, Thomas crossed and,Leytham followed salt. Then Flanagan got over for St. Helens, Molyneux gosling. Just on time Todd raced over for Wigen' who were exceedingly fortunate to achieve a victory by en many point.. Result :—Wigan 2 goals 6 tries (22 points), St. Helens 1 goal 2 tries (8 points).

===== 0002601_19111111_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES TOO GOOD FOR COVENTRY.

Played at Widnos, before -I,6ooi;p.e.—ta—to-i;".. After fifteen minutes' play a nicely combined movement ended in Taylor scoring for Jones to kick a goal. Widnes continued to have the beet of matters, and a dribbling movement resulted in O'Gara grounding. No goal followed. Widnes fell away somewhat after this, and mainly through weak tackling Dakin ran in a try. Fyfe failed at goal. Half•time :—Widnes 1 goal 2 tries (8 points), Coventry I ten (3 points). The second half was all in favour Of Wanes. As the result of a fine individual effort Laws scored a grand unimproved try. Than Parkinson lost possession in his own " 25," and Swinton picked up and scored. Taylor failed to improve. Another try was secured by Law., from which Jones placed a goal, and a few minutes Ist, the name player broke away and gave Swinton a clear run in. Jones improved. Result :—Widnes 2 goals G trine (22 points), Coventry 1 try (9 points).

===== 0002601_19111111_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON "A" V. SWINTON " A."—A good crowd welcomed the Swinton juniors to Wilderepool on Saturday, but they provided only weak opposition to the locale. Warrington kicked off and the Swinton full back fielded the ball, but his kick was charged by Gibbs, who gave Robinson a walk-over, for Critchley to kick the goal. The game had not long been restarted when Lloyd net his backs in motion and Povey scored a clever try. Critchley missed the goal. Warrington were twice penalised, and from one of the kicks Ravrley landed a goal, the 'core at the interval being eight points to two in Warrington's favour. In the second I portion the superiority of the home side was manifest and Clare scored two grand tries. Povey put on the finishing touch to a passing movement and a forward rush 7ielded a try. Grainger finished the scoring for , Warrington. Critchley converted two of the tries. Near the close Swinton broke away and the ball was I dribbled past Jordan, who promptly tackled the man, the referee awarding a try for obstruction. Final : Warrington, three goals seven tries (27 points; ; Swinton, one goal one try (five points).

===== 0002601_19111111_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE JUNIOR CUP.

SECOND ROM). !ISLANDS' RECREATION. V. DENTON'S GRE EN. . .

• There was a good crowd at Gorsey-lane, Warrington, On Saturday, and a Site exhibition was the result, the home side showing splendid form throughout. At the close the winners had recorded the large aggregate of , three goals seven tries (27 points) to Denton's Green ' nil.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
TO•DAV S TEAMS.

Mesera. Ryland' teem against Wardly to•day will be :—Follhaok, A Bramball ; threermarter back, J Griffiths, W Leal), A Horrocks, GI Morris; half-becks, o Floyd, J Gallop; forworde, Stretford, Braodwood, Maim, Broadhurst, Morrie, Booth.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

FRIENDLY MATCHES.

Sr. BARNARAS' JUNIORS V. WARRINGTON UNITED. Played at Lovely-lane on Saturday, a keen game ending in a draw of one goal each. Oxley acd Richards were the scorers. CROSS-LANE V. DOG AND DART. _ . _ . .

On the Cross-lane ground, the home teum winning by 7 goals to 5. The score. for the winner, were Barton, Shakeshaft, Hoult, Jack Cameron (2). Warren and B Watson.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
ALTRINCELANI DISTRICT.LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. RILSCLTS TO SATURDAY.

oo&1,.

P. W. t. D. F. A. P Lostock Gralam 9 ... 6 ... 2 ... 1 ... 42 ... 13 ...13 Latchford Lymm lltobberley Broadheat h Bowdon Vii Oughtringtonim'es 6 2 ... S ... 1 ... 12 ... 9 ... 5 Sale Albion Altrincbam Lads St. Vincent's Penketb Koutsford St Cross 2 0 ... 2 ... 0 .“ 6 ... 18 ... 0 Oughtrington Park 3 ... 0 ... 3 ... 0 ... 2... 9 ... 01 LATCHFORD V. LOSTOCK GRALAM.

The return match was played at Latchford, and aroused great interest. A capital and interesting game resulted in a win for Latchford by four goals to two (reversing the earlier result), the chief merit of this win being due to the improved display of the home forward line. Teams

Latchford: Foy ; .1 Newell and Williams • Denny isokson. Johnson mitb, W Sh.akcsbaft Trafford end Taylor. Lostock _Gralam Crors,.. Reeves and Thomas

Gandy and S Fish eni

LYMNI V. BROADHFATIT. These teams met at Lymm on Saturday sad a capital game resulted in victory for the home team with the more I.yrem 4. Broadheath

ALAINCRAM LADS V. KNCTSFORD ST. CROSS.

On Stamford Park, Altrincham. The Lads held the upper hand, eventually running out winners by nine goals to three. The scorers were Barnett (4), Laneasier (2), Elamll, Owen and Walker for the Lads, and Muter (2) and Dawson for St. Cross.

_OVGIITRINGTON AMATEURS V. PENKETM.

At ffeatley, a pleasantly•contesterl game, eni one in which the defences of each side were the mein features, ending in a victory for the Amateurs by four goals to ore.

SECOND DIVISION.

AVELLFIRLD UNITED V. 01:01ITRINGTON AM ATFURS.

Played at Lovely-lane: The ground was in rather bad condition owing to recent rains. WeHeald were 2 down at one time but equalized. In the few remaining minutes play was keen, but the visitors' defence held out a good same, coding ins draw of two goals each. Nom LEV v. PADOATE UNITED.

The two Warrington rivals met on the ground of the former. Ilowle3 proved by far the better c3mbination all through, and thoroughly deserved their victory by three goals to all.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKS BOWLING ASSOCIATION.

DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES.

A Record Year.

The Warrington Works Bowling Association brought a record season to a close on Saturday evening when the prizes gained in the annual handicap were distributed at a smoking concert held at the head- quarters, the Horse and Jockey Hotel. There was a large attendance of members and the gathering was characterised by that spirit of good fellowship which is always to the fore in the associat,on. Captain H.R. Croßfield (president), presided and was supported at the cross-table by the Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph), the Deputy Mayor (Alderman Forshaw), Mr. Harold Smith, P., Messrs. E. J. Hall,Peter Bate,R. Higham, J. Willett (chairman of the committee), W. Patrick (secretary) and J. A. Rushworth (treasurer). Tbe MAYOR proposed the health of " The President," who, he said, saes always at the forefront of every! movement which condoned to the god of tha corn- 1 enmity et large. Whether it was a smoking concert or some other gathering, he was always ready to help to the utmost of his genial manner' II befitted a member of so honourable a family as tbeCrosffelds. (Applause.) The Warrington Works Bowling Association, be con- tinued, was an instance of the good feeling that existed between the various industrial concerns in the town and their employes. During his term of office he had bad a 'striking illustration of the good effects of that feeling in connection with the railway strike. As long as that spirit prevailed, they need not fear that there would be any wrest disturbance in Warrington, even if they had strikes. They would always try to settle their differ- ences amicably ithout resorting to anything in the way of violence. (Applause). The toast was sccorel musical honours._

Captain CROSPIELD, in responding, endorsed every word the Mayor had said aa to the value of a game like bowl,: which brought them all together. When they met on the bowling green or at convivial gatherings they forgot all about such nasty things as soap, wire and leather—(laughter)—or eves about the Corparation —(laughter)—not that they did not have very merry times in the Town Council occasionally. (Laughter.) He wished to congratulate the Chairman (Mr. Willett) and their very bard-working secretary (Mr. Patrick) on the successful year they had just concluded. It was a reCo'd year. (Applause.) Fifty learns entered from 39 works-11 more than lA4 year—and in the handicap their were 483 entries-123 mnrg than last year. That was a tezord of waich they could well be proud. One feature about bowls was that people did not go off their heads when playing it. (Laughter.) When the devotee of golf got off his game, he went about looking as if he did not love anyone. (Laughter.) Then again some over-keen motorists—the motor Banda and road hogs—did not seem to get any pleasure unless they went out to kill somebody. (Laughter.) After playing bowls, everybody went away happy. Ile was always talking about Germany, and he was pleased to point out that we in England hada very solid advantage over the Germans in that we played bowls and they bad to be content with nine-pins. (Laughter.) Possibly In the future some of those present might like to go over to Germany and teach them how to play howls. What did they think of a committee of the Wilmington Works Bowling Association playing before the Kaiser? (Laughter.) Touching upon more serious questions with regard to Germany, CiptaUl Crosdeld said be had recently twee told by a British military attache( who spent considerable time in Germany that the Germans thought we English were moribund. In the near future, added his informant, we would either base to climb down or wake up. He (the speaker) hoped we would wake up. (Applause). In oonclusion Captain Crosfield said the Mayor's presence was only another instance of the way in which he was throwing himself int) the life of the town.

The NIA vort,thenidistribnted the prizes as follows : The winners of the first four were: 1, TlJackson (Messrs J Crosfield and Sons), cup, clock and bronzes; W Langley (Messrs Rylands Bros. Ltd.) ; 3, E Blackledge (Ryland. Bros.); 4, ft Stvory (Rylands Bros.). Over 100 orders on tradesmen sere distributed. Mr. HAROLD SMITH, M.P., in proposing the toast of "The patrons and vice-presidents," described Warring- ton as one of the most sporting towns in the most sporting county of England. (Applause), lie had always held that the working classiest cf Eng- land got all too little recreation and amuse- ment and it was therefore a magnificent thing that the united works of Warrington should form such an association as that. It conduced not only to the success of the great game to which they were devoted but to good fellowship and friendship. Warrington was full of warm hearte and the more often one warm heart met another, the better it would be for both of them and for Warrington. (Applause.) Having referred to the hippy way in which the citizens of Warrington fraternized, Mr. Smith said we did not know class wit. in Warrington. lie hoped we might never know it, but that any grievances under which the workingclaesee suffered would always be remedied without the preacO- ing of such a conflict. (Hear, beer.) He believed the men of Warrington, takinz them as a whole, had con- fidence in those who employed and bossed them, and that any differences that might crop up would be settled without having recourse to those violent and disistrous measures which, unfortunately, we bad omen throughout the country during the last few months. He believed that where they had the people of s town playing games and throwing themselves heart and soul into sport, they would also have a just community and one which was appreciative of all the best interests which it had to govern. The splendid epirit which prevailed amongst the people of Warrington was largely due to the fact that they were keen and enthusiastic sportsmen. ' (Applause). Mr. WILLErr supported the toast, lie said the association had had many ups and downs, but to-day it was one of the finest in the country. (Applause.) Tuey had attained that position by sheer hard work. (Applause). Mr. E. J. HALL proposed the health of the treasurer end secretary. He said it must be a 110UtC3 of satisfac- tion to the members that they had associated with them in those important offices, men who were so trustworthy and devoted to their interests. (Hoar, hear. is all departments of their lives, whether industrial, com- mercial, political or social, lidded Mr. Hall, the great signal to all of them was : Play the game and play it straight." (Applause). Mr. RealtWorast, in responding, said that during the whole of the season he had not had to complain of the conduct of a single member of the association. The

amount taken on the green was £lO more than for the' best previous season and the prises also &hewed an I increase of forty-three. (Applause). Mr. PA rttl, K paid. tribute to the ever-willing help of Captain Crostield than whom,he said, the association could not have a better president. Applause) They had almost reached the height of their ambition as an association. They had been plodding on for trventy-four Saturdays in succession and the members could there- fore wall imagine that the task of the committee Wall a somewhat arduous one. Alderman l'onsita xi-, in proposing "Suece-s to the ' Association," said the working man thoroughly deserved recreAtion on the boating green after a laborious week's employment in the works. its sugeested that next year the president,vicepresidents, and ofßaials should have a match, so that they could have the oppor- tunity of winning prizes. (Laughter.) The Germans did not know how to play bowls but they knew how to Iplay cannon balls—very much so. Lik e Captain Crosneld he (the speaker) did not dislike the Germans, hut be !liked the English better and he hoped Englishmen would ever rule the waves. (Applause). Ile trusted that the association would exist for ever, and he was sure it would continue to prospers. long as Captain Crostleld occupied the presidency. (Applause.) During the evening an enjoyabie musical programme was submitted. Mr. Willett slang "Mora" and "Mary" in his most pleasing style and Mr. Peter Bate gave stirring interpretations of" The Bandolero " and " the Veteran's song. " Mr. AV. Sutton greatly amused the company with his comic songs You can't blame me for that" and " Yip-r-eddy" and Mr. 3. Hilton also added to the humor.= element. Mr. 3, Foster RIM I the accompanist.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

INSURANCE BILL DISCUSSED.

The National Insurance scheme propounded by Mr. Lloyd George was under dismission at the weekly meeting of the Warringtnn Parliamentary Debating Society in Cairo-street Church parlour on Tuesday evening. The Home Eittcnrranv (Councillor J. Hawthorn) introduced the following resolution :—" That this House welcomes the introduction into the House of Commons of the National Insurance Bill by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, believing that this great scheme of national insurance against invalidity and unemployment will lift the dead weight off the lives of an immense multitude of men and women in Great Britain, and trusts that the measure will soon become the law of the land." He said there might be some little differences of opinion as to the details of the Chancellor's great scheme, but be thought there was general agreement upon the main proposola The Bill constituted an attempt to set up for the first time in the history of this country a national health organization. Ci wrnany had led the way in a meneore of that kind and Mr. Lloyd George had profited by it. " Seeing that our friends on the other aide" commented the Home Secre- tary "are so fond of holding up Germany fur one adrairation, Ido not think they will now seriously object if we follow Germany in such a good cause as national insnraoce." (Laughter and appleuee.) That the question was an urgent one would be generally admitted. On the authority of the President of the Local Government Board, we had it that 20, per . cent, of th 3 pauperism in this country was attributable to sickness. To that we most Mao add another considerable percentage for ulemploye meet. The Old Age Pensions Act had proved that although the Poor Law authorities had power to deal with sickness and destitution, there were large numbers of the poor who would rather stiff, depriva- tion than wear the badge of pauperism. All honour to them. (Applause.) Praiseworthy efforts had been made by the working classes to insure against the ...emblem of life. There were three contingencies against which they insured : Death, sickness and unemployment. The insurance against death was pretty general and it was oomputed,that somethin like 42,000,000 policies were in existence. It was therefore not necessary for the Government to deal with that branch of the question. But in regerd to insurance against sickness and uaemplooment, the ground was not no well covered. Something like 6,000,000 people made some provision through the friendly societies against sickness, including provision for medical aid, and the trade unions cove -ed shout 1,500,000 workmen who had insured against unemploy- ment. That was far from adequate to meet the case. (Hear, hear). The main relsoa why more could not insure spinet these two wolves which were continually at the doors of the people Wan lack of funds. The wages of the workers were not sufficient to enable them to insure against all three contingencies without some assistance. It was that assistance which the Govern- ment now intended to give. (Applause.) The H >me Secretary then outlined the proposals of the Bill, and said it was expected that the number of people who would come under the invalidity section would total 14,700,000. The benefits would be dispensed through approved friendly societies which would be under the sole control of the members. Those nineties which were eentralized,such for instance as the Hearts of Oak, must form local committees of management; otherwise they would not distribute the benefits. Societies which already had large funds at their disposal would be at liberty to give additional benefits to those allowed in the insurance scheme, and in that way a healthy rivalry would exist for the large numbers who would shortly seek admittance. The trade anions would also he allowed to dispense benefits, if approved and of I suffirient numerical strength. There would be a value- tion of the funds of the friendly societies and those whoload impulses would be at liberty to offer aldi- I timid benefits. Then came the important quistion of the men and women who might be rejected by the approved societies or those who would not join a friendly society. It was proposed that they should be called Pont Office contributors. No encouragement was given under the Bill to that class of contributor, the object being ter strengthen the friendly societies and work through them. The benefits derived by Post Office contributors would not be quite at good as those who joined the friendly societies. Reference having been made to the proposed establishment of sanatoria@ for consumptives and th 3 formation 0; health authoritin to the vari?us the Home mecretary said it war estimated that in the first year of tha insurance invalidity scheme, the contributions wonld amount to £21,000,000 from the three sources, workpeople, employers and the State. The lint year's experience and benefits would he only £7,000,000. but that sum would have risen to £20,000,000 in 1915-16. The unemployment section of the Bill was next dealt with. It would at first only apply to two groups of trades—engineering and building —but it wan a great experiment that was well worth trying. The Insurance Bill celled for great sacrifices to contribute towards the defence of the homes of the country against the formidable and devastating invasion of disease. But he believed the gain to the national health would he great. It would save untold misery to masses of our fellow countrymen and women. The present methods of insuring against sickness unemployment were sporadic in their character inadequete in their purpose, and unstable in their work- ing. The Bill would, at any rate, give the contributors security that the money could be paid. Lard Beaconsfield saw forty years ego that national health was the foundation of notional efficiency. It had been left to the Chancellor of the Exchequer to promulgete a scheme to safeguard It. Of what avail was it to tell an outdoor worker who might be lying on a bed of. sickness that he lived in the richest country in the world, or that on the Empire of which we were so proud the sun never net, when all the time he knew that his wife and little ones were suffering the pangs of hunger through his inability to work. He annealed to the members of that House to help to relieve the worker of the dread which daily blunted him of being overcome by poverty through sickness and unemploy- ment. It the Empire was to fulfil het mission, it was essential that she should be wane to the core. If there was seething discontent amongst the workers there was trouble at the very heart of the Empire and unless it was removed, there would be social chaos and it would fall as other Empires had fallen. He believed the scheme, if given a fair chance, would relieve untold misery in numberless homes. It was social reform of the first order. (Applause.) Mr. G. Toebror; (L, Abingdon) seconded the adop- tion of the Bill. _ _

_ Mr. HARTLEY (C.. Skipton) said the Bill wog very good in theory, but when they reduced it to practice it had many flow.. Although he had every sympathy with the measure and believed it would ba of great advantage in many cases there were other cases in which it would mean injustice and some large classes of workmen would be considerably worse off than they were at present. He referred particularly to clerks. shop assist- ants and domestic servants. Is most well regulated offices it was the custom to pay the salaries of , clerks during illness—often for an indefinite ' period.linder Mr. Lloyd-George'. Bill there was not any arrangement whereby any firma which agreed to pay their clerks a minimum of six weeke wages (hying sickness would be allowed a rebate of Id„ per week from their contribution to the fund, but three would too i tendency to confine the allowance to the minimum period. At the present time the clerk paid nothing but under the Bill he would have to pay 3.1„ par w sek and ran the risk of receiving lees. The same applied to shop assiatants,and domestic servants. The speaker conten dad that the amount of benefits to be paid compared unfavourably with those of certain societies with which he had been connected. Tne reeson was ME, as in most State-managed sflsirs, there would be a large army of officials to pay. The Bill would also mean the end of many •illsge sick and dividing clubs as the farm labourer could not afford to pay to two fonds. Mr. G. DAVEY SMITH L., Gainsborough) t Because he is not paid an adequate wage. Mr. HARTLEY said the farm labourer was generally a healthy man, and consequently would not draw much from the insurance scheme. Then there was the lower class of labourer who would give his employer a lively time when he awoke to the fact that the price of • quart of beer was to be stopped from his wages every week. The CHANCELLOR OF THE EV-HINT-ER (Mr. JATEHLO) : What an .wakening ! (Laughter). Mr. H RTLEY said there was also the difficulty of the casual labourer who worked for a dozen employers.

Who was going to pay the employers oaltrioution ? The Hoeig SECRETARY : They will not come under the compulsory scheme. Mr. kleDsmitto (C., Paisley) : He caa pay the employer's share as well as his own. Mr. HARTLEY said that class of worker did not generally earn mush, and the probability was that he would neglect to pay into the Not Therefore the people who needed the insurance most would not be able to avail themselvat of The people of Germany sate getting tired of their tout-ale tr;meme, sal if they had to draw it up again, they 'valid probtbly modify It ?rsiderably.

Captain H. G. Reiman ;Secretary for War) t They have to pay more for it. Mr. HARTLEY : They have not attempt3l to deal with unemployraent yet. The CHANCELLOR OF THE EV'IIEIOER : They haven't any in Germany. (Laughter). Mr. falkcif ea' (C, N. Fermanagh) said the Col33lllll- tives supported the principle of national insurance, bat they did not agree with the methods by womb it was being foisted upon the public. Ile characterized as " twaddle" the statements which were being male in the constituenciee that the Bill would give nine penny- worth of benefits for fourpenoe. It war playing on the ignorance of the people. (Laughter.) The Bill attempted to officialise secret societies and the members would not thank the Chanaellor for his setion. would lite to see a system of bonuses for the friendly !societies, according to their memberchip. Many work- men would have to cease insuring themselves and their familian against death in order to meet the demands of the Insurance Bill. Taey would probably work right up to the end of their days and would therefore derive no benefit from the scheme and their wives and children would suffer. A huge army of official. w mid be neces- sary to carry out the Bill. (A VOICE : Creating employment.) But they would have to produoe the revenue to pay for it. In order to deal effectively with unemployment, some synth co of tariff. W..11:I have to he devised. (Ministerial laughter). The CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCFINCER : What about your officials then? (Laughter). Resuming the debate, the CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHR/CER said the Conservatives always professed to be in aaraement with the prinaiples of Radical measures hut they invariably found fault with the details. Years ago they said they believed in old ane pensions, but they never went no far as to provide them and did nothing bat oritiaise the Bill carried by the Liberal Government. They welcomed an Iniuranse Bill, hot they did not want the Garman or the English one, and the usfortunote thing was that they would not say what they did want. (Laughter). By a recent alteration in the Bill,the worker who received Is. 6d. a lay or leas had not th contribute anything to the fund. No contributions were req liked of anyone during sick- ness, and he did not believe any friendly societies allowed benefits on those terms. It had also been arranged for the Post °Moe scheme to be reconsidered at the end of three yes-s. WAS regard to clerks and those who followed similar occupations he contended that it was only right that they should make some provision for themselves and the Bill would enable them te do bat a small cont, If they neglected that precaution, it was hardly fair to expect the employer should pay their wages when they were not able to do their work. In lathy cues the sick person had to be temporarily replaced by the emaloyrnsnt of someone else. If, as had been aliened, the benefit; under the 8.11 were not as good as could he obtained in existing societies, why did the Conservatives contend that the Bill was going to kill friendly societies ? Taey could not hove the a-gument bath ways. As to the fear of a large army of officials, there was a margin allowed by the Bill of ten per cent. for management expenses. That wig all that was set aside for officialdom and the friendly societies would participate in it. It would not he a very had thing if some dividing clubs were killed. The friendly secieties were dead againet them. If offioielism, in the form of an outside audit, had been introduced years ago some of the secret sooiaties would not be insolvent to-day. There were ti(1103 when officialism was absolutely necessary in order to ensnre soundness. He was inclined to think that in connection with some societies, there wan. tremendous amount of onnuessarily expensive regalia which a Government °Total would not care about. (Lughter.) Mr. R. DONE (C., Eldisbury), said the Conservatives stood in many ways for voluntary schemes of thrift and self-aid. The Liberals were eager to discourage • cono- pulsory movement when it was for the defence of the heartha and homes of the country agsinst the invader. Phey slid that one volunteer can worth 10 pressed men, and he maintained that one man, who, of his own free will, provided against sickness and unemployment was worth ten men who had to be compelled to make such provision. The groat complaint against the Bill was that it put the thrifty and the improvident on exactly the same level. ("No.") The Home Secretary said 90 per cent, of pauperism wan due to illness, but how much illness and poverty was attributable to unemploy- ment? If the Government had net out to provide work for the man whose health was being undermined by unemployment, it would have been far better. In the Insurance Bill they were patting the cart before the horse. There was no charity in the Bill. (Hear, hear.) The people got nothing free but had to pay through the nose for the banefi's The Bill would bring strong competition to bear against friendly societies as big insurance cernpani as were qualifying as approved societies and, with their great wealtle,they would ha able to offer superior advantages. Tee weakest would go to the wall. Tura would also be an inducement to employers who would not keep all their men working full time to discharge a certain proportion rather then have to pay for the insursnoe of men whom they conid not keen in full employment. Mr. KILDCP/ (N., Dublin Harbour) pointed ont that hitherto only a comparatively small proportion of the population bad made praymion against invalidity through the friendly societies. If. did not See how friendly society workers coati opals) a Bill which compelled the niggardly or thoughtless man to bear his share of a burden which he had previously shirked. It can the man who neglected to provide for the rainy day who was generally the first to ask for charity when misfortune came. W.th regard to unrest, one of the chief causes was that financier, sent their money to build worknahroad instead of insetting it here. they were alwaysseeking higher peroeuages of dividenf. The debate was adjourned until next Tuesday evening.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
DAIIAGE3 FOl LIBEL.

Damages of £l9O were awarded by the Undo r Sheriff of Cmshire sod a jury sitting at Chester Castle on Wednesday, to Mr. Joseph Banton, solicitor, Runcorn, who sued Miss Margaret Green, Kingsley, Cheshire, for Ebel, Defendant put in her shop window placards char:ling the plaintiff with misappropriation and other offence's in connection with 63 estste that be bad administered.

TOWN PLANNING.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servants, etc

===== 0002601_19111111_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
• WAN DM, good plain COOK, at once, age about I 28 or 30 years. One used to Institution preferred. —Apply LADY 81.7 PE RINTINDENT, HOlipitAl for Women, Shaw at., Liverpool. ANTED for 15th November, a good COOK- VVGENERAL; all duties; housemaid kept.— Apply Mn. CLARK, CfIDbUT7 Lodge, Park lane, near Wigan.

WANTED, Experienced Cooks, Cook-generals Housemaid-waitresses, experienced and young Honsemaide, Kitchenmaids, Generals.—Mrs. READS M Select Registry, Rusholme, anchester.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Wanted.

WANTED old postage stamps, used or unused, all cOuOtri•a; eash.-44. LONSD A LII RD, BuINK.

a INNI INNI (10 im!

PRINTI NO. —Work wonted by private firm ; estimates free.—Tsotias, 21, Park 0., Stovall. 1191 IT ented,Ladi es for private sale of Toilet Specialities V V goon inoome.—M., 8 Whitehall lisasionaLond.,N WANTED. IMPROVER ; cam and machine; most be 18 teen or OW:ff.—Apply " EXAMINER" OFFICE, WWWOIOOI3.

...rrtagt.

SMART Men muted u agents for popular priced Safety Razor; bee sample; particulars [damp.— Hawkismore at., Hanley, Staffs.

*MOLESKINS end attains wanted; best prices paid; .o.llcash by return; any qeantity reoeived.—Nnwasany & Co., 9, Gowen rd., London, E.C. Moms, Work for tither rex. Genuine; no canvassing. Stemped envelope for particular'. J. Hartland Agent, 83 Earlestown Menne, Glasgow. Mention paper

,1,-..i4,;,

GENTLEMAN, smart, with £2OO, wanted in every VParliamentary division ; salary £lOO par ann. and corn:Full parties. to A.1.5.,53.Nevr Broad at. 0,E.0 ciAST-OFF CLOTHING wanted, best prices given; p.o. sad parcels promptly attended to.—Mrs. MODEMS, 176, Moss lane, East, Moss Side Manchester. 1-100 DUNG WANTED, any quantitier, large or A..." small, good price given.—TßU WARRINGTON, GLAZED KID CO. LTD.. Long lane, Longford, near XIANTLES.—WANTED, for Bury, ALTERATION HAND; good wages; regular work.—Apply Scorn, Horsernarbet at., Werrinatun. WANTED.—Fowls, Ducks, Geese, Turkey.; small or large quantities; also eggs.— Send particulars to H. WELLS. 143 Balls Pond rd., London. OLD FALSE TEETH Bought; any condition; 4d. per tooth given on vulcanite, Sd. on silver, Is. 3d on gold, 29. 6d. on platinum. Immediate cash sent.— PEARSON, 119, Stock at., Cheetham, Manchester. AGENTS wanted tosell the Oiltuall Needle Threader L. good lino for Drapers, Ironmoagers, &a. Write for samples, 3 stamps, winch can be deducted from first order.—T. W. JOHNSON, Headless Cross, Radditch.

S_ afety ".—ZOTIL—The best ever sold at ss, Heavily plated, in leather case; no stropping, no honing required. Post trap—NlSl-ROSE SCPPLY Co., 190, Dartmouth it., West Bromwich.

ChLD Artificial Teeth, Dental Plates, Wanted, soy 000ditlon ; Old Oold, Silver bought, post parcel; cub to utmost value by returs.-IWohis & Co., 63 Kiogswood rd., Moseley, Birmingham. (Banker's Lloyds).

AGood Spare Time Agency.—Commiaion 25 ; no deduction; absolutely the highest paid; grand value to customers; Boots, Clothing, Drapery, Watches, Jewellery, ac. ; cash or credit ; applications invited from respectable working men in regular employment —Apply Mr. Remrrox, 215, Lavender Hill, London.

links, terms moderate.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING PRESENTS. Magnificent Selection. Duplicates may be exchanged.

Miscellaneous On sale, etc. FRIP.CZ:II7 6tIMP.-BA & CO.

- - - MOOTS 6d. pair.—lnveetigat e our interaating offer' .1.1 Partial ACME, 161, Radford Boulevard, Nottingham.

HOSIERY knitted and refooted.—Miss BENNETT, Automatic, 65, Myddleton Buildings, Upper at., Islington, N.

CLOGS.—Cumberiand Clogs for Men, Women and Children; list free.—JOHN STUDROLMip WigtOD, Cumberland.

dly i

, Laverpoo)

LAUNDRY GLAZING SECRET.—GIoss like Pores. lain. Recipe P.O. 7d. this week.—R.T., 57, Chaste! rd., Watford, Herts.

fl ANDSOME Fur Stoles,2 yards long, black or grey. beautifully lined, 23. 6d. carriage paid.—DEPT. F. 50/52 Fulham Palace rd., London.

CHOCOLATES by post.—Genuine bargain. High-class Assorted lib. bones. Fine 1/3 ; Superfine, 23. Satisfaction assured. No rubbisb.--14ARL's Tudromo C0.,1 Hereford rd., Winstead, N.E.

LADIES only.--We shall send to any lady a valuable Beauty Secret, Is. P. 0., money refunded if not absolutely estiafactory.—Pourstate TOIL= SI.E.CIALITE Co, 12, Bonverie Sq., Folkestone.

10P SAL NAVY giertolc, Government Quality.— A It pi a tbes.:lol, Na y, 44. and In Bid. yard CRANSTAR & SONS,

DRAPIrt-Y-WARVIOUSE, PORTSAIOCTII.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Medical.

WOCORN. King of Corn Corea. The original and 11 most effective, 4id & B,ld post free.—W. CARTER, 61 Darwin at., London.

Oeh ntleman, blind oe years, now unto read anything; remedy, safe and sure cure for oataraotawhite specks etc.; parties. free all eye suflerers.-LE.o vrT,Elm,Wiabech

COLD IN THE HEAD cared by scientific remedy, cQmmended by eminent London Specialist for Nose ond Throat. Complete success assured. 1/11, 2,9. A Dumnx, Chemist, Chester.

WHY be Bald? Vaughan' " Hairs rower" speedily produces luxuriant hair. Moat astonishing Tamils. Trial box 6d.—F. V AOUHAN, 30, Farrant Avenue, Wood Green, London N.

Piles positively Cured by ming Dr.Setterie's Cones; 1- no surgical treatment; a natural cure; hundreds of testimonials 'received.—Price 2s. 6d. a IDOI from the manufacturers, THE BRITISH PH ARM AC AL CO., Bashill

_ RHEU BdATISM, Sciatica, Lumbago, positively cured by " Curafortis " ; thousands testify immediate relief ; most marvellous remedy discovered ; bottles Is. Id. and 26. 9d. post free.—CunsFortrls Co., 110 John Bright et.. Birmingham.

Shoes, Businesses, etc.

S, PLENDiD opportunity to purchase the BUSINESS of a Provision Dealer and Confectioner showing £3 per week proOt..—Apply T. J. L. Tunsims. & Co, Estate Agents, Warrington.

DDAIRY BUSINESS for Sale: genuine ; 20 flows kept ; 550 gallops weekly ; good reasoes for leaving.—Apply ELLISON, Brook rd., Aintree, Liverpool.

Machini

===== 0002601_19111111_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
- - - --- Miscellaneous continued.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
To be Let.

HOUSE TO LET.—" Winona:: Whitefield rd.—A MOUNFIZLD, " Epaorth," Whiteftead rd, Stockton Heath.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Shares.

rIUNLIFFE, RUSSELL & CO., Bankers, Share V Dealers, 10, Place de la Bourse, Paris.-8d p.o or parties ; bankers' ref..; mash. 1688.

A GOOD Opening for groan Investors of ES and upwards, 10 per cent gnaranteed.—Wrlte for particulars to JOAN WARD, 31, Grattan rd., Bodford„ DEW:IIRM), CAPITAL of £15,000 at 31 per cent. is AL one or more amounts on an INDUSTRIAL UNDERTAKING in HELMSTEDT (Germany). Ample security by First Mortgage; estimated 'aloe £30,000 ; Proprietor in • good position; excellent REFERENCES; personally inspected sod strongly RECOMMENDED.— PRINCIPAL'S addrem, HOWARDS, 35, DERONDA IROAD, LONDON, S.E.

Imo 7:2 sAtAvedm bjcibußV:!syourttioscandmgmzele3Tact kgbo;dp, Trsders send for lid.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
SCOTT'S SPECIAL VALUE

Navy Vienna Coat and Skirt

HANDSOMELY TRIMMED.

SCOTT'S 8, Horsemarket-street, WARRINGTON.

(Next door to the Manchester

Clothing Depot)

00 er, , BEST \ \ hillil VALUE i I EVER V' I' I SEEN 0 i n . i ihiffigt. , i .....,----,--___ —_—_ _ ----

===== 0002601_19111111_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
We Have Everything You Need.

How pleasant it is to find a Chemists Shop which keeps:—

All the newest toilet preparations, scents, soaps, tooth powders, etc. All the latest drugs ; all the best and newest sickroom requisites, etc We pride ourselves on keeping a stock of everything.

Sponges, Toilet Soaps. Perfume Sprays, Scent Bottles Powder Puffs, Shampoo Powders, Fresh Drugs, etc.. etc.

Corner of SANKEY ST., and BRIDGE STREET. '126, BRIDGE STREET., WARRINGTON.

Furniture Carpets Decorations

.te-14a- - (iCHEMISL

===== 0002601_19111111_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Garnetts

EsteWished Manufacturers when George IV. was Kieg WARRINGTON and LIVERPOOL 122 Bold Street).

THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1911

The Balfour Must Go MR. BALFOUR party has had a swift GOES. and unexpected success.

Mr. BALFOUR has gone. He made his own announcement to this effect at a meeting of the City of London Con- servative Association on Wednesday. We cannot refrain from recalling the fact that, just before he was elected as member for the City of London, Mr. BALFOUR insisted on the necessity of his speedy return to the House of Commons. This was just after the great Conservative overthrow of 1906. The defeated leader thrown out of what was believed to be a perfectly safe seat at Manchester left no doubt about his own views of his political importance. He believed that his party would be lost without him, and we perceive no grounds for thinking that he was mistaken on that subject. He has, since hiR return by the City, maintained a remarkably steady, persistent, and often very brilliant fight against the Government. But all through the time he has had to contend with disloyal groups in his own party. The " B. M. G." movement is only the latest of similar uprisings against Mr. BALFOUR'S leadership. It is not for us to say that any one of them was without justifi- cation. But we are quite clear about one thing. All the movements arose out of a dissatisfaction which gave no thought to Mr. BALFoua's successor He may not have been the ideal leader of a party overtaken by disaster, but he was the only discoverable leader in the Conservative ranks. His resignation of the leadership places the Opposition in a situation which is so open to ridicule that generous opponents must be inclined to conceal their real feelings. When Mr. BALFOUR is got rid of, what remains? That is to say, now that the " 8.M.G." party has enforced on the Con- servative leader a line of conduct that he has obviously been unwilling to take, what will be the next step? There is a generally recognised rule in regard to an Opposition which turns out a Government. This is that the Opposition must itself be prepared to accept the onerous responsibilities of power. The rule applies to the leadership of parties. Should a leader be hustled out of his leader- ship—which is something that has not occurred within living memory—there must be, or at least there should be, some deter- mination as to his successor. It does not appear to us that the Tory party contains any successor to Mr. BALFOUR, except in the sense that Mr. W. H. SMITH was a successor, let us say to such a leader of the House of Commons as Mr DISRAELI. Mr. Slant was the most admirable stop-gap ever known. He said nothing. He did nothing. He presented an impregnable front. Under existing circumstances it is not possible to find on the Conservative benches a member of such high authority and noble powers of silence and resistance as Mr. W. H. SMITH. What is to be found there? In the House of Lords, of course, the MARQUIS OF LANSDOWNE. He has declared that he will stand or fall by Mr. BALFOUR, but we shall take the liberty of believing that Lord LartsoowNE's declaration has a limited interpretation. It will prove to

mean that he will stand by Mr. BALFOUR'S views, quite independently of Mr. BALFOUR'S action. He will not retire as Mr. BALFOUR has done, but come more absolutely to the front as the leader of the party. Then as to the House of Commons, there is a not very extensive choice for the leadership. The B. M. G." men are out of the reckoning. The choice of the party must lie between Mr. WALTER LONG, Mr. AUSTEN CHAMBERLAIN, and Mr. BONAR LAW. We need have no hesitation in saying that Mr. WALTER LONG will be the NV. H. Smith of the occasion. But will Mr. BALFOUR go after all? We think not. He is tired, and he is not very well. Physically he has never been strong, and if there is anything catcbing about the House of Commons he always catches it. He needs rest, no doubt. But we incline to believe that what tires him most,andiwbat he most abhors,is the attacks from his own party to which he has recently been exposed. It is from these that he wants rest. They cannot be described as pinpricks. They have been bludgeonings. He has now taken the only step consonant with honour and self-respect. But it would surprise us very much if Mr. BALFOUR were to cease to be the leader of the Conservative party. There will be h meeting of the party at large. The Halsbury Club men and the "B. M. G." men will be as far outnumbered as is reasonable in a Parlia- mentary party which is not great in numbers. Mr. BALFOUR will be offered as much time as he desires for recruiting his health, but the party leadership will be fixed on his brow as if it were a crown of wild olive. He will be led back to the leadership in floral garlands. The "B. M. G." party will disappear with a suddenness and a complete- ness that history will not have leisure to note.

At a later date we THE REV. JOHN shall have the oppor- YONGE. tunity of referring more adequately to the cessation of the Rev. John Yonge's minis- terial labours in the town. But we cannot let the announcement of his impending resig- nation from the pastorat of Wycliffe Con- gregational Church pass without saying how much we regret that the inexorable law of time has forced Mr. Yonge to contemplate a retirement into a less prominent sphere of activity. After half a century of ministerial labour, however, it is too much to expect that continuous sacrifice of bodily and mental energy in the highest of earthly vocations even from such a whole-hearted "labourer in the vineyard" as Mr. Yonge. He has played no inconsiderable part in the life of the town, and the Wycliffe pulpit, during his long occupancy of it, has always been a fountain from which has issued a clear stream of practical Christianity. We are sure that both Mr. and Mrs. Yonge will take with them into their ultimate retirement the warmest regard of a community so wide that its limits none can define.

Our congratulations are THE NEW FREEMAN. respectfully offered to Mr. Robert Pierpoint on the signal honour conferred upon him by the municipality on Thursday. In adding his name to the select list of the Honorary Free- men of the Bor augh,the Corporation have con- ferred honour where honour is due, and we hope made easier the impending severance of Mr. and Mrs. Pierpoint from the town with which their association has been so close and so dear. Mr. Pierpoint had to sit through a swelling chorus of eulogy—always a trial to a modest man—and in his response he touched quite the right note of dignity and personal appreciation of the honour conferred upon his family and forbears equally with himself. Later in the day, at the ,Mayoral banquet, he uttered a "last word of peculiar import and significance. Touching on the break in his representation of the Borough brought about by Mr. Crosfield's double success in 1906 and 1910, Mr. Pierpoint said he had " not lost one day or one working hour without a consuming desire to get back to his place. It may be, for who knows what is on the knees of the gods, that I shall get back there agaia. I hope that the time may come." This, if we may say so, is a curious and very possibly pregnant utterance by the ex-Conservative leader. It may ba that some other constituency would be glad to avail itself of Mr. Pierpoint's Parliamentary experience and willingness to serve, but we cannot help thinking that what he said had peculiar reference to Warrington,and the combination of strange circumstances which brought about the position of isolation which the speaker unwillingly occupies. While we cannot express the hop 3 that Warrington will ever again trust its Parlia- mentary representation to Mr. Pierpoint, or any other Conservative, we should be very gladi to see Mr. Pierpoint once more the chosen standard-bearer of his party. He was a worthy foe whether in victory or defeat, and one's happiest recollections of political warfare are associated with the time when Robert Pierpoint opposed the chosen nominee of Liberalism and Progress.

We are loth to pursue WHAT ABOUT our National Service THE BAND? League friends with any seeming relentless- ness, but instead of making the amende honorable to the Champion Band they have aggravated and repeated the offence for which we criticised them a fortnight ago. The current issue of the Leagues official journal" The Nation in Arms,' published this week, contains glowing accounts of the meeting in Parr Hall, and the over-flow meeting, and again there is the serious omission of all reference to the presence of the Champion Band. The League greedily claims all the credit for the great audience ' and intentionally misleads its own friends. Perpend : Warrington, October 18—Annual meeting. Over 2,400 present in packed hall. . . . The attendance was so enormous that an overflow meeting in the next largest hall was hastily arranged as follows. Warrington October 18—Overibw meeting : 700 present. . . . The result of this sweep- ing success has been to bring many " wobblers ' over to our side.

How envious the struggling officials of other branches of the League in similar towns must feel on reading the above in their official journal. They must think that Warrington has gone over to compulsory military training "lock, stock, and barrel" —and marvel thereat. They do not know, poor deluded ones, that the Champion Band of England, fresh from a Crystal Palace -triumph, was the great attraction. And they cannot possibly guess that at the " hastily arranged" overflow meeting there was displayed a placard (no doubt equally hastily printed) announcing that "the Champion Band will play." It would be a

[shock, no doubt, to the innocent readers of "The Nation in Arms' to learn that 90 per cent, of these 3,100 people who flocked to the National Service League meeting on this memorable occasion were present solely to hear the band which has been so curiously overlooked in the circulated reports, and showed marked impatience with the pro- ceedings until Bandmaster Smith came to the front and took up his baton ! We cannot compliment the National Service League on anything but the ingenuity of its methods of "bringing over" the " wobblers."

In the course of the

WHO PAYS? controversy started at the meeting of share- holders in Pears, Limited, Mr. Barratt, the chairman of the board, asserted roundly 1 that the American people paid every farthing of the £400,000 levied by the Custom House in America on his company's goods. On this he was challenged by Mr. Cooper, M.P., to say how, in that case, could the building of a factory in America be of any advantage to his firm. There is no want of completeness in the overwhelming reply from Mr. Barratt, which appeared in the Daily News." He writes: The wholesome price of a certain univer- sally known speciality of ours—which snail be entirely nameless(et ex uno disce omnes) 1 —is 69. sd. per dozen in England and 109. per dozen in America,the difference being duty, freight, and other expenses paid by the con- sumer ; the exact net amount brought back to us in England being again 6s. sd. Who paid the duty? Now, if we can make in America and put some of the duty now paid by Americans into our own pockets—should such duties 1 continue—l assume that Mr. Cooper will

consider us justified in doing so. Tne American consumer paid exactly thirty-seven pence—or over 44 per cent.— in excess of the Free Trade price. We hope that is clear eno-agh.

It sometimes happens MANHOOD that the boldest solu- SUFFRAGE. tion of a problem is really the easiest. Certainly that is the case in regard to the franchise problem. The plural vote is an absurdity which has long been crying out for treatment. The latchkey vote, which has been the sport of conflicting decisions in the Law Courts, called no less urgently for immediate treatment. But even when these flagrant anomalies had been removed, there would remain a complicated, ridiculous, and inequitable franchise system. The states- manlike course is obviously that which Mr. Asquith has decided to take, though its apparent boldness has made slow- minded observers gasp. The existing 'franchise system may be interesting to the antiquarian as a monument to the strength of privilege in this country in the past. But it has no justification in reason or practice. The plural vote has been condemned in principle by the Tories themselves, even while they shelter behind it. How can they defend the plural vote at elections when they pro- fess to desire a Referendum for which it will be eliminated on the most vital questions? The whole artificial distinctions bAween different categories of franchise may be cherished by the Tory Party as obstacles to a really democratic franchise, but there is no honest plea which can be put forward in their behalf, even from the Tory point of view, except that they are undemocratic; that they lend themselves to cunning manipulation by a Party which, in advocat- ing the Referendum, has pledged itself, nominally, to an absolutely democratic prin- ciple. Finally, manhood suffrage has been accepted by the self-governing colonies. The " first plank" in the Tory "constructive programme" is declared to be an arrange- ment which will draw the colonies nearer to Ourselves. It will be interesting to see how far the Tories can go in denouncing as revolutionary a suffrage which will bring US into closer sympathy with the political tendencies of the self-governing colonies.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
f_NOTES AND NO'll

We are asked to state that Mr. New has still a few copies of" Mayfair," containing the excellent coloured cartoon of Mr. Crosfield, on sale at the I:iberal Club.

Some of our esteemed paragraphists are occasionally guilty of the unconscious humour which raises the readiest smile. In a paragraph relating the doings of the Bold- street Wesleyan Band of Hope we are informed that one young lady recited "Shall I ever be a drunkard," and was followed by two charming damsels in the duet "There's somebody else that will." *

The railway union leaders, having failed lo bring about a round-table conference with the representatives of the railway companies on the subject of amending the Railway Commission's recommendation, decided on Saturday to take a ballot vote of the mern- hers of the unions on the question of accept- . .

ing the Report or striking for recognition. The ballot papers are returnable on December sth. • •

Speaking at a meeting on Saturday in Manchester of the Lancashire Division of the National Union of Conservative and Constitu- tional Associations, Lord Derby, who pre- sided, said it was time to state—and he hoped people would say—to the rebels that if they drove Mr. Balfour out they would drive 'many other men out of the party with him. In the light of subsequent events, his lordship's comment is significant. Does he, too, mean to leave the party? • e • -

The ward tea meetings and concerts for the members and friends of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association have already proved popular innovations, and the opening of the winter season on ruesday in St. Austin's Ward:was made:under the happiest auguries. Mr. and Mrs. Crosfield both made acceptable speeches, and Mr. New announced that the male Liberals were so consumed with jealousy, that they were pressing for similar opportunities of fraternising among themselves and iconcocting plots for the undoing of the :natural enemy. * * * _ _

- One of the most interesting articles in the November " Munsey " is that on "The Beecher Family." The moral character of John Wesley and that of Henry Ward Beecher were attacked by enemies on pre- cisely the same ground, but the integrity of both men is so fully established that the world has forgotton the assaults upon Wesley, and it will soon forget the bitter foes who assailed Beecher. The time was when he was perhaps the best-hated man in , the world, by reason of his attack on slavery and secession, but he lived to receive tumultuous welcome and applause in Rich- mond and Atlanta. When the War Secretary recommended that they should ask Beecher to lift the old flag back to its place on Fort Sumter, Lincoln said: " But for Beecher's speeches in England, there might have been no flag to raise!"

iladstone I

Towards the end of his life Mr. Glact*,- •plsepd the creation of the Post Office Saville; Bank third among the achievements of his life. The idea of the bank is one which has borne abundant fruit. At the celebration of the jubilee of its foundation the other night Mr. Lloyd George was able to say that the deposits at the end of the present year will be over £170,000,000. As a rule we are not a thrifty people, but the accumulation of a sum which amounts to £4 a head of the population is evidence at once of the popu- larity of this method of saving, and of a growing care for the morrow * * *

• Councillor Dr. Joseph has entered upon a second year as Mayor of Warrington with the fullest confidence and support of the whole of the townspeople. The members of the Council competed with each other on Thursday in their eagerness to express good-will and loyalty to His Worship, and Alderman Tinnion made an oblique, but appropriate reference to the "added responsibilities" which His Worship was about to undertake in the new year. We are not sure that the Alderman put what is a purely personal matter in the best light, though he had every intention of doing so, but we venture to offer our warmest con- gratulations and best wishes to the Mayor and to tin future now Mayoress of Warringtot. * *

To the list of distinguished people who have honoured Warrington with visits through the enterprise of the Philomathic Society must now be added Miss Ellen Terry. This greatest of actresses would seem to be endowed with perennial youth, and the large audience which she held enraptured by her Shakespearean recital found it hard to realize that Miss Terry has indeed celebrated her jubilee on the stage. A delightful feature of her studies of Shakes- peare's triumphant women was the happily worded commentaries, with present-day applications, which she contrived to intro- duce. In speaking of Portia she had something to say of the modern advocates of woman's rights who are inclined to regard the heroine's surrender to her lord, Bassanio as altogether too abject and servile. By clever and convincing reasoning Miss Terry put quite a different construction on the case and made a point of the fact that Portia resolved upon her great part in the trial without so much as a by your leave" to her husband. Another delightful touch was Miss Terry's conclusion that the scheme for Shylock's overthrow was ' so ingenious that only a woman could have I thought of it ! • • •

Doubt no longer exists that the year 1911 is going to put our trade figures at a height they have never before reached. In spite of the temporary checks of strikes and disputes the advance goes on amazingly. The October figures almost take the breath away. There is five and a quarter millions increase in British exports and two and three-quarter millions increase in imports. Over the ten months of the year exports have risen by £18,500,000, and imports by £5,000,000. These are the results after which the soul of the Tariff Reformer hankers, but they are pro- duced by our system of Free Trade. Four and three-quarter millions of the increase in exports in October is in manufactured goods, and only £BOO,OOO more of manufactured goods have come from abroad. Figures such as these speak of an amazing prosperity. The improvement in exports, however, must be due in considerable part to increased invest- ment abroad. If we did not believe (says the "Westminster Gazette),-that we should have to regard the disproportionate increase as an evil rather than a good. As it is the balance will be made more even as the interest upon these investments begins to flow homeward.

* The mass of routine business al ways associ- ated with the annual meeting of the Town Council was transacted with incredible rapidity on Thursday. Of late years long and tiresome discussions have waged round such apparently innocent proposals as the confirmation of Standing Orders and the appointment of committees. This time, however, all was different, the resolu- tions being passed with a clockwork precision which suggested that everything had been "cut and dried." In the past it has ' been the custom to appoint each committee separately but on the present occasion they were elected en bloc in less than five seconds. To most of the members, the procedure was a welcome innovation, in view of the fact that nearly an hour end a half had been monopolized by the election of Mayor and the presentation of the Freedom of the borough to Mr. Robert Pierpoint—two ceremonies which called forth all the oratorical resources of the Council.Councillor Pemberton, however, seemed exceeding wrathful at the sudden termination of the meeting. Apparently he had intended to raise some controversial point but had, for once, been caught napping in the speed at which the tail-end of the agenda was rushed through.

'4l LOCAL PARS.

" The Quaker Girl " at Liverpool. Next week Mr. George Edwardea' talented company will be seen in " The Quaker Girl " at the Royal Court Theatre, Liverpool. The artistes include Leonard Nfackav, Basil Foster, Louis Bradfield and Alice Pollard.

A Correction. By a regrettable printer's error our front page advertisement last week of Mr, F. Hallett, Jeweller and Silversmith, contained a mistake in the addrem We printed 10, Sankey-street instead of 10, BRID.:E-STREET. Mr. Hallett's handsome shop, and fine window display, are among the notable:features in the gradual develop- ment of the Market Gate circus. The Warrington P S.A. Society.

A very successful social under the auspices of this Society was held in the Co-operative Hall on Thursday evening. The prutramrue was arranged by the P.S.A. orchestra and included songs by Misses Fleming and Winstanley, also Mr. Pearce and Mr. Hannan. Selections were rendered by the band under the conductorship of Mr. J. Hannan. Miss Watts being the accompanist. The humorist was Mr. Sam Auklaud. Refreshments were served at the interval

ANTFIRACITN STOVIS, Ecoroonical, clam, cheerfol Price from 376.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, to 55, Bridge et. Warriogton.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Lecture by Rev. Prebendary Wakeford.

A lecture outland " Marriage and ll.vorce " wai delivered by the Rev. Prebendary Wake!. rd, vicar of St. Margaret's, Anfield, Liverpool, at St. Clement's Mission last evening, under the auspices of the War- rington Church Society.—The Lecturer said that while legislation affected morality he was not prepared to say that legislation could make a moral rule. It could contribute greatly to the morality and immoraLty of people. The State went towards dissolving marriage altogether by allowing divorce, and offered a suggestion that marriage WIL9 not a binding contract thus leading to the most calamitous results in social life. If such a state of affairs were allowed, it would mean a licence to the few, but a tyranny to the many. OSRAII " AND a TANTALUM " LAMPS.—Agont. J. 8. GARLAND, 51, to 55, Bridge at, Warrington.—Advt.

Royal Court Theatre. Next week Wither Mel vide's Company will present the new and original play "The Sins of Lyndon." Museum Committee's Lectures. Mr, Henry Cadnees will deliver a lecture on " Book pictures and pictum books," at the Masonic Hall, 80ld-street, this evening under the auspices of the Ogdea Trustees. Personal. Mr. J. F. Awbery, master of the Warrington Workhouse, has been in a critical condition during that past two days but last litht there was a slight improvement. Emmanuel Church.

The annual sale of wotk in connection with this church will be held in the Institute, Knots! rd-road, Co Wednesday, Thursday and Friday next.

Latchford Wesleyan- Church.

The Rev. C. W. POsnett (Medak, India) will preach the foreign missionary services at this church to-morrow (Sunday) and give a lantern inure on Monday evening.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Workingmen's Mission,

Large—audiences maembled at the Workingmen's Missita echtol on Thursday and Friday eveningo, and thoroughly enjoyed a performance of the operetta ''A merry party" in which the scholars acquitted them- selves with great credit. Lantern Lecture an " 111!.1

A very interesting and instructive lecture on India, illustrated by lantern slides, was given by the Rev. Diaries Leigh, S.J , of Trichinopoly, India, in Our Lady's school, Latchford, last evening. Songs were rendered at intervals by Messrs. J.Rabbitt and J. W. Bibby. Musical Society's Concert. The first subscription concert of the season in connection with the Musical S.,ciety will be held in the Parr Hall on Wednesday, November 22nd. The plan of reserved seats opens at Mr. It. H. Pearson's, Bridge-street, to subscribers to-day and to the general public on Wednesday next. Temperance Sunday.

In connvction with the Warrington Band of Hope Union, Temperance Sunday will be observed to-morrow. At a meeting at the Parr Hall at 8 o'clock in the evening the Rev. W. Cooper will preside, and an address will be given by the Rev. J. S. Chedburn. Cetce-my-Pal Society. The first meeting of this venture was held in St. John's Presbyterian Church, 15 members being present. Officers were elected as follows:—President, Mr Walter Twiss ; vice-presidents, Messrs W Russell , and F Gandy; secretary, Mr J Jarman ; assistant I secretary, Mr R Parry ; treasurer, Mr T I Gregson. The next meeting of the society will be held in Legh- street Primitive Methodist School, on Tuesday next at 8 o'clock. Anti-Socialist Lectures.

Although in Warrington people are not so much affected as other towns such as Liverpool and Man- chester, by the recent strikes or Sicialism, they are affected quite sufficiently to enable them t appre- chte to the full the course of three free , lectures promoted by the Anti-Socialiist Union. 'These lectures will be held in the Masonic Hall, St. Austin's Assembly Rooms, and if one may judge from the syllabus, they will be of a very high order, appeal- jog especially to business men and to those who are interested in economics and finance. The Lecturer Mr. C. A. Swanton, of London, has the happy knack of making even dry subjects very interesting, and to those who desire an intellectual treat, the lectures will more than repay the effort to be present.

Caledonian Association's Concert. 1 The Warrington Caledonian Association will hold a concert in the Co-operative Hall, Cairo-street, on Thursday evening next. The celebrated Manchester Scottish Choir have been booked for the occasion, along with Master Wilfred V. Perry, champion boy eoprano, and other talented artistes. This choir has a deservedly high reputation both in England and S .otland, and no-one who hears it will be dis- appointed. Those who have attended any of the previous concerts promoted by the Caledonian Association, and have recollections of the GlaTow Select Choir, Miss Jessie McLachlan, etc. do not need to be reminded of the high order of excellence which cbWracterise the Assrciation's musical functions. The entire pr ceeds of the c.incert will be given to the funds of local charities.

Severe Gale. Warrington and district felt the full force of the gale which swept the country on Sunday. The velocity of the wind at times was estimated at approaching 90 , miles an hour, the average being no less than 00 miles 'an b or. Warrington was, however, fortunate in escaping serious damage, although property suffered to some extent. The sign of the Saracen's Head Hotel was torn from Its posit:on and thrown ' into the adjoining shrubbery, while slates and tiles were to be aces flying about in some streets, several narrow escapes being witnessed. There was an exceptionally high tide in the Mersey and at the junction of Chester-road and Ricer-road the river overflowed its banks. The water in the old river, running parallel with Wilderepool-causeway, also reached such an unusual height that the spray dashed over tits footpath and the iron rails at the Stockton Heath end into the adjoining field.

Esperanto Social. On Wednesday evening a very successful gathering of EsperantiSte took place in the League of the Cross Hall, Bewsey-street, where the local club meets every Wednesday. Contingents of Esperantists came from Liverpool, Manchester, Chester, Stockport, Southport Leigh, Golborne, St. Helens, Widnes. During the evening two rousing choruses were sung " L'Eapero " (the -International Anthem) and" Al la Esperantistaro" (to the tune cf " Men of Harlech.") Miss Griffin of St Helens sang " 0 kuloj du "(Two Eyes of Grey] very tastefully, while Mr. Fred West of St. Helens was very happy in his rendering of the " Bandolero." Mr. James Caldwell's singing of "Thora " was much appreciated. The remainder of the evening was devoted to dancing and conversation in Esperanto by those who love to hear the musical cadences of the "Ram lingvo." Everyone commented on the splendid feeling of goodfellowship and sociability among strangers drawn together from so many aifferent centres but one and all imbued with the true spirit of Esperantiam.

Bold-street Wesleyan Band of Hope. On Wednesday evening a very interesting and enjoyable lantern lecture on" Wild nature won by kindness" was given in the Bold-street schoolroom by Mr. Et. E. O'Callaghan, of London. The Rev. H. Williamson pesided over a large grthering of young people, who thoroughly enjoyed seeing the beautiful pictures and listening to the interesting stories,which showed the marvellous results of kindness, on even the savage beasts. The lecturer urged the children to be kind not only to their friends and neighbours, but to all dumb animals and so help forward that happy time of peace spoken of by the Prophet Isaiah. Duriag the evening the Band of Hope children sang " Open the door for the children " with pleasing effect. A recitation was given by Maggie Hardy. " Shall I ever be a drunkard " ; Eva Alcock and Sophia Cross sang very nicely a duet entitled " There's somebody else that will." A spirited dialogue was rendered by Alice Nurse and others, "The Teetotal Dolls." Two songs were sweetly sung by Elsie Dawson and Cynthia Dawson, " The Children's Home "and " Annie Laurie." Miss Annie Lawton was the accompanist A very hearty vote of thanks was given to Mr. O'Callaghan and all who had taken part in the proceedings. Mr. David Cleges Visit. . .

Mr. David Clegg, one of the most popular organists of the day, pad another visit to Warrington on Saturday evening and gave a recital in Boldatreet Wesleyan Church. Mr. Clegg's reputation as a brilliant executant was sufficient to attract a large gathering and a well-varied programme was followed with great appreciation. As usual the selections were ' of a kind calculated to appeal to a general audience, and included orchestral and military band pieces, as well as the wonderfully vivid representation of The Storm." Mr. Clegg possesses a thorough mastery of the resources of" the king if instruments," and is able to produce a surprising wealth of tone colour and many unique effects. Bis technique is wonderfully good and, whatever may be eh, unlit of the unconventional methods be employs, his recitals are always a pleasure to listen to.—Warrinzton people will sympathise with Mr. Clegg in the misfortune which befel him during the gale on Sunday. The roof of the Fariholme Skating Rink, Bacup, was blawn in, and Mr. Cleg,g's newly invented great band organ. costing £2,000, which had been erected in the building, was destroyed. Mr. Clegg arm toning the organ, aid had a marvellous escape, masonry and debris smashing the instrument to atoms. Sacred performances were to have been given by Mr. Clegg on the organ, which represents one hundred performers.

Palace mid Hippodrome. Next week's programme is " starred " hy the well- known chorus Finge r , Florrie Ford, who has estab- lished herself a warm favourite on previous visits to the town. The bill also includes :—Otto and Olga,' in a comedy mu.ical act; Fred Ward, comedian; Les Fansettes, to their great terpsichorean act; Tom Jones. the whimsical Welshman; the Ronnie*, jugglers and equilibtiata; and Bert Castle, light comedian.

-VACUUM CLIANKR9 free tbe borne from dust. Price 2to 7 guineas. Try OEM on him—J. B. GARLAND, 51, to 55, Bridge at, Warrington.—Advt.

A Warrington Shakespeare Society. The ghost) society is b ing formed with the object of encouraging the study of Skakespeare in Warring- ton. The inaugural meeting is to be held ~t 8 p.m. on November 14th, and his Worship the Mayor has ! !granted the tt.3 of the Town Hall, and will preside at ! the meeting. Ordinary meetings will be held once a! month, and as a rule papers will be read and a dia- -1 motion take place on some play of Shakespeare,wbilst ! at the following meeting readings from the same play will be given by members of the society. It is hoped that this method will prove interesting to those who are already well acquainted with Shakespearian sub- jectsand will also encourage those who are beginning to be interested in his works. The Rev. Canon Morley Stevenson has consented tss be President of the Society.

FIRE GRATF:S. If you want a new grate Our large and varied !stock will interest you.—J. S. GARLAND, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt.

St. Peters Men's Class Social. A social evening was held under the anspicPs of the above class on Monday evening last, November 6th, in the schools in John street, when a large number of members and their friends assembled and spent a pleasant evening. A capital programme was gone through the artistes being Mr. Sam Aukland, who created much amusement with hid songs and sketches, Mr White who sang with great effect "Mary of Argylle" and' My Sweetheart when a boy," and Mrs Monks who was encored for her singing of " Hearts" and " Flight of Ages." An int-resting event took place daring the interval for refreshment@ when the Vicar (Bev. B. Percival), presented Mr. James Taylor with a silver mounted walking stick as a souvenir from the class on his retirement from the secretaryship after 16 years service. In a humorous speech the Vicar spoke very eulogistically of Mr. Taylor and said he hoped he would take that present as showing the good esteem in which he was held. Mr. Taylor suitably responded. Further singing and dancing was indulged in until 10.45 when, after a vote of thanks proposed by the Rev. ,l. H. Garnett to the workers and committee, a very pleasant evening was brought to a close. CUTLERY, Rodgers celebrated knives and forks, km —Agent, J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Freemasonry. • • • • - • - - • -

The annual-festival in connection with the Lodge of Friendship (No. 2963) was held at the Assembly Rooms at the Lion Hotel on Monday evening. There was a large attendance of brethren to witness the installation of Bro. Harr/ H Evans al worshipful master. The new W.M. invested his officers as follows :—Bro 11 Smith, SW.; Bro J E Warren, J.W. ; W Bro H V Pigot, P.M., P.Pr.G.C. chaplain; W Bro T J Lee, P.M.. P.Pr.G.D., treasurer; Bro J M Murray, secretary; Bro A G Guest, S.D.; Bro J Epson, J.D. ; W Bro W Greenhouse, P.M., D.C. ; Bro F Webster, organist • Bro C D Parkinson, 1G..; Bro F C G Stone, S.S. ; Bro S Wellhead, J.S. ; Bro J 1E Dirties, A.S. ; Bro W H Hodge, AS. ; Bro G S Rice, tyler ; W Sm II F Greenough, P.M., 1P.Pr.G.5.8., charity representative. A banquet was I subsequently provided when the usual loyal and I masotic toasts were submitted and duly honoured. A most enjoyable musical programme was gone through by several ladies sod some of the brethren, the accompanist being W Bro C W Bridaon, F.R.C.0., P.Pr.G.O. I.P.M. W Bro J Warburton was presented with a beautiful jewel in recognition of his services during the past year. The catering of W Bro John Lee gave entire satisfaction.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGNATION OF MR. BALFOUR.

DRAMATIC RETIREMENT FROM THE PARTY LEADERSHIP.

Who Will Succeed Him?

With dramatic and startling unexpectedness XI r. Balfour on Wednesday announced, at a meeting of the executive of the City Conservative Association, his resignation of the leadership of the party. The meeting had been cared only on the previous day, and most of thrse present had no suspicion of what was about to hapreni

In a dignified and in many respects pathetic speech Mr. Balfour announced his retirement on grounds of health and the increasing demands of Parliamentary life. I desire (he said to leave active life before I can be suspected of suffering from the most insidious of all diseases, the disease which comes upon those who, without losing their health or their intellect, nevertheless get somewhat petrified in the old course they have pursued, whose authority grows because they have been long in the public service, and who cannot deal with the r.ew problems which in this changing world are perpetually arising, with the freshness and elasticity which are desirable. lam vain enough to hope that I have not reached that period, but I should be miserable if I ran the margin too fine, and nothing, I think, would be more terrible to realise than that while Female were looking to you more than ever for leadership, owing to your lengthening experience you have not the keenness or the alertness— which most go with increasing years—adequately to meet the demands made upon you. I am confident that I could not, if the fortunes of our party were to, as I think they will, rise to their ancient height, I have not I am confident, . . .

the vigour again to conduct a Ministry. He would, added Mr. Balfour, continue to remain in Parliament. In conclusioa he appealed for loyalty to his successor. . . . .

The news was received by the bulk of the Con- ssrvative party with consternation, though the " 8.M.51." section are no doubt satisfied. Mr. Balfour was to have attended a dinner on Wednesday night at the Savoy Hotel to Mr. Hayes Fisher. M.P , given by the Municipal Reform party. The following statement, however, was read from bin The statement to my constitutents this after- noon provides. I hope, an adequate reason for my absenting myself from the banquet where I had hoped to pry a personal tribute to my old friend and colleague. Mr. Hayes Fisher. Circumstances, however, made it necessary to anticipate the date at which I bad originally designed to announce my registration of the leadership of tire party, or I would have given you timely notice of the fact that I was unal,le to be present with you to-night

7

I Curiosity will certainly be aroused as to what are the " circumstances " referred to.

The retiring lender, vrho is C,3 years old, and hae been 3i years in Parliament, had an audience of the King during the day at Buckingham Palace. A meeting of Conservative M.P.,'" will be held next week, when Mr. Walter Long or kfr."Austen Chamber- lain will probably be chosen to lead the party in the Commons. Lord Lansdowne will still lead the Lords.

• '4* , "

===== 0002601_19111111_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. A. H. CROSFIELD INTERVIEWED. GENEROUS TRIBUTE TO MR. BALFOUR. Forecast of His Successor.

What do you think about the news of Mr. Balfour's retirement from the leadership?" asked as " Examiner" representative who had a short chat with Hr. A. H. Crostield on Thursday evening with refer- ence to the latest startling developmeut in the political situation.

" Why, I suppose as a party man I ought to feel glad," teplied Crostield. " But I don't. I noticed • few weeks since that an old friend of mine criticised me in the "Examiner" for what I think he termed flattery of Mr. Balfour. Now, ever since I began to take an active part in polities I hare found myself utterly opposed, time after time, to Mr. Balfour's policy and fighting tooth and nail sgainbt it. But that has never blinded me to the qualities of tLe man himself. Mr. BalfonrLt intellectual eminence is, of course, well known through- out the country, but those who have sat with him in the House of Commons can best appreciate on the one hand his personal charm and on the other the superb courage with which he has fought his battle ma • position that seemed at times almost impossible " " You think the • Die Hartle ' have been trytug to force Mr. Balfour's hand ?"

" I have not a shadow of a doubt of it—indeed, we have bad plenty of public evidence of that tact. I believe Mr. Balfour has regarded it as part of his mission, while saving the Conservative party a split from end to end of it, tn save his party and the country from the grosser ..nd cruder Protectionist proposals of the ' Die Herds.' Mr. Balfour would, I have no doubt, be quite willing to see a large number of small duties placed on a large number of articles, although that would mean introducing to our public life the corruption that follows in the wake of Protection, for the sake of a revenue that would barely pay for the coot of collecting it. But in spite of the pressure put upon him by Mr. Chamberlain and his followers, Mr. Balfour has steadily refused to lend himself to the gross and preposterous fiscal clap-trap with which your full-blooded Protectionists are, day in and day out, seeking to gull the country. He has succeeded in keeping his end up and has fought his battle in the country and in the House with the greatest fortitude and skill." „ •

"You rate lus abilities as a debater very high?" "I have always regarded Mr. Balfour as head and shoulders above any other man in his party ; and I don't envy the task of anyone who tries to lead it with Mr. Balfour sitting beside him ia the House." 'Who, do you think, will be his successor?" "If you mesh in the leadership of the Conservative party, there can be no doubt, I think, that the forecast by common consent of the Press to-day will prove correct and that Lord Lansdowne will become the leader of the party. But if you refer to the Howe of Commons, I certainly expect to see that Mr. Welter Long will be elected. He is one of thoee men who is universally liked and respected in the House—every inch a gentleman and not deficient in debating power. But, of course, Mr. Walter Long has not the faintest pretension to the brilliant intelh-ct and experienced statesmanship of Mr. Balfour." "But what about the other men who have been talked about as possible leaders of the Tory Party ? " " Well " said Mr. Crosfield with a laugh, "You saw the hint given them by Mr. Walter Long when he was speaking in Lancashire the othir day and remarked that there were rather too many of these would-be leaders. Among a large section of the Conservative party, hicluding I may say the most influential section, the names of certain aspirants are received with nothing less than a shudder, and well I can imagine the dismay with which the great majority of Conservatives will contrast the would-be leaders -I refer to with a statesman of eminence and distinction like Mr. Balfour. I personally, having made his acquaintance years before I entered the House of Commons, shall always cherish as one of my pleasantest recollections of the House, the kiudnese with which he met one there when I entered it as one of his po,itical opponents and the many interesting and pleasant talks I had with him. But then, that is only characteristic of the courtesy with which Mr. Balfour has treated supporters and opponents alike in the House."

" One more questios, Mr. Crosfield. What do ycu think of the outlook f"

" Well,! cannot help feeling that, whatever the nominal change of leadership may be, it is to Mr. Balfour that members of the House of Commons and the country 'generally will continue to look, as the chief spokesman of Conservative opinion."

===== 0002601_19111111_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
MR SONAR LAW'S CHANCES OF LEADERSHIP.

Last evening the Exchange Telegraph Company issued the following: —There is roma to believe the Unionist leadership in the Commons has been offered to Mr. Boner Law.

Mr. A. Chamberlain intimated his willingnesi to serve under Mr. Law if he were elected. Central News says Mr. A. Chamberlain and Mr. Long will probably withdraw, and Mr. Sonar Llw will be unanimously elected leader.

FOOTBALL AND RELIGION.

AUSTRALIANS AT A ST. HELENS SERVICE.

A large attendance of football officials and supporters assembled on Sunday afternoon at the weekly meeting of the Weeleyso Men's Brotherhood, St. Helens, when Mr. Arthur Bridgett, of the Sunderland team gave an address. Dr. Mimeo presided at the ctitset, owing to the late crrival of Mr. C. IL Ford, manager of the Australian ltugby team, whose journey from Southport was delayed by a motor mishap. Among those also present were Messrs Wilfrid Ellison (St Helens Ram), A Rudd, J F May, and H S Turin (St Helens Rugby), H L Kimmins, the Rev Barron Renton and later blesses Ford, J H Houghton (seorstary of the Northern Rugby League), and members of the Australian team. Mr. Travis sang two solos. Dr. Wilson said erme people unfortunately did not care for football, but that was simply because they did tilt mix with football people or go to see it played. If more members of the various churches j9ined in the pursuit, and patronised the matches, they would be bound to exert an Hfloence which could only be for the betterment of a game. Mr. Bridgett gave an interesting address, advising footballers and everyone else to play ths game on the only sound basis of honesty, fairness and religion. Mr. C. H. Ford, who /WIWI late, expressed his admiration for the gathering. In Australis, he said, Sunday was the day on which the people went is for pleasure. That was the lirst footballers' service he had ever heard of, and, though the colonials regarded themselves as more go ahead than the mother country, he thought they would do well to copy England in that. In Australia they hal a Church Lnion, in con- nection with which all sor:s of competitions were ran all the year round, and they had in that way got one of the strongest competitions of any be had beard. Perhaps in that respect the mother country might copy them. !Applause). When he got beck to Australia, be would be able to tell his friends of what they had dose (bat afternoon, and see if they could do something to follow their example.

ST. HELENS AND C.M.S. £760 CONTRIBUTED.

Tho yearly public meeting of the St. Helens auxiliary of the Church Missionary Society woe held on Monday night at the Town Hall. The am. Albeet Maar of St. ffeleos, presited, being supported by a large comber of local clergy and several mimionanes. The yearly statement was promoted by Mr. Hugh Gamble (hon. treasurer). The auxiliary, he mid, had soot up considerably more than the previous year, but that was not owing to the amount collected by the different parishes, but to the sum produced by the children's sale of work. The amount rained by the parish church and its minims* was £403, against £23 last year. They had a special collection for the building fund of Mango Cathedral, Uganda, which raised £lO. The young people's missionary sale of work produced LIZ.. and they sent op a total of £761, against £661 last year. That mos an increase of about £7O; but, said Mr. Gamble, if the work was to be kept up, they must have more subscriptions, for the society last year had a deficit of £36,000, notwithstanding the strictest eC0110113).

===== 0002601_19111111_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
'e-SOC/A.

the teachers should be reformed. Thee shorld be classes, at least two in every parish, for the teachers to attend where they would be able to study the nature of the child, and these classes safer as possible should be made compulsory. Sunday schools should not be pl ices to teach merely the creed but places were practical lessons were taught. The RECTOR thanked the Vicar et the parish for extending his invitation to the teachers of the town and Mr. Backee for his lecture.

Canon Stevenson on Sunday School Work. Canon Morley Stevenson, of Warrington, in the course of a lecture on Sundiy school work at St. Paul's Parochial Hall, Widnes, said that order was heaven's first law, and if there was a place in which good order should be found it was a Sunday school. Yet it was common to find good order not maintained. All teachers were not born to command, but all, by thought, I tact and care could succeed in miintaining the interest and attention of the children. The qualifications of an ideal teacher were simply those of an idsal person. All the teacher said or did should be as near perfect as was possible, for he Wino the example ever before the child. An effort was boing made in some Sunday schools by means of models and illustrations to hold more securely the attention of the children. Ile thought money used in this way was more advantageous than it spent on prises. Teachers should train themselves in narrating stories and repre- senting characters as life-like and as bright as possible "A teacher must blaze himself in order to make his children burn," someone had said, and he believed that the spark most be In the teacher before the children would catch fire.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Hill Cliffs Baptist Church.

Recognltloo of the Rey. G. Curtis.

The Rev George Curtis, who recently took up the pastorship of the Hill Cliffs Baptist Church, was , welcomed at a special recognition services held on ' Thursday last. In the afternoon a sermon was preached by the Rev. W. Owen who took his test from I Matthew xvii., 19, " When the devil cometh we must cast him out." He said that the diniples of old and the evil spirit were typical of the present day Christians and am. He referred to the failure of the disciples in the casting out of the evil spirit and said that the Christians were a reflection of the failure in their endeavour to cast out sin, lie emphasised the faiit that work and worship which always went together, should be com- bined, as that was the way to the winning of souls. At the service in the evening there was a very large I congregation. The chair was occupied by Mr. W. IH. Bradfor,'. (in the absence of Dr. Hitcbena. of Heywood), who WU supported by the pastor (the Rev. Geo. Curtis), Revs. W. Owen, Silas Rixon, W. S. Llewellyn, D. 0. Davie., 11. Ogde3 and .I. S. Chedburn. Mr. Moss, the secretary, read a number of letters of apology for non-attendance. He said that they believed they had in their new pastor a man after their own heart. He hoped their church would witness a groat revival and that through his work lustre would be added to its fine historical record. (Applause). The CHAIRMAN blid this yen had witnessed some of the most stirring events that had ever happened in the country—the Coronation, the railway strike, which had been such a detriment to the trade of the country, the exceedingly hot and dry summer which would be remembered for a considerable time by the farmera, and lastly the event of the previous day, the resignation of Mr. Balfour. There had also been three other great events that had happened during the past few months, in the Warrington district, namely the settlement of three of their ministers. Those ware events that the

THE REV. G. CI

oldest amongst them had never known before and probably would never know again. He felt sure that those settlements were for the good and success end the welfare of those three churches. He extended to Mr. and Mrs Curtis a hearty welcome to their nes sphere. (Applause). The Rev. W. S. Lewellyn said that he bed known Mr. Curtis very intimately during the time be had ' resided in Heywood, a period of about six years. He fully believtd that he was a man full of faith and the Holy Ghost—the description of a man Hart was generally wanted in all their churches No man was perfect and they could nat expect that of him. He con- gratulated them upon their choice of minister as he woe sure that in Mr. Curtis would be found the man she we; required and he believed his work would be appreciated. Theirchurch held great traditions, having existed for about five hundred years, and he was sure that it won a most honourable position to occupy the office of pastor of a church that had outlived so many difficulties end trials. It was said that the minister was to some extent the product of the church but he thought that if there was arty truth in that statement there WEIS equilly as 113112 h truth in the opposite, that the church was to some extent the reflection of the minister. It was for the minister to create in his church an atmosphere of prayerfulness that would be bound to react upon the church and congregation. A minister should also be possessed of a missionary spirit one who would be found firm and strong in the faith of the gospel. He hoped that church would cast forth its ray of light upon the surrounding district so that the people wolld feel its influene. Although they were now perhaps passing through bad times be believed and trusted that there was before thern a period of pros- perity and that their church would soon be filled with earnest and sincere worshippers. (Applause). The Rev Silas !listen on behalf of the churches of Heywood wished Mr. Curtis God speed. The Rev D 0 Davies said that everywhere there was a vast number of people for whom the churches did not seem to have any call. Value however, was to be judged by the scarcity andlis saints were very scarce the value of snintship in these daya scan so much greater The attitude of the world towards religion was , antagonistic and the attitude of tbe church towards the world was to condemn its life, conduct, Cos and pleasures. Therefore he was not at all surprised that the churches were not filled.

The Revs W Owen, H Ogden and J S.:Cbedhurn also addressed the meeting... . .

The Pastor who took his text from 1 Corinthians ix., 22 and 23, said that without holiness no man could enter into the presence of God. It was therefore of the utmost importance that evangelism should be preached. The hand of the helper saould meet the helpless, the spiritual flexibility of the Christian being " to the week I have become weak." The genuine helper most have a definite aim and never look for failure. They should be active in God's service, that very activity moulding their own spirituel life besides being a blessing to them. He hoped they would he a progressive church, going forward with an onward rush in the world and not of the avorld,knowing that they had a mission to perform, the mission of evangelising the district for Christ. Whenever he had visited that church he had alwa;s felt et h^me, as if there Wes a sympathy between the pew cud the pnlpit. He hoped that they would be enabled to go forward and do a mighty work in His service. Ile asked for and looked to them for their co-operation no that they could all labour together in God's name. . .

The Mum gave Co effective renderiog of the anthems " Behold how good and joyful to dwell together in

141111111t1 / • . _

===== 0002601_19111111_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Provost ScotcA Oats

are prepared for your table free of all waste and husk. They come to you partly cooked —follow the directions on the packet and you will have the best porridge that can be made.

unity "and "The Lord is in His holy Temple," the solo parts being well taken by Messrs. Morris and 0 Moss. Miss Grounds at the

, presided .ue organ. Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. There was a good attendance on Sunday, the meeting being presided over by Mr. Henry Osborne, who spoke upon the love of man to MO, and the greater love of Christ to all men, even his greatest enemlex—Mr. Joseph Oxen gave the address upon "Ambition." There was an ambition that worked eril both to self and others, but there was an ambition that was helpful. Mr. S. Joynaon read the lesson and the Secretary led the prayer.—The Secretary asked the brethren for further help in carrying on the work. "There was a good feeling in the meeting, and a sign of willingness to push on the work of the Society even more succ-ssfully than ever. One new- member received • hearty welcome.

St. John's Presbyterian Guild. The above society met on Monday evening when an address was given by Mr. W. J. I-logien& on" The work of the Guild of Help." In a most interesting manner the history and objects of this great social movement were outlined. Stress was laid on the harm done by well intentioned people through the giving of indiscrimpsate charity and the grest need sheen for an organised system of enquiry and reference to weed oat undeserving cases, prevent overlapping and to render • helping band and provides personal friend for these in real poverty and distress. St. John's Presbyterian Church. On Sunday week the Rev. W. Reid delivered the first of a series of addresses on " Immortglity " which are to follow each othar at intervals of about a month. This line was followed on Sunday evenings last winter, when the Creation, taken as a topic, was munh appre- ciated. Last Sunday, despite the storm, the usual congregations gathered, Mr. Reid taking BS a text in the evening the words " Awake 0 north wind ! and come thou south, and blow upon my garden." The place played by the garden in human history its nature and object, together with the object end results of letting loose on it the ravaging and destroying winds, were each pointed out by the preacher. Oa Monday evening the members or St. John's Guild were addressed hy Mr W J Rowland on the work of the Citizens' Guild of Help. An interchange of experience was afterwards effected and several ques- tions were asked and responded to by the lecturer, whose address was much appreciated.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
blomminlor

BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LENT FROM £lO TO £l,OOO.

A Gentleman having a considerable amount of spare Capital is prepared to make Immediate Advances to Ladies, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Farmers, Shopkeepers, and any Respectable Householders at a moderate rate of interest on Note of Hand alone. Business can be completed entirely by post if desired. GENUINE TRADE BILLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGHT- FORWARD DEALING AND STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, stating full particulars and requirements to J. GRlFFlN,Nfinories Chambers,Minories.Birmingham. N.B.—Don't pay Fees or Travelling Expenses, and don't gives Bill of Sale before applying to me.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTHRACITE STOVES.

These Stoves burn all day without attention and are invaluable for Private or Public Rooms.

THE BEST AND !HOST ARTISTIC STOVES, on Show at

===== 0002601_19111111_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
pENDLEBuRy,s HOUSE FURNISHERS

Near CENTRAL STATION.

TEL. 43.

Write for descriptive Booklet. Anthracite washed Nuts kept in stock

===== 0002601_19111111_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
41" 111.4 e. Iwo • - ' •

THE RE Vi JOHN YONGE.

Impending Resignation after 50 Years in the Ministry.

A momentous announcement, and one which fell on sympathettc ears, was made by the Rev. John Yonge (pastor), to the congregation at the evening service in Wycliffe Congregational Church, on Sunday. Mr. Yonge, in the course of a gracefully worded and impressive statement, informed the congregation that that teas the 35th anniversary of his settlement among them as pastor, and he thought the time was at hand when a younger man should be appointed to succeed him. Hs would next year complete 50 years' eervice in the ministry. That was a privilege which was not vouchsafed to many ministers, and, if spared until then, it would be his desire to be relieved of his duties as pastor of that church. Naturally there were expressions of deep regret at the approJching severance of such a long and notable connection with the church, but file hope was expressed that the evening of the days of both the reverend gentleman and Mis. Yonge would b 3 full or light and peace. The Rev. J ho Yonge is a veteran Congregationaliat. In 1866 he settled at Heywood, and his ministry, a successful one, extended over a period of ten years. On the sth November, 1876, he succeeded the late Rev. George Sale Heaney no pastor of the Wycliffe Church in Bewsey-street. He was quite a stranger to the town, but kince that time he hart, by his ability, consistency and great devotion to duty, won the love and respect of the people generally. He was educated at Cheshunt College. For many years he has acted as secretary to the Liverpool district of the Lancashire Congregational Union, and an evidence of the great appreciation in which he is held by his brethren in the ministry is afforded by the honour conferred upon him in 1890, when he was elected to the presidency of the County Union. He has alto been president of the Congregational Boards of Manchester and Liverpool. His son, Mr. J. A. Yonge is headmaster of Silcoates School, Wakefield. The Rev. John Yonge has thrown himself heart and sold into every good movement inaugurated in We rrington—social, educational and religious. He has for many years been a conspicuous member of the Temperance Union and an active member of the Infirmary Board of Management. He is a very successful preacher and most of the burning questions if the day have been fearlessly, exhaustively and ably treated by him from the pulpit. The probabilities are that the reverend gentleman will terminate his pastorate at Wycliffe abut Midsummer.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Parish Church Sale of Work.

The three-days' sale of work in connection with the Parish Church, was brought to a close on Saturday. The opening ceremony woo performed by the Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph), who was accompanied by the Mayoress (Miss Joseph). There was a large attendance, the Rector, the Rev. Canon Willis presiding. The RECTOR announced that the proceeds for the previoua day amounted to £lO4 18a. 84. than bring- lug the total for the two days to .C 205. (Applause). The objects of the sale were threefold. The flrst was the , Sunday school. He could never feel too grateful to I the education authorities for all they had done to improve the appeararce of the school. When they I looked around they could see a vast difference, and how ! much more attractive it was as compared with a few I years ago. From soother point of view however, he I did not feel satisfied. He felt thankful for the religious instiuction in the elementary schools but he was greatly distressed to think that there was no such teaching in the Secondary school. As the education authority had granted the principle of religious , instruction in the elementary schools he could not see I why they should not have gone a stop farther and have granted it to the Secondary school. In the meantime he hoped that the parents would realise the importance of their duty in this matter. Thee should do all in their power to elect men on the Council who had the matter at heart and would do their utmost for its furtherance. Another duty of the parent was to take advantage of the classes fort e teaching of religious instruction out of school he .irs, by seeing that their I children attended. The second object of the sale was to assist the nick and poor fund. 'they gave about £lOO a year to the fund but he thought that was insufficient and he hoped that sale would enable them to give a much larger contribution. Then came the Church Lads' Brigade, as the third object of the sale. That institu- tion was a most important one, and they had good reason to be thankful for the services of the boys on several occasions. The Rector warmly congratulated the Mayor upon his decision to take office for a second ye•r. The MAYOR in declaring the sale open, said the objects of the sale of work should commend themselves to everyone. The religious, nodal, moral and last but not least the sanitary progress cf the people were of paramount importance and it was our duty to encourage that progress. The power and success of an empire or country was not to be judged by the wealth or the wealthy people it contained but by the number of hrppy and contented people it possessed. He thought Warrington would compare favourably with any town in that respect, and he had often heard that feeling expressed in different parts of the country. Ile thought the objects for which that sale was being held were all excellent objects and well worthy of the best efforts of them all to ensure success. (Applause.) The MAYORESS also expressed a hope that their efforts would be crowned with succeas. Councillor J. T. LOCKER, in proposing a vote of thanks to the Mayor, said that he could claim hiore accoaintance with the Mayor since he had held that positinn, and during that time he was sure he was voicing the thoughts of all Warringtonians when he said that the Mayor was one of the best friends that the town had ever possessed. Ile also thanked the Mayoress for her presence. Mr. G. Bnownc, in seconding, said that be could only echo the words of Councillor Locker as to their delight at the Mayor and Mayoress' presence. He (the speaker) sometimes wondered how they found time to attend so many events in such a large county borough. The MAYOR briefly responded. The total receipts for the whole sale amounted to £287 Bs. 7d.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Lectures to Sunday School Teachers Faults of the Sunday Schools. . .

The first of a series of lectures to Sunday school teachers was given in St. Pouts school on Tuesday even- ing, when the Rev. J. H. Bankes spoke of " The need of reform in our Sunday schools." Among the clergy present were the Rector (Rev. Canon Willis). Revs. W. Bracecamp, E. E. Peters, and the Rev. J M. Buckroaster. The Rev. J. H. BANKES said Sunday schools were very much behind the times—fifty or sixty years behind the ordinary day school. Dealing with the faults of the system be said some teachers went to school totally unprepared and they resorted to the terribla practice of preaching the Bible verse by verse in the class. Again, the majority of the teachers knew very little about the child ; how could they teach them if they did not understand child nature? (Hear, hear.) The classes in the schools were too large and the number of teachers inadequate. This state of things most be swept away ; the scholar and not the Bible should be the main object. (Applause.) A teacher , could not be judged by what his scholars knew but by their character. So to reform the schools, first of al

===== 0002601_19111111_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MAYORAL BANQUET. MR. ROBERT PIERPOINT AND PARLIAMENTARY LIFE. Hopes to Return to the House of

Commons.

ills Worship the Mayor, Councillor Dr. Joseph, gave a banquet at the Town Hall on Thurr-day evening to the members of the Catncil, magistrates, town official's, and some intimate friends. On his right was Mr. Robert Pierpoint, the newly-admitted Free- man of the Il.rrough, and on his left Councillor F. Neil, the Mayor of Widnes. There were also present : —Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart, C.V.0., Mr A H Crosfield, Aldermen Forshaw, Bolton, Piero Ant, Smethurst, Bennett, Tinnion, John Evans, James Evans, Burton, Councillors Robexts, Births, Jenkins, Craik, Sankey, Rogers, Bellian, Wilkinson, Holmes, Locker, Hawthorn, Steel, Toole, Dr. McKee, Archer, Pemberton, Dickenson, Chantler, Lashford, Halliwell, Wilson, Ashcroft, Skelland, Cunnington, Henshall. Revs E C E Carleton (Mayor's chaplain), Horace Gray and Father Whittle, Lieut-Colonel Fairclongh, Dr E I Fox, Dr R Smith, Dr H Joseph, Dr Haden, Messrs John Fairclough, J Rymer Young, R T Fairclough, A J Jolley, 0 Pilling, T Locker, W Richardson, E Woods, J Richardson, 4 W Hayward, H Thornton, W T Williams, W Roberts, W C S Burgess, S Wright, G D Southerdeo, J Taylor, H Gandy, A Nield, J H Joseph, H Meld, E J Sutton, R A Joseph, 8 Richardson, G W N Joseph, II Taylor, II S Oppenheim (town clerk of Widnes), II Jevons (town clerk of Wigan), J Lyon Whittle (town clerk), A Hallaway, (deputy town clerk), T H Spioks (assistant town clerk), G F F White (magistrates' clerk), E A White (deputy magistrates' clerk), J Fai•hurst (borough treasurer), W H Woodcock (borough collector). Dr J Coote Hibbert (medical officer of health), Dr C W Hutt (assistant medical officer), W S Howard (cashier of gas department), E Place (markets inspector), C Madeley (curator and librarian), T Longdin (borough surveyor), A 11 Ker (assistant surveyor), W S Haddock (gas engineer), M Nicholls (chief constable), J Moore Murray (director of education), J Gray (water engineer), J Telfer (tramways toanager), J kleNicholl (assistant gas engineer). Excellent arrangements had been made by the Town Clerk and his staff and the catering of the Winowleigh Cafe Co. gave entire satisfaction. During dinner, Mr. T„Taylor's band played choice-selecti.ona..

El; WORSHIP 'TNII MAYOR: in suitable terms. pro- posed the hea!th of the King, and that of the Queen, the Prince of Wales, and other members of the Royal Family. Mr JOHN FAIRCLOUGH gave "The Bish(ps, clergy, and all ministers of religion. The Revs. E. C. E. CARLETON and Faber WHITTLE responded. Father Whittle put in a plea for greater unity in religious matters. As they met together socially, why should they not in religion? he asked. But whatever they thought about religion there was one thing they must all agree upon, and that was charity. (Hear, hear). Alderman FORSHIW proposed "Our neighbouring Boroughs," coupling with it the ort-nes of the Mayor of Widnes, and Mr. Jeanne, Town Clerk of Wigan. He I mentioned that the Mayors of Warrington, Widnes and St. Helens had keen re-elected that day. He wished them a succeesful and happy year of office. He also congratulated the Town Clerk of Wigan upon his Treat appointment as Clerk to the Durham County Council. The MAYOR of Widnes, in the course of his reply, congratulated the Corporation upon having decided to ' build a new bridge over the Mersey. They would, how- ever, find Widnes to be keen competitors for traffic between Lancashire and Cheshire, though Warrington would have the advantage of allowinz traffic over the river free while at Wienus they would have to make a charge. Widnes had been described as the black spot on the Mersey, but he could assure them that they bad not only trees with leaven on, but their head gardener had just woes prize at Liverpool for chrysanthemums. (Several voices: " Grown outside ?") " I cannot say," replied the Mayor amidst much laughter, adding "There are ciuesticies pet sometimes I think it is wise , not to bear.' (More laughter.) Mr. Jevoxs also responded. Councillor HENRY Routruis gave the Imperial Forces and prefaced his remarks by paying as el, (pent . tribute to Mr. Balfour, who, he said, had now retired from the forefront of political warfare. As a dialectician, a man of literary parts, a scholar and in the main a successful leader of a political party, they had lost from the front ranks of the fighting mesa great Englishman. (Hear, hear.) None of them, what- ever their politics might be, could help but regret it. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Roberta urged that it was always necessary that the country should be in a state of preparation for war. They must put the interests of the Empire first. (Applause). Colonel FA IRCLOUGH, in responding, humorously remarked that the Imperial Forces were supposed to be outside party politics, but it was to be noted that each party who had been in power had done as little suit possibly could. The country wee now between Territomlism sad Conscription. He would like to urge span employers of labour the need of affording facilities for the men who joined the ranks of the Territorials under-going their fortnight's annual training under satisfactory conditions. Ile cast no refiegtion upon Warrington employers, because at the last training the Warrington Battalion had a vaster number present than any other battalion in the Division. (Applause.)

The 'MAYOR was loudly applauded o'n 7lsing to prepuce the health of 'Our new Freeman." He referred to the eloquent speeches that bad been made earlier in the day in regard to Mr. Robert Pierpoint's many good qualities, adding thot it was diffi:ult for him to soy anything new. He bad known Mr. Pierpoint since he (the Mayor) came to Warrington 30 years ago, when they were both young and sprightly—and ho would like to add they were so yet. (Applause) If they did not look it they felt It. (Laughter.) The honour they had conferred upon Mr. Pierpoint that day had been most highly merited and he hoped that he, along with Mrs. Pierpoint, would long be spared in , the beet of health, and enjoy every happiness. (App'auso). RORERT PIERPOINT'S STRIKING SPEECri. Mr. PISRPOINT, who was given a very enthusiastic reception, said he had had conferred upon him a very high honour, which he should treasure greatly. It had been done with a unanimity and generosit• which he thought few men could hope to command. It had been done with such generosity because it had be.n done to him—a petty man, might he say a strong party man— without one tinge of political feeling. Hear, bear.) His Liberal friends, and friends of his own party, hod vied with one another in saying plessint things about him and in paying him compliments. He ei'hed he could believe that all those plealent thirae, which had been vcry gratifying to him, were &served, hut altLo"gh they might not all be, be claimed without a blush that some of them were deserved (Applause). Mr. Pier- point Weston to refer to his Parliacentsry experiences, and feelingly described how Parliaments' grew into his life and habits that never from the time his friend Mr. Croalleld defeated him in 1936 and again in IMO had be lost one day or one working hour without a consuming desire to get back to his place. (Herr, hear and applause.) It may be," continuA Mr. Pierpoint, 1" for who knows what is ' on the knees of the gods,' that I shall get leek there again. (Applause). I hope that the time may come." (More applause). Alderman TINNUrr, In felicitous terma, gore the health of the" Mayor, our host." He sold his Worship had become deservedly popular. Re had tried and had succeeded in carrying oat to V* entire satlsfactien of

,!:nany

the Council and the inhabitants of Warrington them,. and varied duties be had been tilled upon to perform. (Hear, hear.) He nodersto id that during the coming 'oar be Wi, likely to add to his responsibilities. If be did he was sure he would have tha wishes of them all. (Applause). The toast was most cordially received, aid Toe M tyog, on rising to respond, was heartily cheered. He said be mast plead guilty to possessing some of the good qualities which bad been ascribed to him, more particularly so far as they related to his desire to ameliorate the conditions under which the poor of the town lived. It was the dearest wish of his heart that th)s3 conditions should be improved. (A (misuse). Mr. .1. Itsusit. YOI'NG proposed" Tue Corporation " In • speech sparkling with wit and humour. to • serious moment, however, be paid a high tribute to tha work. the Corporation did. It Isola's estremely useful work. It was easy for cavillers like himself to say what might be done, but be was thankful to the guatlemen who could flad time to &rota to th u interests of tips town, and he congratulated them upon the off arts they were making to keep the machine gniog. (Applause). Alderman BOLToN and Councillor HAWTHORN res- ponded. The Alderman boldly claimed they were af good a body of Town Catincllors as there WAS in tie country, and—he added amidst mach laughter-- We are also as ointank 'rout."

Clenedlor Bcttn.vs give " Ibrougnii Megietratee." Aldernna JANIRS EVANS SRI ltr. R. T. FAIR, 1.0" ,:ir replied. . .

"The Town end Trate of Warrington " was the last toast on the list, but when it wu relohed Mr. A. H. , Crodfield and others had to leave, and the proceetings I were brought to a close by the singing of the National I Anthem and* ASH Lug Syn."

===== 0002601_19111111_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CIRCLE. MR. A. H. CROSFIELD S MUSICAL

RECITAL.

One of the most delightful mutical evenings ever held in connection with the Wallington Women's Circle took place in the club room in Bridge-street on Wednesday evening,when the members were favoured with a visit from Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Crosfield. There was an excellent attendance, including the Revs. W. Cooper and C Curtis, Mia Dodds, Mr. and Mrs. A. Itsthbone, Mrs. A. J. Willett, Mr. and Mrs. W. Clatworthy, Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes, Miss Ball (leader of the Ciicle) and Mrs. Kenworthy (secretary. A much appreciated feature of the programme was a musical recital by Mr. A. H. Crosfield who illustrated a very interesting address on music with pieces on the pianof .rte. Mr. Croefield also took the opportunity of congratulating the Circle on having %Tared the services of Miss Ball as leader and Mrs. Kenworthy as secretary. He believed the organization was now on the high road to prosperity and success (Applause). Mrs. Crosfiel I gave several pianoforte solos in her exquisite style. Miss Emily Taylor gave a tasteful interpreta- tion of' My mother bids me bind my hair." Mr. J. H. Draper was heard tit distinct advantage in' Maid of Athens." Miss Taylor and Mr. Draper were associated in the pleasant duet" Maying "and " I heard a voice in the tranquil night" which were admimb'y given. Vi din solos were skilfully played by Mr. Swains. Miss Corney gave further evidence of her well known abilities as an ed.cutionist in " The telegram " and" A city tale" which were among the moat acceptable items of the evening. Mrs A. llsoth had promised to sing bat was unavoidably absent. Mrs. Holmes played the pianoforte accompaniments in her nimal pleasing style. Mrs. Dodds delivered a graceful little speech, commending the work of the Circle. A vote of thanks to the artistes was proposed by Mr. Kenwortby and seconded by Mrs. A. H. Cro,field (president of the circle) who said she had followed the growth of the Circle from its infancy and was pleased to see it justifying the highest hopes and expectations. Mr. Croafield, in the course of his *Advent, referred to the difficulty of grappling with so intangible and impalpable a subject as music. It is as delightful and 3et es elusive as the ecent of flowers or the lustre of the brilliants that sparkle in the morning light amongst their petals. And yet, he (motioned, from the earliest times to which tradition carries us back men base recognised its almost illimitable power. (Hear, bear.) We have for lusts nce the charming story of Thebes,which town of ancient Greece was said to have been built up by manic in the days when Amphion played no beauti- fully on his lyre that eves the stones were moved and arranged themselves in symmetrical order. You will appreciate that I have learnt a great de el more lately Viso I treed to know about ancient Greek history. (Laughter.) And in modern times is there • military commander who is not alive to the power of patriotic o usic ? Take, for instance, the " Wacht am lthein." That is the sort of music to fire a soldier's enthusasto and send him into battle ready to march to the very canon's mouth fighting for d iath or glory. I must confess, ladies and gentlemen, thot Illustration is of a somewhat bellicose character furs was possessed of • long line of Quaker ancestors. I hope you will under- stand that this is cnly an illustration, and that I bare by no means been beguiled into supporting any gospel of 020e8SiVe militarism. (Laughter and hear, hear.) Take a piece of a wholly different character, as gentle, so full of pathos and pity—take that simple and beautiful Irielo melody Has sorrow the young days bhaded." Mr. Crosfield then real stew lines of the song, and pissed the air, pointing oat how wonderfully the music tells the same story es the words. 'There, ladies and gentlemen, ' he continued, you have musics in its fondest mood ; that is surely the kind of music. Tennyson had In mind when he wrote those beautiful verses, with which I dare Bay you are familiar :

" There is sweet music here that eofter falls Than petals of blown roses on the grass ; Or night dews on still waters between walls Of shadowy granite in a gleaming pans Music t bat gen tl ier on the spirit lies Than tired eyelids on tired eyes." You see Tennyson describes music in terms of nature ,and urea the medium of poetry to do so. Well, poetry may indeed point a picture for tie more vividly and &finitely, but is there one of all Dome Nature's moods which music fails to interpret and suggest ? And that leads us to think for a moment of the chief difference between literature and music, where the one is so much more definite and instructive, and the other so infinitely suggestive, as it is also alone capable of expressing the inexpressible. Huxley han said that literature in the most enduring source of relined pleasure. Without dis- puting that, friends, I think that some of us would be inclined to say that purely from the point of view of beeuty music is easily first. And then if we come to consider the beauty of nature and that of music, who would care to make any rash or , crude comparison between them. Some of the most exquisite music we have draws half its inspiration from the picture of nature it suggests. There is the beautiful overture of Wiliam Tell, in part of which the composer by meant, of the octave suggests very prettily the yodelling one hears among the bill, and mountains of Switzerland. I thought I would just play a little of that—(applause)—to show how the mii•ic no well suggests the echoes of the mountains, and the singing of the peasants, near at hand or in the diatoms, now louder and now fainter, in that Maui i Nil hill country." Mr. Croefleld then played the " Rune des ‘'aches,' which was received with applause, as •Iso were selec- tions from the " Harmonious Blacksmith " which followed. Referring to the latter, Mr. Croafield con- tinued, " We can almoet heir the ringing of the strokes of the hammer on the anvil at the commencement of the piece, end towards the end how cleverly Handel hut imitated abet monde like the idiom on a frosty morning—and that with music no leas clear and bright. (hoer, bear). Such pieces sr, no futile attempt to n erely mimic nature and fail in the effort ; hut on the other hand bow beautifully they suggest such pictnres. Where, it always seems to rue, mimic exceeds and excels nature is in the human feeling and emotion which it so wonderfully en...ernes. Take a piece like the beautiful s prano solo " Jeruselem " in illeridelssolin's Oratorio " St. Paul " or the Prophet pleading in the wilderness in his magnificent Oratorio" Elijah,' each of them in their own way as beautiful music of its kind as ever has been—l was going to lay ever could be—written. In the first place you have pleading, and in puts almost piercingly beautiful music ; and again in the second the same pleading and pommies power is also marvellously conveyed Wha, a contrast to turn to the roordaunt irony and humour that you find interspersed with in comparable melody and plasm in scliumun's music ; or to the Inever failing flights of imsginaticia and delicate fancy, the romance and dashing dare-dsvilry of Chopin; to the noble severity and beauty of Bach, the philosophy of Brahma, to Wsgner's worsen( us genius lad orchestration, or to the great motterpieces of Beethoven himself. (Hear, beer.) There sorely the loftiest attributes of human character with Divine hope and aspiration are recorded for ever In immortal language. (Applause) Ladies; sad gentlemen. I am already at the end of my tether, and indeed I have got beyond it. If before concluding I may play just two abort selections Dona Beethoven they will be the last illustrations of my times. In the first _place I will play half of the first movement of the Polhill° Sonata, and I would dress special attention to the raillerr,cogaetry, and report**, and eves the ripple of girlish laughter that you rind in one passage. written at the time Beethoven became engaged. Mr. Crosfield then played the piece which be followed with a selection from one of the symphonies. Referring to the latter Mr. Crosfield continued : There is nothing in that lofty theme which suggests any specific idea whatever, but does not that very fact help to lead as to the conclusion that the character of musio fires lass ascending scsle till we retch the noblest music of all, that which 'ogees°, and indeed inspires the loftiest thoughts and emotions known to mankind. (Applause). In emeection with the concert, there was • small sale of work under them meat of Mrs Clotwcrthy and Mrs Young arid a toffee stall in charge Of Mn Elliott and Mrs Mershon.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

I

1.4 r I , , 1 , , I , • , ~ , ,••,-", ;",,c , '.iti, A.11.01;° -, I 1, . - , .. - -,--,-ft. , , ' ' I . - '- le vw- -Ili* 71,r`, - • ' - , . 1 '

===== 0002601_19111111_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SHANGHAI AND THE WHANGPOO RIVER.

It is reported that the rebels now cominin I the native city at Shanghai and the entire neighb3urhool. Ths Woosung forts have gone over to the rebels and the soldiers are displaying the white band, the sign of revolution. The Chinese gunboats are also flying white flags. Our picture is of ShanLthai looking North along the Whangpoa River.

low , 1 \ . S. ,svo

===== 0002601_19111111_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW POST OFFICE MONEY BOXES.

With a view to encouraging thrift among depositors of the Post Office Savings Bank the Postmaster-General has arranged to supply money-boxes. These are made of highly. polished steel and weigh about tcn ounces. Every depositor will be able to obtain one of these neat but impregnable little boxes for the sum of is. as registration fee, and a deposit of 25., which latter amount will be refunded when the box is returned in good Condition. They are to be issued next month.

, • *1 I • .: , • , . "ff tot, a:o*u** . . . . . _ • . _ . .

===== 0002601_19111111_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BY-ELECTION AT HITCHIN.

We give above the portraits of the two candida,:is at present contesting Hitchin for the vacancy caused by the death of Dr. A. Hillier. Lord Robert Cecil makes a strong candidate, and his brother Hugh will be glad of his strength in the House, but Mr. Greg Ii none the less sure of retaining the seat for the Government.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ROMAN BRITAIN.

During the last few years the Manchester and District Branch of the Claneical Association has be conducting the excavation, originally begun by Professor Gersten& of Liverpool University, and Mr. Thorns. May, of Warrington, on the site of the Roman fort at itibcheater. More than three years having now elapsed since the close of their last excsvation on the site, the Eacaystion Committee have deemed it derirable, in issuing on appeal for funds, to publish a brief statement of the Present position of the work at Itibohester. The pamphlet in which form the statement is presented is being issued to the members of the association in plac 3 of an annual report. The work at Ribcheater has resulted, it is stated, in Ands of greet interest. The foundations of part of the outer wall of the camp sod of one of the four greet gateways have been uncovered, and two large stonsbuilt buildings which had apparently as the granarie, of the camp have been partially cleared. Among the objects found special importance attaches to a fragmental./ inscription containing refer- ences to the Emperors Severii3 and Camelia, and to two carved Stone capitals of unusual size and elaboration.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
TORY'S DISLIKE OF THE REFERENDUNL

The Hon, J. C. Lyttelton, M.P., opeakirg at Kidder- minster on Saturdsy, said frankly he did not like the referendum. To introduce the referendum would be to introduce a more novel feature into political life than bed ,yet been introduced, would absolutely upset all the traditions that the Houses of Parliament had behind them, and would take all responsibility from the Government, besides being expensive and leaning to a great deal of trouble.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
DOAN S INQUIRY RESUMED.

Another Warrington Report.

The representative specially commissltned to investi- gate the cures of kidney and bladder troubles by Doan's backache kidney pills, reported in the local press during the past few years, forwards the following statement by a Wilmington woman. Mrs. M. Allott, of 32, Bastock-street, Bank Quay, Warriagton, says As the result of a severe cold which affected my kidney!,! suffered greatly for years with pains in my back and shoulders, and with gravel. When I did any bending I found Its hard matter to get upright again, for the pains would seize me so suddenly that it seemed as if my back would break. I often had to leave off in the midst of my work and rest. " I was treated by a doctor for kidney complaint, but I did not improve at all. At the time I heard of Dean's backache kidney pills I was very bad, and I was obliged to keep to my bed. Dean's pills made me feel better ; and after I had bten using Mem a short time I was able to get up again. Gradually my health returned. lean now go about my work with sane, and the gravel trouble is cured. The pills acted well in every way, and I feel better altogether since I used them. I shall not fail to recommend Dean's pills. (Signed) MARGARET ALLOTT." Orcr 5 years after her core, Mrs. Allott said :—" I , have bad no serious kidney trouble since I gave my testi- monial for Dean's pills over five years ago. Whenever I have a touch of backache, a few doses of the pills soon core it. I have kept very well, and am in good health again. 28.9 d. a box, 6 boxes 13s. 9d. ; of eh dealers. Ark for boon's backache kidney pills, like Mrs. Allott bad.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM ' LABOUR'S STANDPOINT. ~......N.-,,,---,..,,-,...-...,3

By Philip Snowden, M.P.

THE UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE.

The Unemployment part of the Insurance Bill has been sent to a Grand Committee which has just begun to consider the measure in detail. During the six months the Bill has been before the country hardly anything at all has been heard about this section of it. The Chancellor of the Exchequer has kept his Sickness Insurance scheme so much to the front that Mr. Buxton, who is in charge of the Unemployment section, has been hidden from public view. Mr. Buxton has addressed no great public meetings in support of his part of the Bill, nor has he interviewed 100 deputations, nor written 2,500 explana- tory letters. The trade unions have been singularly quiet about this Unemployment Insurance scheme, and on the whole it may be said that there is neither interest nor knowledge prevailing about it. AN IMPORTANT SCHEME. But this Unemployment Insurance is by no means the least important part of the Bill, and it is well that the workmen who are going to be affected by it should be beginning to take an interest in it. The scheme is unlike anything which is in existence in any other countries. Many of the continental countries have Unemployment Insurance schemes in operation, but they are mostly very small in extent and voluntary ,in character. This proposal now before our Parliament is the first effort to establish a scheme of Unemployment Insurance which is both State, National, and Compulsory.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WHOM IT APPLIES.

Under this Bill every workman, skilled and unskilled, trade unionist or non-unionist, who is employed in certain scheduled trades will be compulsorily insured against unem- ployment. The trades which are scheduled in the Bill are Buildings, Construction of Works, Shipbuilding, Engineering, and Con- struction of Vehicles. The compulsory part of the Bill is limited at the outset to the

trades now mentioned, but it is provided that with the consent of the Board of Trade and the Treasury, other trades may be admitted to the scheme on the condition that

their inclusion will not involve the State in a contributbn exceeding a certain amount. THE RESPECTIVE CONTRIBUTIONS. The definition of a " workman 'S is such as to exclude clerks and firemen and persons under 18 years of age. Each workman who comes within the scope of the compulsory clauses of this Bill will have to subscribe 21/2d. a week to this Insurance Fund. This will be deducted from his wages by his employer, who will have to pay 21/2d. a week also for each workman he employs. There is no variation in the amount of the contri- bution. Whatever a workman's wages may be he will have to pay the same sum as the rest, and he will receive the same amount of out-of-pay. That is to say, that the highly I skilled mechanic and the unskilled labourer will each pay the same sum of 21/2d. a week to the Unemployment Fund, and the employer will add 21/2d. for each, and each will be able to claim the same weekly 'benefits. THE STATE'S CONTRIBUTION.

It may be added that *id. will have to be paid every week whether the workman makes a full week or not. The State con-

tribution to the Unemployment Fund is one- •••-• • • - • •

third of the total con-tril;utions of the work- men and employers—that is to say that the State will add one-third of sd. for each

insured pertion every week, which is a little over one-half of the contribution to be taken

from the workman. The State is responsible

in the first instance for the expenses of administration, but 10 per cent, of the income of the fund is to be paid over for the adminis-

tration of the scheme. This seems to be a very excessive sum to take for expenses, when it is remembered that the machinery

for the administration is already in iwistence, namely, the Labour Exchanges and the Trade Unions. The workman is not required to pay any contribution when he is.out of work : nor, so far as one can gather, will he be required to pay the arrears. Being relieved from payment when unemployed, and having the contribution stopped weekly when in work, there will be no possibility of arrears accumulating. THE WEEKLY.BENEFIT.

The _benefit which is to be paid .to an

insured workman who is out of work is to be 7s. a week. As the Bill stands at present, workmen engaged in the building trade are only given 6s. a week, though they pay the same contributions, but an indication has been given by the Government that this will be amended, and 7s. a week fixed for all the scheduled trades. The workman is not entitled to out of work pay unless he has 'been employed in an insured trade for 26 weeks. Benefit is not to be given if the unemployment is due to a strike or lock out. If a workman has lost his employment through misconduct, or has voluntarily left his employment without just cause, he shall not be entitled to out of work pay for six weeks from the date of losing or leaving employment. Other disqualifications are if he loses his work through imprisonment,or if he is an inmate of any public institution. Some of these disqualifications are lik ly . .

to operate with constderable hardship. W for instance, is to decide whether a man Las been discharged through misconduct, or w at misconduct is ? That provision will a . . _

great power into the hands of employeri. to deprive workmen of their unemployment pay where a workman, for some reason, may

• —. have made himself objectionable, as for instance by activity in Trade Unionism. Then again, a workman may leave his work voluntarily, but he may have been driven to do this by the intolerable conditions of his employment. These are points which will require very careful consideration by the Committee.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
LIMITED BENEFITS.

The workman is not entitled to remain on the fund for an indefinite period. No work- man is to draw more than 15 weeks of benefit in any twelve months, nor can he draw more than one week of benefit for every five weekly contributions paid. This restriction, it is said, is intended to prevent the chronic idler from sponging on the fund. The Board of Trade is given power to alter the scale of payments, and to reduce the period during which the benefit•may be paid. The administration of ,the Unemployment Fund is to be principally through the Labour Exchanges. When a man is out of work he will take his Insurance card to the Exchange, and an officer will examine his claim, and if it is alright in accordance with the regula- tions, the man will be entitled to draw 7s. a week after the expiration of the first week of unemployment. No benefit will be paid for the first week of any period of unemploy- ment. If a workman is dissatisfied with the decision of the Insurance Officer, he may

appeal to a Court of Referees, chosen from a panel representing an equal number of workmen and masters, with an independent chairman. It is expected that the Court of Referees will sit once a week in each district, so that no long delay need take place in settling claims. The workman will be put to no expense whatever by appealing. It may be noted that the workman will be required to sign the register at the Labour Exchange every day .when he is out of work.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
A NOVEL. PROPOSAL

There is one rather extraordinary and novel proposal in the Bill which provides that any workman who becomes repeatedly unemployed through lack of skill or know- ledge may be required to attend a suitable course of technical instruction, and if he fails to do so or to profit by such instruction, this fact may be taken into account by the Labour Exchange in deciding what is suitable employment for him. Trade Unions may form Associations of workmen in the insured trades, and these Associations may make arrangements with the Board of Trade to act in the place of the Labour Exchanges as the agency through which the benefit will be distributed. This trade union association will pay out the benefits and then make a claim for a refund 4rom the Board of Trade. There is also a provision which entitles the Trade Unions which pay unemployed benefit to receive from the States subsidy equal to one sixth of the amount they have paid. This will be of considerable benefit to•the trade unions, and should enable them to offer addi- tional benefits to those workmen above what will be paid to non-union workmen 'under the National scheme.

_ The Unemployment Insurance applies as we have said to only about half-a-dozen trades at once. No women are included in this part of the Bill. It will cover at the outset about 2,300,000 men. In this article I have merely stated the proposals of the Bill. On the whole this section of the Bill is more free from defects of detail than is the sickness part, but the Unemployment scheme is open to the fundamental objection that it puts the cost upon the wrong people.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
1 CHILDREN'S CORWER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB. .3

DOGS THAT DO GOOD WORK.

Some years ago when I was in Bath I saw lat the station a little dog that collected for I a hospital. He had a neat little place to sit I on, a kind of large shelf and round his neck he carried a money box. When the station was quiet he enjoyed a nap and took no notice of anybody, but the moment a train came in Ihe sat up and began to bark and whine as lloud as he could. People looked round think- ing he was in distress, but this was only his little trick to get them to look at him. When they looked they saw his collecting box and of course felt obliged to give him a penny. I watched him many a time and studied his little tricks of trade. Since then I have read of many dogs that get a living. London Jack, at Waterloo Station, used to collect about £5OO per annum. His successor, London Jack 11., has learned many little winning ways that often bring him a shilling or two from many an unwilling passenger. When he comes into a compartment and finds a passenger absorbed in reading, he gently places one paw upon the knee of the passenger and looks up so pleadingly that it is almost impossible to resist the mute appeal. He can discriminate between the " flop" of the big flat penny-piece and the silver tinkle of the nimble sixpence. When you drop a penny into Jack's money-box, you get a somewhat indifferent bow of thanks. When, however, you put in a silver piece, Jack gives you an elaborate hand-shake with his paw. Many passengers who know the dog's tricks often give him money just to see the difference he makes between those who give pennies and those who give silver. Another immensely popular London dog collector is known to the world of passengers as Paddington Tim. His field of operation is Paddington Station, London's Great West End terminus. Tim is quite used to Royalty for it is at Paddington Station that the trains from Windsor arrive, and Tim is always on deck and very much in evidence whenever a Royal train pulls into the station. The ticket collectors always give Tim free access to Royal trains. He does not wait on ceremonial, but rushes up to the Royal coach and generally manages to pick out the King, Queen, or other eminent personages. It is the invariable custom of the Royal Family to contribute something to these begging togs at railway stations and Tim is never over- looked. In fact, he has come into very close contact with various members of the English ruling family. He is a particular favourite with little Princess Mary, who never fails to give him half-a-sovereign. Tim is also a great " friend " of Queen Alexandra; and the late King frequently noticed him.

THE LITTLE PINK PIGS The little pink pigs have been rotting around, Booting around all night, Though I warned them well they must slumber sound Till the blink of the morning light; I warned them well, as the owner I gowned And snuggled them warm and tight. But though I told them they mustn't peep out, The little pink pigs have been rooting about ; I warned them one and I warned them ten,

So now they must go in the sock-and-shoe 'pen, The pen uf the scck and shoe. First the sock and then the shoe; it's nearly eighl o'clock ! Lock the little pigs in the sock, Shoo the little pigs in the shoe, Pen the little pigs in the pen. The pen of the sock and shoe.

The little pink pigs, with a wriggle and dive, All under the gown they run; While the owner watches me coal and drive, And giggles a gale at the fun, And squeals as I swoop on a drove of five And capture the five in one. Oh, the little pink pigs have been rooting about, Though I warned them well they mustn't peep out; So I capture five and I capture ten, And drive them into the sock-and-shoe pen, The pen of the sock and she. First the sock and then the shoe, and then the shoe tied erck. Lock the little pigs in the seek, Shoo the little pigs in the shoe, Pen the little pigs in the pen It's almcst eight o clock !

===== 0002601_19111111_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
—Edward ranee Cooke. THIS WEEK'S STORY. REMARKABLE INDEED.

The rector of an old church in Wales asked ' a party of Americans to visit his parochial school. After a recitation he invited them to question the scholars, and one of the party accepted the invitation. "Little boy," said he to a rosy-faced lad, "can you tell me who George Washington was ? '

" iss, surr," was the smiling reply. " E was a ' Merican gen'ral." "Quite right. And can you tell me what George Washington was remarkable for ?" . .

"Iss surr. 't was remarkable 'cos 'e was a 'Merican an' told the trewth," There was no more questions asked.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
LOVE PRITCHARD, TtiE NEWLY-APPOINTED "KING" OF BARDSEY ISLAND HIS "CORONATION" WILL TAKE PLACE IN THE NEW YEAR.

and it was because of its isolation that its monarchy arose. Bardsey, with much of the adjoining mainland, belongs to Lord New- borough. The ancestor of the present Lord had a great affection for the romantic island and often spent time there. A generation or two ago when it was almost entirely , cut off from the world and when no one, in the winter, could be sure of being able to visit it at all,the inhabitants were scarcely amen- able to the laws of the country at all, and, without any disrespect or contempt for the laws of England, drew up a code of laws of their own. But rules need enforcement and, seeing the need of some directing influence, Lord Newborough selected a sensible peasant to be the ruler of the island. The man was chosen for his integrity and judgment and the owner vested in him his own authority as owner. LORD NEWBOROUGH " KINGMAKER. " With an eye for effect end perhaps not without a glimmer of humour he declared him King of Bardsey,and following the whim gave him a crown of brass, a treasure in the shape of a silver casket,and an army to guard it. The army consisted of a wooden soldier suitably painted. For many years King John Williams reigned and after him John Williams 11. reigned in his stead. KING LOVE THE FIRST. The next King will be Mr. Love Pritchard, who will probably go down to history as King Love I. The insignia of office will be brought forth, the wooden soldier will see the thing well and faithfully done, and King George V. will endure as best he can the indignity of a rival coronation and a rival monarch. It was in the palmy days of John Williams 11., that we first examined Bardsey, but things were not propitious and we did not get ashore. This summer we saw it again from the mainland, alluring and beautiful in its splendid isolation. THE ANCIENT HISTORY OF BARDSEY. From the water we can see the ruined tower of the Abbey of St. Mary a building founded, if tradition be correct, in the sth and 6th century. This flings us back to what perhaps ought to have been mentioned first, the ancient history of Bardsey. Strange to relate this lonely island was once one of the best known spots in Britain and it is confidently averred that the bones of twenty thousand saints lie buried there. The old chronicles are unanimous about it and it looks as though it must be true that in the days of the massacre of Christians under Ethelfrith the monks of Bangor Iscoed fled to Bardsey, establishing there an Abbey that gave fame to the island and made it a holy place. Within the Abbey walls many were laid to rest who had expressed a desire to be buried there and their bodies were carried by long slow stages, to the difficult ferry at Aberdaron. Then came the mania for pilgrimage. It was counted a holy place that must certainly confer blessing, and an unending string of pilgrims traversed the road—known to this day as the Pilgrim Road —through Carnarvonshire to the tip of the peninsular. MEMORIALS OF THE PILGRIMS.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
A FINE HOLIDAY FIELD.

The Lleyn Peninsula is a charming though little known place for holidays. From Nevin or Pwllheli the visitor can cover a piece of unspoiled and most beautiful country. For mountaineergin The Rivals will satisfy any ' ordinary ambition,and antiquarian taste will revel in the City of the Giants and the numerous churches and Pilgrim wells. Abersoch and Aberdaron are charming watering places, "far from the madding. crowd" and dusty railway. So also are Morfa Nevin and Llanbedrog. At this last mentioned village there is, curiously enough, what is claimed to be the best Art collection in Wales. It is at the home of the late Love Jones Parry, now opened as a pleasure ground and art gallery. In the garden here we copied an inscription carved by some loving hand to the memory of a faithful dog. It is one of the many unexpected things that awaited us in this unexplored and altogether charming corner of Britain.

OLD LION. There are men both good and wise Who hold that in • future state Dumb creatures we have cherished here below Shall give us joyous greeting when we pass the golden gates; Is it fully that I hope it may be s)? For never man had friend Mme enduring to the end, Titter mate in every turn of time and tide, Could I think we'd meet again It would lighten half my pain At the place where the old d)g dicd. A.M.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
SWITZERLAND'S GIFT TO BRITAIN.

The Secret. of Curing Coughs, Colds &

All Chest -Troubles.

If Etatistics could be compiled of the mortality in England during the foggy months, and compared with the mottality in Switzeiland (where they have no fogs) during the same period, it would be found that England's death-rate is about 90 per cent. higher. Not only have they no fog in Switeerland, hat the air there is impregnated with the chest-strengthening balsams of the pine forests which keep all throat and lung troubles at bay. 3 bough only a small proporti-n of bronchial victims can visit Switzerland from this country for a" cure," it is possible, with Peps, for everyone to breathe in at borne what is practically the same pare infection- killing air that makes the Swiss peasant so robust and free frcm lung trouble. In • compact little brown tablet called Pepe, sealed up within a silver jacket, are concentrated the medicinal properties of the far-away Swiss forest air; so that when a tablet is taken from its preserving cover and slowly dissolved upon the tongue, rare soothing fumes are given off which can thee be taken direct deep down into the throat and lungs with the air we breathe. These fumes disinfect the breathing apparatus in the chest, allay all irritation net up in the throat by tbe town smoke and the bad air, and in a few days effect a marvellous change in the worst victim of bronchitis. Peps in regular use loosen the phlegm which ins, s our cheat so wheezy and binders our breathing almos • to suffocation. The phlegm is then expelled in the natural way, and the lining of our breathing tubes which has been torn by that incessant cutting cough, is quickly soothed and mended. New vitality is &aro put into the lungs by the same splendid medicine. Bronchitis soon dies away with the use of Pepe

. . Two memorials remain of these far-off which posisees the secondary yet important advantage superstitous days the Abbey of St. Mary on of being quite free from opium, chloral, morphia, and ; lih• harmful drugs. Peps mar therefore be taken the Island and the church of St. Mary on the ictiiittaafety.anyd succesareby the frailest invalid and the main land at Braich-y-PwII. We might perhaps also add Ffynnion Fair (Our Lady's do iod eGlingba victim. ytamtial 111,7 can dnlymderligc9i:ed, and tteiys Well) that springs up amid the sands of the swallowed into the stomach ' canu do - that is b i reach- shore. Though often covered by the sea the ing dire t the deliew, i„ter,„l parfe (ehid; are the fountain still yields sweet cool water and its parts effected in bronchitis, asthma, iothienaa, and virtues may be tested by anyone who will chest complaints), and by bathing these parts in the run three times round the adjoining abbey rare healing balsams of the pine forest produced with a mouthful of water wishing very hard anew by the simple act tf slouly dissolving a Pepe tablet OD the mast tongue. for something all the while. Whether the Psis' truly bring" 8 Pine Forest is Every lime-" old pilgrims got their wishes granted in this They are indispensable to the mother and growing way traditions do not relate, and we ourselves children, to the breadwieoer toiling in close roomor didn't try it. overheated atmosphere, and to all who bon good They say that the soil of Bardsey can mike to fear the bed weather and winter's spprcscb

===== 0002601_19111111_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
_

BARDSEY ISLAND AND ITS KING.

64 GOODALLE." 66 ALLGOOD" ART CARPET.

BRITISH-MADE. SEAMLESS. REVERSIBLE. DURABLE. GUARANTEED 'lO BE THE BEST VALUE EVER OFFERED IN CARPETS.

" GOODALLS " POSSESS THE SOLE RIGHT OF SELLING THESE CARPETS IN GREAT BRITAIN 24 yards x 21 yards 15e. 9d. 21 „ x 3 „ lB3. 91. 3 „ x 3 „ 22e. 6d. 3 „ x 34 „ 26s. 3d, 3 „11 „ 3or. Od. OTHER SIZES IN PROPORTION. Samples Loaned on Application. Please Write. Prompt Attention to Orders.

POSTAL ORDER DEPARTMENT. TERMS CASH OR SATISFACTORY REFERENCE WITII ORDER. if GOODALLS," KING-STREET. MANCHESIER. &tabHebei 1821.

hardly be scratched without human bones coming to the surface. There is no doubt that it became a hugh cemetery in the early centuries and to the memory of these uncounted saints Lord Newborough has erected a beautiful memorial. He himself too was buried in the island he loved, and a fine Celtic Cross marks his grave. The population of the island, including the lighthouse staff, only numbers 64, though it may have jumped by one or two since the census. Farming and fishing are the only industries and the natives get their crabs, lobsters and produce across as best they can to Aberdaron.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LAND'S END OF WALES.

Last Saturday's newspapers blazoned forth the fact that Bardsey Island has chosen a new king, and gave pictures, more or less attractive, of this new member of the ruling classes. As captain of a fishing fleet no one would suggest an improvement. But as a real king! Of course there is a bit of history behind this Bardsey enthronement, and the announcement of the Coronation for New Year gives us the opportunity to spread it forth for our readers' entertainment.

Bardsey rises boldly from the sea at the tip of what is known as the Lleyn Peninsula, and is a shapely island of some two miles in length and a mile in width. It is the last scrappy bit of the storm bitten arm of land that pushes out into the Irish Sea,the "Land's End" of Wales,a neglected and most beautiful , bit of Britain. As we see it rising amid the sparkling waves it seems but a mere goat leap from the Carnarvonshire coast, but let the visitor beware. That small passage is one of the most treacherous upon our coast, and a trip can only be made when wind and tide combine. Many a day tripper has made the journey and been compelled to wait a week for a propitious tide to bear him home.

A -.LONELY SCRAP OF BRITAIN. This difficulty of access has left Bardsey rsland a painfully quiet and out-of-date place

- 0. 4 p. -

===== 0002601_19111111_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR SERIAL STORY. e t

rseopyrighted in the United Stales of Arno-tea by Arthur W. Morehmont.)

"And what is the news you have brought now?" asked Mrs. Caulfield, testily. She had not scrupled to use the man for her pur- pose, but the recital of the cowardly means he had employed disgusted her. This did not suit Bostock, however, who read her easily enough. "You don't like it, then? Well, it's not too late to undo every- thing. A very few words will put things right, and leave Helen to make her way again. You have only to say you wish it." "What is your news?" she repeated. "It's no manner of use to tell you anything more if you don't like what I've done already. Of course, it's up to you to call a halt if you wish." "There will be no halt," she said, after a pause. "I wish you could have done it some other way, but it had to be done. And that's all there is to it."

"Then this is the news," he replied, with a smile, as he handed her the letter which Mary Peneott had written to him, that Bal- mer had asked Helen to marry him and go to America, and that she was on the point of agreeing. "You may gamble on that girl hitting the bull's eye," he added, with a sig- nificant nod. _

Mrs. Caulfield read the letter and frowned. We must stop this," she said quickly. "I can see the probability. I hadn't thought of it." "It's as easy as picking pebbles off the beach." _ .

"Tell me. You have a plan." "Didn't you work this appointment for bite? All you've got to do is to see that it's made a condition that he goes out there un- married. If the thing were mine, I'd have no use for a married man in a job like that. And neither will this man Burrell—especially if his name is Caulfield," he added drily, with a drawl and a wink which plainly indicated his view of Mrs. Caulfield's action. it is not," was the quick reply, 'and that

has nothing' to do with' you." "You can take care of that end of it, any- way, I reckon; and all I had to do was to let you know what was doing. And now about that Garwood matter. Have you done any- thing? As I told you, he's very young for a lawyer, and he's straight. I've seen him— not in my own name, I told him I was Richard Simpson, and I said that you had heard about him, and I. could induce you to

put some very good business in his way. I hinted at fat fees, and he took the bait like a hungry fish after a fever. Are you ready to move in it?" . .

"Yes. There is some law trouble connected with a property I own in Pennsylvania. He can't do any harm in that, and my name does not appear directly." "Then he'd better get going at once. Give me the facts presently, and I'll hand them on to him. The time's getting ripe fast. As soon as Mr. Trevellock is off to the States, and pretty Helen begins to feel the pinch of things, she'll be ready to jump at the offer of the engagement I intend Garwood to offer her. The rest will be my look-out. And if she is not out of the country inside a month, then Jasper Bostock doesn't know the ropes: It's a sure thing." "You said you would want some jewels of mine. For what puprose?" "I don't want them until a week after she's been working at Garwood's, and as you didn't exactly cotton to what I told you just now, you'd better leave this end of the thing to me entirely. I'll tell you afterwards what I've done. You want the girl away, and I'm . . ,

going to do it. And now."'l shall want some dollars. I propose to plank down a good lump sum for Garwood for costs in advance. Nothing sweetens a lawyer like cash down." "I'll see to that," agreed Mrs. Caulfield. "Is there anytl g else?" "There's Sir Gregory. If he is to be in. duced to make the offer to provide for our little Helen you ought to be pulling the strings." "1 will see to that '•" and then somewhat abruptly, as if the interview were very dis- tasteful, she turned away and went back to the house.

Bostock laughed to himself as he looked after her and lit a cigar. "Queer cattle, the lot of them. She's doing all this for a title and a fellow I wouldn't trouble to pick out of the gutter; she ratans to go through with it, and yet she hates me for doing it for her; and all the time she fools herself with the belief that she's doing the best thing for all concerned—even for the girl. Of the two I'd rather help the girl, but business is busi- i ess ;" and IN ith a shrug of the shoulders he . . • • .

sauntered off smokini, and thinking of another little venture which he had under contemplation. He had not forgotten the laughing warning he had given his friend Grainger about Lotta —that he might enter the field against him. He could reckon on one strong ally in the family. Sir Gregory would not venture to oppose him, and he had made a very careful study of Lotta herself. She had been his chief companion, indeed, during his visits to the Chase, and without ever mentioning Grainger's name, except to praise him, he had, nevertheless, succeeded in starting some very suggestive doubts in Lotta's mind about her lover's disinterested- ness. And he had backed these up in a manner worthy of his cunning duplicity. The tactics in regard to Helen had suggested the means. He had made it his business to find out a lot about Grainger's private life, and having got on the trail of a very unsavoury incident, ihe had astutely used the woman n it to poison Lotta's mind. The woman, whose name was Lucille Field, had written to Lotta to the effect that Grainger was marrying her for money, and money only, and had enclosed some love letters of his in support of the charge. In- stead of sending these to Grainger and ask- ing openly for an explanation, Lotta pre- ferred to try and find out the truth for her- elf. This was precisely the course Boatock had udged she would take, knowing her narrow- minded, suspicious nature. And, am there was only one person to whom she could s.ppl i y in the first instance, he was quite prepared to be questioned. The opportunity came that evening when he and Lotta were alone in the drawing. room, and he lied announced that he had had a telegram calling him to town the next day. "I'm sorry, because it will prevent my having a ride with you, Miss Trevellock," he said; 'and of all the things I admire it is your riding. Our Western girls can ride some, but you have them all beaten at the . .

start:" "Are you really obliged to go? I wanted to talk to you." "I would do most anything to please you; but I'll have to go, sure." She paused, and turned over the music at the piano, where she was seated. "I'm very unhappy, Mr. Bostock," she said suddenly. "I'd just hate to disbelieve anything von said, Miss Trerellock, but that *don't seem possible to me," he replied, smiling. "I am, and I have no one in whom I can confide." . . .

"Well, I've always found it best to con- fide in myself." "But I want advice. It's about—about Mr. Grainger," she said, with some embar. rassment. .

"You don't say. Can't he come down here, then? How he can atop away does sun prise me." Lott& made an impatient gesture. "le! something serious." "Well, you'll pardon me, I know, but if it's anything unpleasant about my friend, I'd rather you didn't tell me." "Do you know him very well—l mean his private life and all that?" "I do that. And know no more harm about kim than about any other ordinary man of the world."

"I hate that phrase," she exclaimed irri- tably. "It means anything and eyerythiug. Do you know a friend of his—a Miss Lucille Field?"

The expression of his face, and his start of surprise that she should mention her, werc a triumph of acting. Then, after a pause, he said drily, and with intense significance: "Certainir .

lOU no. i can Bee you ao, “iea Lotta, almost passionately. And then out can—, the whole story. He listened gravely and read the letters, as if he had never seen them before; and while affecting to disbelieve it all, succeeded in suggesting that the affair was a great deal worse than it appeared on the surface. He knew her too well to offer sympathy or to affect indignation; and just discussed it ad if it were a matter which he could and shotild discuss with her on equal terms, posing all the time as Grainger's friend. The result was that she left it to him to deal with when he was in town, begging him to find out the truth and tell her plainly all that he discovered.

"Friend Grainger 'm chance of being master of Trerellock would be a dear option at thirty cents.," he said to himself afterwards over a last cigar. "I wonder what mine is worth. We shall see."

===== 0002601_19111111_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR GREGORY'S SILENCE

ARTHUR W. MARCHMONT, Fia.hor of The Man WI o Wes Dead,- "137 Right

of Sword." &c.

In Is the coming of ago of Blilmer Trevellock, only lion of Sir Gregory Trcycliook, and the rejoicings are general. A wife has already been chosen for liim--• wealthy widow. Mrs. Caulfield— but when the anew's have departed Bohner informs his parents that he can marry no one save Helen Pastor, a poor girl who earns her own living. This de- velopment decides Sir 0 mkiry to delay no longer the dis- closing of • secret. At his death, while Bulmer simeeds to the title, the estates pass to his eldest child, a madcap daughter of his first wife, named Letts. His changed for- tunes- mate no difference to Bulmerk intentions towards Helen Paxton, and the parents are petattaded to Invite her to Treyellock Chase. Sir Gregory forthwith puts Buimer's position plainly to Helen. and In the course of the inter. view she lets tall certain facts in reepect to her parentage which stagger him. 'Unconsciously she returns to that one black page of his put,and he is convinced that, though the girl herself knows it not, she in in reality the rightful owner of Trerollock Chase. When the hands him papers which prove this, he is face to face with a great temptation. KUM, disgrace, end beggary will be Ids lot if those papers are published to the world. Helen leaves him, and when she returns he tells her that he has accidentally burnt the papers. As a matter of fact he has lacked the strength to perform that shameful deed, and has locked them in his desk.

--Men. Caulfield, thwarted in her love for Bulmer, sets about evolving schemes to part him from Helen, and so skilfully puts the case before Sir Gregory that he agrees. As the !future possessor% of Trevellock Chase, Lotta and her affianced husband, Gerald Grainger, make themselves •oniew hat objectionable. The latter introduces to the house Jasper Bostock, t. Member of the State Legislature of Colorado," in reality a pinusible scoundrel, who has learnt something of Sir Gregory's past, anti does not hesi- tate to tre his knowledge as a source of blackmail. His Sent move is to obtain an invitation to stay at the "Chase." Here he meets Mrs. Caulllel,l. who recognises In him • notorient American. whom the Denver police would he glad to lay hold of. She decides to employ Bostock, and, cunningly unscrupulous, he soon proves a useful tool. Ile tirst buys over to their side Mary Present, who shares !Helen's 'humble fiat. Meantime Bulmer is offered a lucra- tive post In Galatia, anti when he visits his sweetheart with the news suggests that they should be secretly mar- ried and go one together. Helen demurs, and when Bulmer leaves her she makes the mistake of confiding in Mary Present

===== 0002601_19111111_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER VII.

LOTTA'S LOVE AFFAIRS.

Hunter had been quite right when he told Helen that the conditions of life at the Chase were changed. Sir Gregory was not like the same man. In • few weeks he aged ten years in appearance, and he had ceased to take any interest in the pursuits which had always given him plea- sure. He was dejected, nervous, and irrit- able, and spent the greater part of every day alone in his study, brooding over the wrong be had done Helen.

His conscience gave him no peace; and at the same time he lacked the moral courage necessary to avoi, his act and make redress. He had gone too far to retract, he told him- self. He could have pleaded at the time that the knowledge had taken him by sur- prise, and have given an explanation which would at least have saved him from the per- sonal humiliation which would be inevitable, after weeks of silence. The loss of all he had in the world ap- peared a small thing now compared with the shame of the confession he would have to make; and he felt that his one object must be to shield himeelf from that shame. Yet even as he made this decision he hated him- self for the cowardice which underlay it. And the consciousness of dishonour tortured him intolerably. The burden of the secret, too, crushed and saddened him, lic could not bear to be in the company of his wife, dearly as he loved her, for fear that some hint of it would escape him, and she would get to know him for the miserable, guilty coward he was in reality. - -•- _ .

The change in Sir Gregory affected every- one else in the household. Lady Trevellock was better again in health; but nervously anxious on account of her husband and his strange neglect of her. Mrs. Caulfield had been back to London, but had returned at her friends' earnest wish. She had carried out her promise to Sir Gregory in regard to Bul- mer, and it had been at her instance that the offer of the American appointment had come through Sir Gregory's bankers. "I suppose it is for the best that Bulmer should accept it, Beth?" said Lady Trend!. lock when discussing it with Mrs. Caulfield, who had not mentioned to her friend her part In the matter. "But I can't bear the thought of his going to America." "It appears to be a very good chance. He Is only to be away for a month or two, is he? And then he will settle down in the north." "I suppose I am a selfish old woman; but he has been so much with us, and I love to have him near me, that I can't bear the thought of separation. But one's children will grow up," she added with a little pathetic smile. "I had intended to buy the Charnock estates," said Mrs. Caulfield, meaningly. This estate was close to the Chase,. _ _

Lady Trevelloek sighed. "Ah, how, I wish It could have been, Beth! It would have been delightful to have had you both near us always." "We must make the best of things, dear," replied her friend. "And I am schooling my- self to accept the position." But she spoke very differently to Jasper Boatock on the subject. He had been com- ing and going between Lonaon and the Chase during the time, and was on the best of terms with the world and with himself, He had been shrewd enough not to force himself too much upon Sir Gregory; indeed he found the place too dull to care to be there for long: and as he had succeeded in obtaining a substantial loan from his victim, and had the prospect of getting more when he needed it, and had also found means of opening Mrs. Caul- &ld's long purse, he had been enjoying himself immensely. Ile had run down now to see her; and in the afternoon, when Sir Gregory was, as usual, alone in his study, and his wife watt asleep, they had a long and very earnest con- ference. .

"I have important news for you." he said; "but I'll tell you something A what I have done, and what I propose to do next. Luckily for us Miss Paxton ha a friend—a Mary Pea- cott—and I have managed to buy her." "To DUV her?" repeated (he widow. "Nct her ugly little body, of course; but all the information she can get. It was cheap at a hundred pounds." He had only paid twenty-five pounds; but lie was never too particular in money matters where his own interest intervened. "From her I got to know everything about the fair Helen; where she worked at typing; what firms sent her work; and at What housen she was accus- tomed to go for the piano-playing." "What was the use of that? '

"Patience, my dear madam, if you please. When I got wise about all that, I sized up the position and did some thinking. What I had to do was to cut off those sources of income. I schemed it all right, all right," he said, with a chuckle at his own cleverness. "I want to know the results, not the de- tails," said Mrs. Caulfield impatiently. "I guess I'll tell the thing in my own way. Well, I couldn't do anything direct, of course, because all sorts of questions might have been asked, and we should have run up against • snag or two. But I looked about for a num- ber of very shady people, with roguery and drink and worse written on their faces and their disreputable clothes, and for a con- sideration I induced them to go to ask for Miss Paxton at all these places—when she wasn't there, of course." he interjected with a wink. "And to make a little shine and drop awkward hints shout her. Result—no more work for Helen." "It was clever," was the other's comment ; P'but abominably cowardly." He laughed. "It was up to me to do something to earn your money, anyway, wasn't it? The Pescott girl, she's a peacl. for cunning, you bet, that girl; she started the idea. She told me of the two pri‘ate houses where Helen was to play, and I sent a couple of flashily (tressed %Well there to do the trick. Result: engagements cancelled. Cute. Or

===== 0002601_19111111_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

CHESHIRE v. WESTMORELAND.

Cheshire gained on easy win by 11-2 in this match at Sale last Saturday. This was primarily due to tbe dishing play of the Cheshire forwards, Merck: , (Bowdon), in particulkr being irresistible at centre and shooting 10 of the goals, the other two being obtained !by Pearson (lAtchford), and Stewart (Cliton). Pearson's debut to county hockey was quite mitisfaatory, he sod Stewart serving up some neat passes to Morello and feeding Smith sod Tweedale on the wings judiciously. Marclix's play in the centre was extremely ! line end his shooting terrific. Platt (Aided°, Edge) 11104 Cotten], (Bowdon), were the best of the Cheshire hacks. Murray suss the best min on the Weetmoreland team.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCHFORD.

r The First Eleven had no difficulty In heating Atherton at Latchford lent week by 10 goals to 2. The I visitors spoiled many good openings by bitting too hard and their forwards were weak in the circle. Oa the other hand the Latchford forwards were io their beet form, Clare and Dale on the right wing being altogether too felt for the Athertou backs. Cliffs got ' 4 goal, with fast shots and the others were obtained by I Travis 3, Parker I, Hackney I. Wilkinson and Allanaon were good in defence for the home team.

10-day the First Eleven at WI DM is: —A ffill,goad: P Allanson, T Dixon, backs; F Isherwood, J B Wilkinson, A Knight, halves ; R A Dale, J Pearson, D Travis, H Parker, A Albinson, forwards. Referee, Mr II Heald. Train from Central 2.20 p.m. The Second Eleven • Bebiogtoo "fi " at SOW is Wright, goal ; W H Porkies, R Parkinson. backs; H EC.Chill. A E litradahaw, H Walsh, halves; ii Fletcher, A Starkey, W Fletcher, T Worthington, H Colton, forward.. Train from Central Station 12.50 pa

===== 0002601_19111111_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH V. NORTHERN.

The ant team at Warrington on Saturday. Northern woo by three gaols to one. Northern 11. v. Stockton Heath 11. -Played at Moor Park on filstorday. Northern winning by Ire goals to one.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL. RUNCORN WHITE STAR v. WESTFIELD

AMATEURS.

These teams rest at St. Helena on Saturday. Result White Star, Zi goals 4 tries, 122 points) ; Westfield, one goal one try, (eve points),

===== 0002601_19111111_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THIRD ROC? D.

The draw for the third rotted of the Lenew•hife 'Junior Cop, played on November 18th, resulted : know, • flolker-street.

Zion • Anderson.

Pr-re-twiel) • Hey/ride United. Spring View or fliodley T. Mendieberp. eadisbead Flixton. Abram Co'berry • I{yl.ol fir creation. I Mord Swinton Somme.

Mike St; I:,,ncom Whit. Star. - . . . . .

rho Gnat tie was flto,l O ho played on February 17th.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER VIM PERSIOUTION AND A NZW DIAL

"Is Mrs. Chancellor at home'r'

"Yes, miss." "Ask her if she can conveniently see Ins for a minute ;" and Helen followed the neat maidservant into the morning-room and waited .while the message was taken. . . .

She had received a letter that morning from Mrs. Chancellor cancelling, without any reason, an engagement booked a few days before, and had resolved to try and find out the cause. It was the sixth eigagement cancelled in • the same fashion, and she could not believe that it was mere coincidence. When the servant returned there was a marked difference in her manner.

"Mistress is going out, and can't see you; and you are not to call again," the said curtly. Helen crimsoned at the tone. It confirmed her suspicions. "I wish yen would tell he that it is of great importance to me, ant that I am sure there is something which I can explain. I will not detain her a moment." _

"It wouldn't be any good; I was told not to leave you in the room alone," answered the girl. Helen fired at the insult; but an instant's reflection showed her the unwisdom of taking notice of it. "Very well," she said, and left the house. . . .

But she witi not going to submit without making an effort: and she wailed about close to the house until she saw Mrs. Chancellor come out, and then went up to her. "Please i excuse my speaking to you n this way. My name is Paxton, and a letter to me this morning—" "I have nothing to say to you, and I will not speak to you. Ido not want' you to- morrow night. That is all," was the un- compromising reply. "But I am convinced there is some m's- understanding. Please tell me what reason you have. It means so much to me," per- sisted Helen earnestly. "It is the sixth time it has happened to me, and—" "I am not compelled to give any reason, anti don't wish to be mixed up in anything unpleasant. I cancelled the engagement, as I had a perfect right to do; but if you insist upon being paid the half-guinea—" And she took out her purse. "It is not the money. That is the least part of it. But what you say shows me you must have some strong reason; and I beg you to tell it me." Mrs. Chancellor looked at her and hesi- tated; but then shook her head. "I will not have anything to do with it. If you want to know the reason, you can ask your friend, Dolly Letchmere. And now be good enough to leave me." . .

"But I don't know anyone of that name," protested Helen. "If you persist in annoying me, I shall call a policeman," declared Dirs. Chancellor angrily, as she quickened her pace and left Helen staring after her in blank amazement. After a moment's hesitation Helen retraced her steps to the house. "Hullo, you again. Mistress is out," said the maid rudely. "I came to ask you a question. Can you tell me anything about a woman, named Dolly Letchmere, who—" "No, I can't, and if I could I shouldn't. I know your sort;" and with an angry toss of the head she shut the door in llelen's face.

Helen returned home in great trouble. The thing was unaccountable. "Did you ever hear such a thing in your life, Mary?" she exclaimed, when she had told her friend.

"I don't believe it," was the reply. "That Chancellor woman's rich, and a rich woman would tell any lie to get out of paying people." "But she offered me the money in the street; and it was clear from her manner that there was something behind, a..<3 she didn't want to be mixed up in it. She said so in fact. But what on earth can it mean? I was never so puzzled in my life before." "There's a mistake somewhere, that's all. You're not going to ask me to believe that someone is taking the trouble to go about behind your back to set people against you? Who's going to do that, I should like to know? Besides, who's to know where you are engaged? It's ridiculous, Helen, to talk like that." __ - _

"But she gave me the name. Dolly Letch- mere, and called her my friend."

"She's probably a fool; most of those fat rich women are. Perhaps someone went to the house, and, besides being a fool, she. thought it had something to do with you, and got this bee in her bonnet. I shouldn't take an/more notice of it." "But it's the sixth time it has happened; and all my typing work has gone as well, or nearly all, and without any reason. It can't all be just chance." "There's ups and downs with us all; and mostly downs for people like us," was the characteristically gloomy reply. "I'll go round to every one of the others this afternoon and try to get to the bottom of it. I shan't take this lying down. I can't afford to, indeed." She spent the whole afternoon in making the inquiries; but returned home without having found out anything. In every case she had been refused an interview. Not con- tent with this, she wrote to each of the ladies, setting out the facts and asking why the en- gagements had been cancelled. But no result followed, and her spirits suffered in consequence. And the following evening Mary Petreott had a surprise for her. "I shouldn't let it worry me, Helen," she said when they were discussing the matter. "You're going to marry Mr. Trevellock, and you can afford to laugh at all this." "Would you laugh if you found your work slipping sway in this fashion?" "I should if I was going to be married; but speaking of work, I think I've got some- thing at last. It's in the country. Just as well, as you're going away." "You haven't told me anything about it, dear. I am glad." "I didn't say anything because you were worried, and this wasn't certain;" and she went on to describe what the position wee she had obtained. "I shan't have to go be- fore you're married, I think. You have made up your mind to marry, haven't you?" Helen sighed. "I don't know what to do," she said. "Oh, now, isn't that stupid of me," ex. claimed Mary. "This telegram came for you while you were out, and thinking it might be important or something I could do for you, I opened it." "It's all right," said Helen with a smile. It was from Bulmer to say that he was coming to town on the following day, and mast see Helen the first thing. "We know what it means," laughed her friend. "It's a good thing that I got as engagement in time, eh?" The thought of seeing her lover brought a look of happiness to Helen's face. "I am almost afraid of making the deci- sion, Mary," she said. "I shouldn't hesitate if I had the chance; but nobody wants a wizened-faced little beset like me." "I shall quarrel with you if you call your. self names like that, Mary. You're the only friend I have in London," and she bent across and kissed her. "Shall you worry Mr. Trevellock with all this Mrs. Chancellor business and the rest of it. Helen?" asked Mary after a pause. "I don't know. I shall see. I'm very full of it just now ; but, as you say, it might worry him; and if I--if Ido deride as he wishes, it tv.,,uldn't do ant good.'l

bet' coutdu t du anything either, euidti

"No. It seems that no one can do any. thing." Satisfied with this answer, Mary Peseott said no more about it. . .

When Bnlmer came in the morning, Helen saw at once that he was worried; and the cause soon came out.

"I have some news, and for the life of me I don't know whether you'll be glad or sorry to hear it; but I know beastly well that I'm sorry." "Tell " "I'm afraid you're going to get your own way after all, unless we make our minds to take a double risk." . . . . .

"That isn't telling me much," she laughed. "It's about our marriage, dearie. I had letter from that fellow Burrell, and he says that he forgot to tell Inc that one of the con- ditions of the appointment was that the man getting it must he unmarried. lie says that the place isn't fit for a decent Englishwoman to go to, and that he prefers to have a man with no ties of any sort. I think it's a fool of a reason, and the man must be an ass. I haven't answered him yet. I oame up to see you first, of course. I'm ready enough to take the risk of marrying all the same, if you are; or I'll chuck the whole thing and look for something else." "You mustn't do that, Bulmer, mustn't do either for my sake. I think I am rather re• lieved to hear it, I was no puzzled what to "Hadn't you made up your mind then?" ho asked with a quick glance. "Don't ask inconvenient questions, sir," she laughed. "I'm quite content to wait. And just think what a delightful prospect there will be to look forward to. You'll go out there and do well, and rush things into order for this Mr. Burrell; and then you'll come home and ----" _ . . .

He caught her round the waist and drew 11.. q, to him. "I shall be working for the dearest little woman in the world, shb'll be waiting here - —" "Counting the days till you return," she put in, "and living in suet': hope---" At that point the talk became somewhat in articulate, with intervals such as only lovers understlnd. . . .

When it was over at last, and Helen had laughingly smoothed her hair, Bulmer said : "Are, you busy to-day, or can you come on th, river?" _ . .

"I have nothing at all to do to-day," she declared.

-"Tii-e; we'll do it together," be cried gladly. "Get your hat and a wrap and we'll be off." . .

As she was getting ready Ilelen eon. siderA whether she should tell him her

troulLes; and a remark he made as they were leaving the house, decided her not to do so. "I didn't expect such luck as this. You're generally no full up with work. But it's a b using, too. If I didn't know that you were doing well here, and would be able to wait for my return in comparative comfort, wild horses wouldn't make me leave you behind, Helen." . _ .

"I have not been quite so busy lately, but I soon shall be again," she answered with a smile. And she ass glad that she had not spoken. Nothing must be allowed to inter- fere with his accepting the chance which had offered. Their whole future might depend upon that. The thought held her silent for a while, and he rallied her, asking jokingly what her thoughts were. "Of the lovely day we are going to have together, Bulmer. Perhaps the last for ever so long," she said ruefully. "But I shan't let the time seem long." "You face the parting more cheerfully than I can," he replied, with a shake of his bead.

"I shall fix my thoughts on your return, _

They talked first of his journey; and he told her all he knew of the work he would have to do; and late in the afternoon, when they were again speaking of America, she began to tell him of her own life in the States; her childish recollections of her mother; her years with her relatives in Mas- sachusetts; and then of what she had heard from her mother's relations about her father;

... - "I am afraid he must have been a very bad man, Bulmer—bad, even for the west of America at that period. His desertion of us was cruel enough, but I'm afraid that wasn't by any means the worst thing he ever did." "It doesn't trouble me, Helen; and I shouldn't let it worry you." But it seems almost uncanny to have to think of one's father as bad. You'd feel as I do if you could imagine Sir Gregory any. thing but the soul of honour. Ata my Aunt Deborah used to say that Powell of the Black Gulch, as he was called, was one of the worst men in Montana. But, Of course, she was prejudiced, for my dear mother's sake. And mother was one of the whitest women that ever lived." "What name did .you say! Powell?"

"I declare I forgot I had never told you that my real name is Powell. I told Sir Gregory when I was at the Chase, and I asked him to tell you. I suppose he forgot it, and I never thought to ask you." and she explain on to expla how she had taken her mother's name.

"My father, certainly, never told me; but he was right that it didn't matter. It isn't your name I care about, sweetheart, it's yourself. Did you ever change it legally?" "Not that I know of. My mother took her family's name to prevent her ever being found by my father. But there was never much fear of that, I should think. Massa- chusetts is too far from Montana to have made that likely." "By jove, I say, there's a singular thing. mMy father u i insist have been out n Montana about that time. He was there as a young man, you know; years before he came into the Chase, of course; and his name then was Powell. I wonder if he ever heard anything of your father? I'll ask him when get home. Are you cold, child?" he broke off suddenly, seeing her start and shiver. "No. It's nothing," she answered in some confusion. "Yet I did shiver, didu't I? I—l am always troubled when I think of my father."

Then we won't think of him any more.

I'll pull over into the sunlight. You are looking quite pale. I'm sure you are cold. And you're looking as cad as if we had to say good-bye now. "I'm all right again now," she replied, with a smile. "Hullo, look at those idiots in that boat ever there. They'll be in the river in a minute; fooling about in that rotten fashion." In this way his attention was distracted from Helen, and the talk turned afterwards into other channels. She was very thoughtful for the rest of the day. She told Bulmer it was because they were to part so soon, and he tried to cheer her up. But the remembrance of that scene with Sir Gregory at the Chase was strong in her thoughts all the evening, and a horrible fear which she dared not put in definite shape even to herself had been roused by the after- noon's conversation. "Can there have been two Gregory Powells in Montana at the same time, both English? If not—" the unspoken alterna- tive kept her awake all the long night., (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19111111_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
MMIENOMMINNI=IIIIIII..I t

PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

A good all round programme of which the marked variety of turns is a prominent feature, is to be witnessed this week. the four Vagabonds are a unique quartette of comedians whose harmonious songs, interspersed with bursts of humour establish them as I warm favourites, the presenting of Sergeant's cele- brated song" Blow, blow thou winter wind " in a version of their own, earning warm approval. Burt Shepard, who pay a welcome return visit, has a new selection of "Potted Poetry," while his song on our " sufferings" through the Budget:creates a great deal of mirth. " A man and a woman " lathe title of • dramatic episode which is well portrayed by Marie McAuley and %%gold Lawrence. The scene is the drawing-room of Lawrence's house to which place the lady has beenhumnrmed by a letter' from Lawrence, who is an en convict. In the letter he demands a large sum of money to buy his silence, she having married a wealthy lord and from whom she wishes to wnh-hold certain secrets. The lady, however, comes with a determination to refuse the money and in this she is successful. Becoming faint, however, she aaks for a drink of water, and Lawrence, seizing the oppor- tunity, pours oat • deadly poison, which she drinks. Upon her refusal to grant him any money he endeavours to take her jewels by force, but is stabbed in the attempt at the same time as the eeadly poison performs its work. Wallace Whitney scores a great success as a comedian especially in his song descriptive of his genius as a football player. Ihe Wonderful Alberto Troupe, composed of three ladies and a gentlemen, perform • number of daring gymnastic acts„ while as ermill- hrista the equal if the ladies has yet to be witnessed at this house, by members of their sex. The Yankee stories of George F. Hall called f r an abundance of hilarity while the "ventriloquism "of Kenny Kay is well mil:Toned by his "doll," who, much to the audience's surprise at the clam of tire turn, turns out to be a "chit" no longer. Beattie Foster as a comedienne and chorus vocalist, and Maud Esmond as • singer of clroms songs, els, provide a couple of pleaeing turns.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
" WANTED, A DIA':OR !"

Although the Stockport Tories made frantic *forts on Tuesday to secure. Mayor for election on Thursday, inquiries reads late in the evening proved that they hal been unsuccessful. During the morning large posters bearing the words : " %Vented, • Mayor ! " were placed on either side of the entrance gates to the Mansion House, the psrty's headquerters, and remained there for some time barers the joke, wbich quickly became the talk of the town, was discovered.

Charged it Durham Ansi4es on Ttiee•lay aidh the reorder of her chihl at Soo,b Moor, gel 17, gr. acinitted.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
, . . u: DisTRKT riEws ;- j ~,,._.• _. _. „....,,, .. ._

Padgate.

WESLEY monthly devotional meeting of the Wesley Guild ass held oi, Monday evening. There was a good attendance to hear Mr. Holland of the Bold-street Guild, who yoke on the subject, "Christianity is Christ. Mr W E Pliuston presided and voiced the thanks of the Padget° members to the speaker. Misa Bertha London rang a solo the music of which ens composed by her sister, Miss D. London. On Wednesday evening Miss Dewar. addressed the members of the Junior Guild. The subject was "The Children of Milanesia," and related to Foreign Missionary work. Hearty cheers were given for the lecturer at the close of the meeting. NEW FOOTBALL CLUB.—For come time peat it hen been felt desirable to form a Football Club, more eipreaSly—it not exclusively—for the youths of the immediate locality. With this purpose in view a meeting was held on Monday evening and resulted in the inauguration of "The Fearnhead Villa A.F.C." It was decided to make special efforts to commence and maintain this new venture at a high level of respect- ability and efficiency, and the hope was strongly urged that only those likely to do credit to themselvos and the club should be admitted as members. The appeal for subscriptions hes no for been generously responded to, and £5 has already teen contributed. Those wishful to help, ehould communicate with Mr. J. A. Houghton or with Mr. Clarence Parry, both of Fearuhead, who are re-pectively the treasurer and secretary. The Rev. G. W. Dickinson, vicar of the parish hes sigeitied bin willingness to accept the office of President.

Loi AL WEDDING.—Tbe marriage was solemnized at Christ Church, Padgate, on Saturday, of Mr. Frederick Thomas Young, of Loetock Gralam, and Mien Emily Bennett, daughter of the late Mr. Richard Bennett, Fearnhesd. 'the Rev. OW. Dickinson (vicar) officiated. The bride, who was given Reny by her brother (Mr. John Bennett), was attended by Mies Alice Bennett as bridesmaid. Mr. W. Woodward discharged the &ties of best Iran. The reception was held at the house of the bride's mother at Fearnhead. The happy couple were the recipients of many presents, including a kitchen clock presented to the bride by her fellow officials at the Padgate Cottaga Homes.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
Penketh.

LANTERN LECTt ItO A-17 -S-T: —MARY'S it lON—On Friday of last week the Rev J R Jones (vicar) gave a lecture at the &bon, Mission Church, entitled "Cologne and up the Rhine tol Lake Constaace."—The Lecturer gave some very interesting views of places be •isited during his holiday tour, and the congregation were very attentive as each place was expinined, and appreciated the lecture to the full.—Mr. Woodward, as usual, manipulated the lantern.—This was the first of a series of lectures that will be given during the winter months.

ROM:FRY AT PENKETH CO-OPERATIVE STORES.— Earl. ill the morning of Saturday Mat the above premises were entered by a thief or thieves. During the day an Irishman was arrested on suspicion of beirg concerned in the theft but when brought before Mr F A Frost at the Occasional Court on Monday the charge against him was dismissed. CONCERT AT THE WFSLEYAN SCHOOL.—Tne Bewsey- road Choir and Wesley Guild stated Penketh on Thursday evening and gave a concert in the Wesleyan schoolroom, which was provided over by Mr J T Ambler. There was a large attendance. The choir rendered numerous items under the conductorship of Mr. W. Hipkiss, including part songs, quartettes, atc. Solos were given by Mr. T Maskill and Miss Hipkisa. The concert was of a high-class character and was greatly appreciated. A vote of thanks, proposed by Mrs Dodds and seconded by Mrs Dodds and carried with acclamation. Refreshments were provided by the Penketh friends, and a very enjoyable evening was spen I.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Moore.

TASTERS LECITRE.—In connection with the Wesley Guild a very interesting lecture was von by Mr. H. Holloway, of Warrington, entitled " Camp Life." The lecture dealt with life in the Summer Camp of the local ferritorials and was illustrated with a large selection of excellent slides, depicting many phases of "Camp life." Mr. H. H. Meldrum presided and at the close a very hi arty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Holloway. Mr. F. Wilkinson ably manipulated the lantern.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
CITIZEN SUNDAY AT LYMM.

What has of late years come tote known as "Citizen Sunday" was observed on Sunday, when the annual service promoted by the executive of the Lymm Trades- men's Association was held at the Parish Church. Reprexentatires of all claws and denominations were present. The procession, which started from the Cross, was headed by the Lymm Subscription Band and the police under the direction of Sergeant Washington. The route taken was Eagle-brow, Booths-hill and Brookfield. Among those present at the church were Colonel Legb. the Honourable John E Cross, Mr Alfred Watkin, and Mr W Peter Ryland, (county magistrates ; members of the Lymm Urban Council, Messrs 0 0 Smith (chairman), Thomas Warburton (vice-chairman), W G Groves, S Davies, R H Gotobed, Frederick Lockyer, J Hardy Holt, Dr E DI de Jong (medical officer), D Mort (surveyor), W L Donaldson, (gas manager) ; members of the Tradesmen's Associa- tion, Messrs F E Evans (president), D Daniels (bon secretary), W S Hodgson (hors treasurer), WE Hillier, A B Richardson J Hatton, W Besgick, J Rogerson, H S Brown and J W Gibbon ; members of the Manchester Unity of Oddfellowe, Messrs P Lester (grand master), Herbert Whitelegg (deputy grand master and secretary of Lymm Lodge), F Webster (Ca), John Whitlow (tressumr), R Brooke, F Holt, it Chorlton, Proffit, W Holt (secretary Foresters) and F Druce ; the Eleatley Boy Scouts under the direction of Messrs T Nash, Webb, Jun. and Kay ; the High Legh Boy Scouts, under the care of Messrs C W Surridge Harold Melrose; the members of the Lycum Fire Brigade. The service was opened with the processional hymn, "Onward, Christian Soldiers," and the National Anthem The service was taken by the Rev Ci B Thurston, rector of Lymm, and the Rev Horace Gray, headmaster of the Warrington Grammar School, and the lesson was read by the Rev E P Wethered, rector. of St. Peter's, Ought, ingtcn. The special preacher was the Rev J H

r Thorpe, vicar of St. George's, Stockport, a hose tent was" Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God." He said be was sorry to say that there was spreading throughout England an indifference to religion and attendance at the House of God. It was not only in the Church of England, but in every religious body. What were the causes which lead men to neglect God? Some men abandoned God for the making of money. Their creed was " mate money honestly if possible, but make it." Sunday labour was another thing which prevented men from attending a place of worship. He earnestly implored all employers of labour present to do without all unnecessary Sunday labour and see that the day of God's rest was observed. Another reason for the falling off of religious worship was the mistakes made by religious reople themselves. So much bad been made of preaching that it inverted the true order of things. A sermon was not a kind of entertainment Preaching was of no use unless it touched the conscience end made people serve God better. It was a very serious thing that one of the reasons why men did not attend church was that they had persuaded themselves thst religion and morality were not one. Men might have a very fine code of morality and yet not be Christians. The morality of many Mohammedans put some so called Christians to shame, judged by the kind of lives they lived. Real religion gave men health and strength to resist those things wkich were wicked. One of the great reasons for public worship was the law of association. Voltaire, a very clever man, said if only they could destroy Sunday they could soon destroy the Christian religion. The gathering together of men and women in the house of God was one of the things which upheld religion. They should not forget Christ's promise that " where two or three are gathered together in His name He would grant their requests." The assemblies in the house of God were but rehearsals for the future life.

ilk t. I .- - - 7-........ 1:\ 4---Th. IL ' li ..„4411TYstri. ~ -nr.--P,_.__, „ . 4r.. 'T' ' auqcoNs ..... - - labh, ~. ' . .• . ~ - 4 • 't°,t t, 1"" , ' * , , .44.f' . ' ,k, ''' t '''....• ' #1 ‘ II 4 z- -...1s c.,6,4„, iis voo ~ I , 1 - I._l- .:‘• • ' , . 10 ° ",.. ... ~, °t t

CITIZEN SUNDAY AT LM.-THE PRO( PARISH I

Photo Ardent ESSION LEAVING THE CROSS FOR THE CHURCH.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Lymm.

LI NIM LODGE 1529 R.A.0.8.—A smoking concert was bet d on Monday evening in the Fleese Hotel, about fifty members of the above being present. Primo Hen itt occupied the chair. Sorg s were rendered by Bros. F Owen, W Critchley, Hoggarth, Scott, Joynt, F Hatton, several of them being encored. The accom- panitt was Mr W Pemberton. A letter was read from Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., C.V 0.. wishing the Lodge success. Primo Hewitt dealt with the lent fits to be gained from the associations with Bußsloism.

CONGREGATIONAL CHRISTIAN SERVICE BANTL—A good number attended this meeting on Monday evening. The address was given by Mr J II Holt, his sabject being taken from Jacob's dream," Surely Ood join this place and I knew it not." A solo was rendered by Mr. Sydney Miller" Draw me nearer," in a most excellent manner. Miss E Moores pri sided. The meeting con- cluded with short prayers from various members.

WESLIY GUILD —The meeting in connection with the above was held on Monday evening in Um Wesleyan ichoolroom. An interesting paper wan given by Mr. Sydney Lintey on the great curse oi the ace, " Drinh," Miss C, Elliott presided,

===== 0002601_19111111_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath. PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.

The monthly meeting of the Parochial Committee was held at the Hall Cafe on Thursday (writing when the following members were present :—Meat J H Clarke (chairmen), J Whitly, F Pearson, W Mclntyre, I, Rose, J Hallows, C Hallows, J McDermid, CI F Ashton (clerk), rut J Swinton (surveyor).

THE B;n3TION or ELECT6RETT. THE DEMAND TO DECIDE.

A lengthy discussion took place on the question of the proposed substitution of the gas lighting of the village by electricity. It was eventually decided, on the motion of Mr. McDermid, that s circular should he sent to every house in the parish, stating that as the Council had unani- mously recognised the advantages of a public supply of electricity in the district, they bad approached the Mesey Power Co., Ltd, who had Parliamentary powers authorising them to eupply a current in the Rural District of Runcorn under the Electric Lighting Acts, with a view to asking them to Extend their mbins in that neighbourhood at an early date. The extension was at present under considered,- n and the mains would be laid if sufficient demand for power and lighting was received. The circular sets fort: the proposed charges for the electricity, power and lighting. It states that at the rate of 4d. a sixteen candle power lamp to bum for fifty hours could be qbtained, while a twenty-fire candle power lamp for thirty hours and a thirty-two

candle cower lamp for twenty-ere boom, could be obtained at a aimilar rate.

_ Mr. Rose slid that the circular did not draw any comparison betvre(n the cost of gas nod electricity. Mr. McDermid : I don't think it is advisable to draw comparisons. . .

Mr. Hallows also held t his view, stating that they did not want to cause any friction in Warrington.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Lower Walton.

DEATH OF MR6. B. TVRER.—Many of our readers sill regret to hear of the death of Mrs B Tyrar, of Rose Cottage. Ellesmere-road, wife of Mr B Tyrer, the well-known Warrington pawnbroker. Two months ago the deceased lady was confined to her bed, having con- tracted an influenza cold. Other ailments subsequently developed, and upon the advice of Dr Feiguson and a specializt, an operation was performed on the 29th ultimo. This was successfu'ly carried out ; but, later on, zhe gradually sank and passed peacefully away on the •3rd instant. Her death is deeply regretted hy relatives and a large circle of friends. She was a native yf Silo, near Slancliva'vr.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
• MINIATURE RIFLE SHOOTING. RYLANDS BROS. V. WHITECRO.SS CO. LTD.

Conditions, 10 shots each at 25 Tards open military sights. .75

RT LANDS BROS. LTD.

.AVH!TEC.ROSS CO. LTD,

.1 Oteuoa

7+J Eckersley

S Baldry 11 B 13ete _ 69

P Kirkbam 3 Spoocer 52 A Cook 69 R Littlowood S Oddy It Lambert 42 H &Mei 65 C Price H Wood 25 El James 62 C Baldry ll J Minabull 5B D Houghton ll D Poole

513 675 Highest ten to count. Whitecross won by 162.

L. 8: N.-W. INCREASES AT EARLESTOWN. About 300 labourers at the London end North- Western Railway Company's waggon works at Earlestown have received an increase in wages from 1.95. to El per week. They received the extra shilling yesterday, and this is one of rho concessions recently granted. A rhort time ago nearly all the labourers presented a petition, and the superintendent placed it before the directors.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

DOMESTIC TRAGEDY.

An inquest was held by Coroner S. Brighouse, at Widnes, on Saturday, on Elizabeth Wailing,aged thirty- flee, wife of Richard Wailing, of 134, Milton-road, Widnea. The hnsband said a letter (produced) was in his wife's handwriting. She had been in poor health. At Christmas lest she had • stroke of paralysis, but eight weeks ago she seemed to improve. On Tuesday last she ~out out and was not again seen alive. On Thursday her body was recovered from the Widnes and St. Helens Canal. In a note which was read to the jury, the deceased praised her husband and mother, but complained of Spain in her bead. The coroner and jury expresaed sympathy with the husband and mother, and the jury returned a verdict of " Suicide whilst of unsound mind."

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. At the usual meeting on Tuesday, Mr. J. S. Spruce presiding, the clerk reported having received statistics of poor law relief throughout England and Wales. The percentage throughout the country was 26 per 1,000 and in the Runcorn district 157 per I,OOQ, which was highly satisfactory. In reply to Mr. Linaker, jun., the Clerk said it was impossible to compare this year with past years because of the effect of old age pensions.

AIATTES,

It was decided that the usted Christmas fare for the Inmates and officers be provided. Thanks were tendered to Mrs. Howird of Orchard Croft, He!shy. for gifts of toys and flowers; and to Mrs. Selby of Frodsbam, for gifts of provisions. The resignation of Nurse Cooke was reported and it was decided to advertise for applicants. It was reported that the number of inmates was 204, the largest number for many years ; 74 vagrants had been relieved during the pest year. RUNCORN RURAL COUNCIL.

At Dutton on Tuesday, Mr. T. Wright presiding. The Local Government Board wrote with reference to Dr Adams, the medical officer, having omitted to forward them statistics of cases of infectious diseases in the CoucciTs district in time for inclusion in their weekly return. In the six weeks ending October 21st be Ind omitted three times to provide the returns and they as‘md the Council to obtain a written explanation from him and to forward it with their observation. . .

Dr. Adams produced his written reply which expressed his great regret for any inconvenience caused and his aesortince that it would not occur again. He explained that he had been taking his holidays in week- ends during the year and that bad led him to overlook the matter. He bad now arranged a method which would work automatically. He RIO not the rnly culprit by any means as the return showed innumerable omissions.

LAND ENCLOSURE,

The County -Council reported that they proposed appointing a special sub-committee to consider the matter for the encloswe of some land at the junction of the Keckwick and Preston Rrook-road with the Moore main road by Sir Richard Brooke's agents. As the Council were interested in one of the roads they suggested they should send representatives. The Clerk said the Serves or had attended the meet- ing which had bees held on Monday, end the Council had undertaken to forward him plans showing exactly what it was proposed to do.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
DISINFECTION OF STOCKTON TTEATH SCHOOL.

The Medical Officer reported that Grappenhall and StnAton Heath 6chool had been closed owing to an etidmic of measles.

Mr. Farrington (sanitary inspector) Fetid that the dis- infection of schools on account of measles, which Wllll not a notifiable disease, was a waste of money. In this case it would take a man a whole week to do the work properly, and there ought to be proper remunera- tion. . . .

The Clerk raid the County Medical Officer had instructed him to have the work done..

Mr. Farrington: I don't object to doing it, but don't be surprised when the Bill comes in. . . .

. - Mr. Linakar, junr. : We are not surprised at anything u these days.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ST. HELENS AND C.M.S. £760 CONTRIBUTED.

The yearly public meeting of the St. Helens auxiliary of the Church Missionary Society was held on Monday night at the Town Hall. The Rev. Albert Baines, vicar of St. Helens, presided, being supported by a large number of local clergy and several missionaries. The yearly atatement was prerented by Mr. Hugh Gamble (hon. treasurer). The auxiliary, he said, had sent ep considerably more than the previous year, but that was not owing to the amount collected by the different parishes, but to the sum produced by the children's sale of work. The amount raised by the parish church and its missions was .£4t3, against £523 last year. They had a special collection for the building fund of Mango Cathedral, Uganda, which raised £lO. The young people's missionary sale or work produced .6152, and they cent up a total of £761, against £651 last year. That was an increase of about £7O ; but, said Mr. Gamble, if the work was to be kept up, they must have more subscriptions, for the society last year had a deficit of £36,000, notwithstanding the strictest economy.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL AND RELIGION.

AUSTRALIANS AT A ST. HELENS SERVICE. A large attendance of football officials and supporters assembled on Sunday afternoon at the weekly meeting of the Wesleyan Men's Brotherhood, St. Helens, when Mr. Arthur Bridgett, of the Sunderland team gave an address. Dr. Wilson presided at the ottset, owing to the late a.rrival of Mr. C. H. Ford, manager of the Australian Rugby team, whose journey from Southport was delayed by a motor mishap. Among those also present were Messrs Wilfrid Ellison (St Helens Rocs), A Rudd, J F May, and H S Turtill (St Helens Rugby), II L Kimmins, the Rev Barron Renton and later Messrs , Ford, J H Houghton (secrstary of the Northern Rugby League), and members of the Australian team. Mr. I Travis sang two solos. Dr. Wilson said acme people unfortunately did not care for football, but that was simply because they did not mix with football people or go to see it played.' If more members of the various churches joined in the 1 pursuit, and patronised the matches, they would be bound to exert an influence which could only be for the betterment of a game. Mr. Bridgett gave an interesting address, advising footballers and everyone else to play the game on the only sound basis of honesty, fairness and religion. Mr. C. H. Ford, who arrived late, expressed his admiration for the gathering. In Australia, he said, Sunday was the day on which the people went in for pleasure. That was the first footballers' service he had ever heard of, and, though the colonials regarded themselves as more go ahead than the mother country, he thought they would do well to copy England in that. In Australia they had a Church Union, in con- nection with which all sorts of competitions were run all the year round, and they had in that way got one of the strongest competitions of any he had heard. Perhaps in that respect the mother country might copy them. (Applause). When he got back to Australia, he would be able to tell his friends of what they had done that afternoon, and see if they could do something to I follow their example.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
" MILLION MORE MEMBERS."

TEMPERANCE MISSION AT Sr. HELENS.

A mission connected with the St.Helens and District Band of Hope and Temperance Union was opened on, Saturday,in the Wind's Pilkington Hall,at the V.M.C.os. The president (Mr. J. B. Liach, J.P.) and Mrs Leach held a reception in the afternoon,including Mr Chandos Wilson. secretary, and Mr. By. Bloom, spent of the Lancashire and Cheshire Band of Hope Unron. Mr. Leach afterwards presided at a public meeting when he stated that the mission was held with the object of furthering the " Million More Members " movement, in which all Banes of Hope. Sunday schools scd Christian sesociations should assist. It bad come to be recognised .that erre of the most vital and important questions in our national life was the upbringing and protection of the children. The people all realised that every child was an asset to the nation and must be regarded end treated as such. But in addition to its commercial value, the child had en immortkl scut, and their efferts were to save the child for the best purposes of the nation's life, and to see to it that at the end it should leave the world better for its life and work. The King and Queen were patrons of that mission, and swished them every success in the work.ln St. Helens they had a splendid army of Band of Hope workers, and he was sure they would take their full share in promoting the success of the work. Addresses were also given by Messrs Wilson and Elinor, and the Rave. W. H. Jeffries, B. Fell, and W. Holroyd.

LORD NEWT ON AND CANADIAN SENTIMENTS Speaking at a Conservative conference in Manchester on Satcrday, Lord Newton said he had only just returned from Canada, and was there when the election took place. One reason for the result was the undoubted fear on the part of the Canadians of being eventually annexed by the United States. Another reason was that there was a keen desire on the part of the vast majority of Canadians to maintain the Imperial connection. That sentiment really had a great deal to ,do with the rt suit of the election. A third reason was that the Canadians were determined to have nothing whatever to do with anything epprosching Free Trade. They had observed too closely some of the results of Free Trade in this country. The Canadian election constituted about the biggest sell " which had ever taken place in the biltory of international politics. In the first place it was a gigantic " sell," for the American politicians, who thought they were exploiting the circumstances for their own advantage ; and in the second place it was an even greater " sell " for the British Covernment, because that Government, what- ever they might say, took part in that election and did their best, perhaps not openly but behind the scenes, to further the Reciprocity agitation.

COLLECTING FOR HER SALARY. At the Borough Police Court, on Tuesday, Ruth Millar, of 7, Bartlett-street, Wavertree, Liverpiol, wan remanded on bail in connection with a charge of collect- ing charitable contributiots by false pretences. Mr. Forshaw, inn., defended. The Chief Constable (Mr. M. Nicholls) said the woman came to Warrington on Monday from Liverpool, Her first call was on a number of railway clerks at the , Cheshire Lines Station from whom she obtained small sums of money on the representation that eh*, was a collector for the Home for Destitute Children at Tuebrook. She afterwards called at the office of the Borough Treasurer and imp, i red for Mr. Woodcock. She was interviewed by Mr. G. Timperley, who, after hearing her statement, wilt for Mr. Woodcock. On the return of Mr. Woodcock the woman had decamped. The police station was her next visit, where she interviewed him (the chief-constable). Sh• produced a elm which showed that Inspecter Philipps had given here sub- scription in 1907, and ahe asked for a renewal. He questioned her stout the institution and the donations, whereupon she became very abusive, sod sulnequently admitted that she was not a collector for the home, but was collecting for her salary. He warned her if she con- tinued the practice in Warrington she would hear more about it. On leaving the police station she was watched by Sergeant Stuart, who saw her make several calls upon local shopkeepers. She was afterwards appre- hended. Defendant admitted that for several }ears she had been a collector for the home in question, but owing to her health giving way she was collecting for her salary with the permission of the authorities of the home. _

A remand for seven days was granted, bail being allowed in one surety of £2O. EX-MAYOR AND THE BENCH. -

Before the commencement of the usual bosiness at the Borough Court on Monday, the Mayor stated that that was the last occasion on which Alderman Forshaw would sit as a magistrate, having occupied that posit ion during the past year by virtue of his office as the ex-Mayor. He expressed his regret that such a time had cone but be thanked Alderman Forshsw for the assistance that he had always rendered during his (the Mayor's) term of office. Mr. A. Browne, on behalf of the solicitors, alto expressed regret at Alderman Forshaw's severance from the Bench but at the same time hoped he would soon be enabled to resume magisterial duties by his appoint- men.t.as a justice.. . . . .

Alderman Forshaw said that be had always tried to the best of his ability to execute j entice and maintain truth, while he had occupied that position, and he was only too pleased to be of any assistance.

Borough Police Court. MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Aldermen Forshaw, James Evan!, Smethurst, Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs J W Hayward, S Wright, W Roberto, W Furness, A J Jolley, H Thornton, T Locker, and W T

LICENCE TRANSFERS.—Tbe following transfers of licences were granted by the Bench upon the Chief Constable's statement that satisfactory testimonials were forthcoming : Baths Hotel, Leah-street, from the late Mrs. Gittens to Miss Gittens ; Unicorn Inn, Winwick- road, from Samuel Appleton to Henry Williams : Old Ball Inc. Winwick-street from the late Henry Teens to Frederick Wilkinson. MUSIC LICENCE TOR MESSRS G REESING S.—An , application was made by Mr. William Bibby, on behalf ' of Messrs. Greening!, Bewsey-road, for a dancing and music licence for the Dining Rooms belonging to that works. It was stated that it was exclusively for the benefit of the workpeople of the firm—The police raised no objection, and the application was granted. WIFE AssAtur.—Margaret Hill, 30, Jockev-street, summoned her husband, Edward Hill, for assault on the 3rd Ifinst.—The complainant said that on the night in question the defendant kicked her on the top of the left eye and then struck her with his clenched fist in the right eye.—lnspector Wainwright, of the N.S.P.C.C., said Oat the defendsnt was a "nasty" man when in drink. The c rmplainant was compelled to go out to work to maintain the family.—Defendant was boutd over in the sum of £5, and ordered to pay the coats. TUESDAY.—Before Councillor H, Roberts (in the chair) Messrs. J. Rymer Young, T. Locker and Colonel Edelsten

- EX-SOLDIER'S ALLEGED Dlr.:FT.—James Goodwin,S, Heath-lane, Leigh, wig charged with stealing a pocket knife, the property of some person unknown. Dectective Sergeant Reddington said that while on duty at Market-gate he saw the prisoner, whom he noticed WRS wearing a discharged military suit. He questioned him and he replied that he bad never been in the Army. He afterwards stated that he had served in a number of regiments and that he had lost his dis- charge papers. He was taken to the Police Station and when searched a large pocket knife was found io his possession, lie said he had found it on the road. The case was adjourned for seven days for enquiries to be made as to the ownership of the knife and to prinoner's antecedents.

THURSDAY.—Before Messrs J Rymer Young (in the ..chair), W. Roberta, W T Williams, A J Jolley, J

trpao—i; and bi--Rs-Wen:

NEGLECT OF FAMlLY.—Arthur Britian, of no settled abode, was charged with neglecting to maintain his wife and two children whereby they became chargeable to the Union.—Mr B Shearer said that the prisoner and his family were received into the Workhouse on August 12th, they having come from West Derby. Prisoner eventually obtained employment at Messrs Croslield and Son's, there earning .£t alweek. fie, however, gave that work up upon his own account, and had not worked since.—He was sent to gaol for one month.

FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Aldermen Smethurst and Tinnion, Messrs S Wright, A J Jolley and W Furness.

CONI3IITT XL TO THE Assuis.—Neville Roberts,of DO settled abode, was charged with stealing a pair of boots. one vest, a red silk muffler and a metal watch and chain value in all £1 from the dwelling house of 9, Admiral- street, the property of Matilda Bond.—He plaaded guilty.—The complainant, a widow, said the prisoner came as a lodger, and eventually disappeared with the articles. On inquiry at Hutchinson's Tannery where he told her to go for his wages, she was told that no such man was known.—Prisoner was committed to the Assizes for trial.

n fil the =OU 127

===== 0002601_19111111_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS-COUNTRY RUNNING.

Rs lands Workmen's Recreation Club Harriers bad St. Helens Parieh Church sad St. Helens Recs. Harriers as visitors at Goreey-lane on Saturday last. Trail was laid over a fact course cf about six miles by CA Harding, A Collins and H Rowlinson ; 42 runners followed and a ion through resulted as follows—l, St. Helens Pariah Church: R Hilton 1, J Heston 3, H Atherton 5, J Fillingham 6, H hlowoombe 14, J Roughley 19, 48 points ; 2, Rylands W.R.C.H. : T Rowlinson 4, .1 Thornley 7, Brookes It, A Cotton 10, H Woods 12 J Riley 13,55 points; 3, St. Helens R.H.: W Latham 2, J Swift 8, D butes 11, G Marsh 16, C Shevlan 17, E Anders 18, 72 points. The pace was good over the last two miles 1111 only a few seconds separated the first four, about 150 yards covering the first six. 'Die result suggests that the wiremen are improving. Warrington A.C. had 20 runners out from the institute at Stockton Heath to follow a five mile trail laid by G Wakefield, W J Bradbury, W A Price and T 0 Thomas. C Vose, J Parsonage, Shadwell, ani Siddall held the pack nicely together and several of the novices shaped well ; the season runners warmed it up over the last mile and J Livesey led in from H Plough. To-day's fixture is an inter-club run with West Cheshire Harriers from the latter's headquarters at Stewart Hall, Stewart-road, Higher Tranmere, Birkenhead. This is the first round of ti e Points Competition, and a few points picked up now, before the seniors get in racing trim may be found valualile to some of the juniors. Train leaves Central Station at 1.50 p.m. The West Lancashire Association has decided to hold their the miles novice team race on December 2od from the West Cheshire headquarters. A strict novice definition has been agreei on. Club prizes do not debar competitors, teams of six to run and four to count, are allowed to nominate two reserves, and clubs may enter more than one team, se fees of ss. per team. Competitors must have two Saturday roan before close of entries on Saturday November 23th, the scrutiny meeting will be held on Monday, November 27th. Local novices should note that there is just time to prepare for this event in which two sets of medals will te given to winners and runners up, and in addition a special medal for the first home. Winners of prizes in open events and all races of • similar kind are debarred no beginners have a better chance than usual. Warrington A.C. hold their first evening ran from their new headquarters, near the Football Ground, on Tuesday evening next at 7.15 p.m. prompt. All members are requested to attend.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Bequests for Liverpool Cathedral.

It was announced on Monday at a meeting of the Liverpool Cathedral Committee that further bequests had been made to the Cathedral funds. To the Com- mittee hes been bequeathed £l,OOO for a memorial window of the late Alderman It. C. Gardner, a former Mayor of Liverpool, and £250 for• memorial of the late Mr. Thomas Haigh, cotton broker, whilst under the will of the late Miss Wino: the Committee are con- stituted residuary legatees of the estate. The money now in hand in sufficient for the completion of th• choir, vestries, chapter-house, and Lad, Chapel. According to a financial statement submitted to the meeting, £70,C00 will be required to build the first of the transepts and provide seating accommodation flora congregation of 2,5C0. The Committee approved the designs of the architect Gilbert Scott, for the sculptural ornamentation cf the porch given to the Lady Chapel by the children of the diocese.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by MADE'S PILLS.

FELT NOTHING SINCE!! - 9, Miller Road, Collier's Wood, Merton. Sept. 11th, 1909. Dear Sir—l thank you for the great amount of good I have had since I first bad your excellent Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I went to two hospitals and they told me to have my foot taken off that it was. diseased bone. But I was recommended your pills, no got a bottle, and the Brat two I took, although I had gout very badly, enabled me to sleep well, the first time for seven years. That was thirteen montha ago and I HAVE FELT NOTHING SINCE. Before that time I was continually at home with it, and it is nothing but your famous remedy. Being only a working-man they have been a good friend to me. Again in thanking 'Oll, I remain, your own advertisement, P. HATTER. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, to. led. and Is. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE RAGE, 232, Goawell road,T.ondon. EUNIA.TIC PILLS

===== 0002601_19111111_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.11

===== 0002601_19111111_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
Warning to every woman and every man of to-dayl Scientific researzhes have conclusively prove I. You arc

===== 0002601_19111111_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
CONDEMNED

to lose your hair completely because you suffer from a grave constitutional disorder caused by your presait diet. 2. Even the smallest loss of hair is unnatural and an infallible sign of disease Look at your brush and comfy.

3. Under your present mode of living not only your hair will gradually die off, and nothing can possibly save it, but you will • soon suffer other, more grave disorders. Write to THE SAMSON PUBLISHING Co. (of Great Britain.) IS Groat Russell Street. Loudon, W.C..

-- - enclosing 6./. P. 0., ani ysu receive, Psw Free, this work whkh is revolutionising both hentivpherer. which will shims you hour you should restore your health by impr,ing your present olorle LA living. Write for it without delay. It is a duty towards yourselL Every day On your pre- sent diet aggravates your condition and brings you nearer to the inevitable end.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
JOU VAEXER & CO. M.,

Printers and Bookbinders,

Seise! Strut, WlrTilitoa.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
The RallWaylll3ll and his. Due:

Sir.—The trp 111 do; to arrive at- —station 2.19 pm. on Monday, November Gth-- a blustering, wet and cold day—was met by a young" blood " of a potter who addressed the passengers thus :—'• Get out, all the flecking lot of you " ! and deliberately walked away from the train. Apropos the recent Railway strike and the possibility of another, this young gent will doubtless expect a minimum wege of 275. per week, 14 days holiday per annum with pay, S hours per day etc. etc. One must overlook fires not lighted until well on in the winter at this station—the barest civility, and never an attempt to assist a lady with her luggage—Lot the above remark—well " —Yours

CONTRACTOR.

Councillor Lashford and his Opponent. Sir,— Having noticed a report in two local papers with regard to an utterance saki to have been made by Mr. James Hampson, the Socialist candidate at the recent municipal elections, I should be glad of an opportunity—through your columns—to submit a little evidence. Mr. Lashford, speaking at the Conservative Club, said his opponent had called him a "rogue" s hen ccming down the Town Hall steps. I accompanied Mr. Hampson from inside the Town Hall to Sankey-street. Mr. Lash- ford was nowhere near, never even irr sight to my knowledge. To say my comrade made such an utterance on the steps is an absolute lie. I heartily endorse Mr. Hampson's "bitter out-burst" for I believe it was truth ; at the same time I think it only fair that anything attributed to him as the above should receive denial. I should have thought sufficient falsehood was circulated before the election to have satisfied aryone for at least twelve months,— losses truly,

83, Lythgoes-lane, Warringioo. Bth Novtrober, 1511

ISAAC SHAW,

Honouring a Schoolmaster. Sir, —Through the medium of your valuable columns, let me add my testimony of praise to my old schoolmaster, Mr. John Wright of Daresbury. Through circumstances over which I had no control, (could not be present at the 25th anniversary of Mr. Wright's headmastership of the Daresbury Schools. I should like to give a column of my recollections of Daresbury School and Mr. Wright, but I suppose space will not allow ? I cannot (as rue of Mr. Wright's old scholars) speak too highly cf the man. As a mastt r he was a strict disiplinsrian but underneath his stern discipline there was bidden a kind heart. A fine personality, it was a far keener sting for a scholar to be spoken reprovingly to by his master than even the sting of his cane. (Many of the latter mysterously found their way to the stove.) Only an old scholar dare remind him of these daring deeds, but this is by the way. Personally, his influence has counted for much in my own career. I am often confronted with advice long given by my old master which has always stood me in good stead. It is not my opinion only. but that of many of his old scholars when I say that Mr. Wright is almost revered by them. The same can be said of his good wife, who was always ready to help when needed. Many a scholar has met with practical sympathy at her hands in cases of sickness. My wanneet congratulations go out to Mr. Wright and also to Mrs. Wright, whose influence in Daresbury schools counted for much.— Yours obediently,

C rappenhall.

?I. " 14 1 t teg \ if/ to the tiM EDITOR. 4. -

===== 0002601_19111111_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
GEORGE A. LEACH.

What about the Band?

- - Sir,—Are we to understand by the silence of Mr. B. S. Townroe that be is satisfied with his letter to the "Daily Dispatch" (vhich was reprinted in your valuable men), and that he does not think it worth while to give credit where credit is due? At least, one expected some explanation by him of his seeming neglect of duty. Such "tactics" in time of war may be excused, for we are reminded of the old tag that "all's fair in love and var." Further, we are told by a writer, in last month's number of "The nation in Aims," when describing an attack on "a mythical enemy " :—" The blood coursed through cue quickly then, and the civilizing influences of all the centuries seemed instantly to be dropped as the primeval instinct of ell-preservation asserted itself." But we live in a time of peace and there appears to be no reason why one should be unfair to anyone— even to advance one's own" cause.' Again, in a report of the Parr Hall meeting, in this month's "The "'Cation in Arms." there is not one single word of public thanks to the Band. In fact, the band is ignored absolutely, and credit alone is given to the objects cf the League. Now, sir, I would ask Mr. Townroe to be good enough to answer the following question :—" Does he believe that the Parr Hall would have been racked at 7.15 p.m. for the meeting of the National Service League to commence at 8 p.m., if Crosfields' Band had not been advertised to play? "—Thanking you. yours truly,

EDMUND OSBORNE,

22,1d-atreet. Warrington. November 10th, 1910.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT BILLIARD LEAGUE.

--- - - - PARISH CHURCH INSTITUTE V. OUR LADY'S LATCHFORD..—AA the Pari.Ji Church Institute. &ores : INSTITI:7I. OUR LA DY'S. A Walker U James lOl Rev Father Conroy... 94 R W Marvin B3 J Murphy .1 Leitch F Carman H Es,.us S C Tates W H Harrison

732 Majority for Pariah Church Institute, 114.

JUNIOR CONSERVATIVES V. WALKERS RF.-IN KEY.— These teams met at the Junior Conservative Club on Tharedgy when the visitors met, a strong home combi- nation. Scorn : .111111 OR CONSERVATISM. WALKERS BREWERY. E Blackledge lOO E Rogers B4 J Jolley J Birdsall W Skelhorne NO F Clare J Bete B9 F Mumby lOO T Gorton T Berry 11 Lockett lOO W Wright

===== 0002601_19111111_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
Majority for 6-oservatives, 233.

- - Ho,‘ LEY TANIRRY v. RI LAID, BRO,—This match was played at Hutchinson's Tannery Recreation Club, Howley,on Tuesday evening. A number of keen game' were witnessed. Langley of Ryleinds was in excellent form and soon left kin opponent in arrears. Scores : RN LANDS. HOW LIY. J Sinclair (rapt) lOO R Deakin (rapt) J Leah 11 Eyes T Warb writ W Langley lOO 3 Pritchard A Lawless lOO J Yule 93 G Hamblett 6 Beaman lOO W Parry 79

===== 0002601_19111111_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
Majority for Ryland+, 231.

LIBERAL CLUB V. CATHOLIC CLUB Y.M.S.—These teams met at the Liberal Club on Thursday evening.

Scores :- I.IIIIRAI. CLIIB. C ATHOLIC '1 MS. Councillor lialliwell 57 Councillor 0 T001e... 100 S %sod • 58 F Wylker F hfullery S Uttlismict. lOO T Derkin 54 W 1110cid5..... ..... ........ leo L Miller 57 H Lattembol.....• ..• lOO P Cunningham 57 W Porde,i. lOO P Delaney E A Aphdas ....., • 100 H Cranny

682 Majority for Liberal Club 52.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
"OUR NEW FREEMAN."

HONOURICONFERRED UPON MR ROBERT PIERPOINT

A Chorus of Eulogy—PoLtii

The Freedom of the Borough was conferred noon , Mr. Robert Pierpoint, who for fourteen years repre- ented Watrington in Parliamen., at a special meeting of the Town Council held at the Town Hall on Thurs- day immediately after the election of Mayor. Great interest was taken in the pleasing ceremony, and in addition to a full attendance of members of the Council, there was a large gathering of the public. Prominent townspeople present included Sir Gilbert Greenell, Bart, C.V.O . and Mr. W. Peter Rylands. Mr. Pierpoint, who was accompanied by his wife, was greeted with lend applause on tat irg his seat on the right of the Mayor. The scion bearing the resolution conferring the Freedom upon Mr. Pierpoint uas formally presented by the Mayor. The silver casket, in which the scroll will be encicsed,had not been completed in time for the ceremony, but the casket presented to the late Alder- man James Fairclough on a similar occasion ens brought into requisition. The scroll is illum'nated upon vellum, and is mounted upon silk with ivory roller and silk fringe at foot. The Warrington Arms appear fully coloured , at the head of the address, the mantling running I 'down and forming the border, variety being gained by the introduction of finer detail. A striking feature of the design is the r:chly illuminae miniature showing symbolic figures of Warr;ngton , and " Fame." Warring ou in depicted sea typical . ironworker surrounded by the feature connected , with the town's industry—roll of wire, chains, and , other iron manufactures. This figure is presenting to • '' Fame" a scroll upon which is seen Mr. I'ierpoint's I name. " Fame "is shown as a female figure richly , did, and is crowned with a wreath of laurel. Thrcugh , a window in the miniature is teen a typical view c.f a

blazing furnace. The lettering is plain. distinct end refined and the address is signed by the Mayor and Town Clerk and has the Corporation Seal affixed at the foot.

The wording of the Scroll is as follows: COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. GEORGE WM. JOSEPH, M.D. MAYOR. At a special Meeting of the Council of the County Bcrough of Warrington convened pursuant to the provisions of the Honorary Freedom of Boroughs Act 1885, and held in the Town Hall on Thursday the Pth day of November 1911, it was unanimously resolved that the Honorary Freedom of the Borough be and the same is hereby conferred upon Robert Pierpoint Esq , J.P., of St. Austins, Warrington, and he is hereby admitted to be an Honorary Freeman of tbe Borough in rec-gnition of the eminent services which he has rendered to the Borough. GIVEN under the Common Seal this 9th day of November, 1011. •

===== 0002601_19111111_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
[cal Opponents' Admiration.

themselves—(applause)—and, more than ever he remem- bered, they were making themselves the spakesnaen of every citizen of this good old login. He did not know any proposal emanating from the chair which bad met with, more universal chorus of approval and congratu- lation than the proposal to confer the Freedom upon Mr. Pierpoint. The fact that Mr. Pierpoint was a born Warringtonian gave him a particular and special claim 00 their attention. To him (the speaker) there was nothing quite like that. Mr. Pierpoiat was one of our own, isa was of the blood. That, however, would not in itself he a great recommendation unless it were accompanied by good qualities. Mr. Pierpoint had sustained the honour of the town in ever department of nu' lic service. (Hear, hear.) One feature of his work which appealed to him (Alderman Bennett) more than another was the keen interest he had ts...en in the antiquities of his native town. The history of the statue which adorned the entrance of the Town Hall bad been laboriously traced, with indefatigable industry, by Mr. Pierpoint. On the Museum Com- mittee, of which they hoped he would consent to remain a member, he bed reedtred invaluable services. He had given them many handsome gifts and they bad always felt that the consultations and deliberations of the committee derived greater weight end authority from his 03 mpathy and support. In the highest sphere to which a citizen could attain—the representation of the borough in Parliament—MnPierpoint satisfied even • his bitterest opponents as well as hi, dearest friend-. It was a great thing to feel that he had won the admiration of those who differed from bins politically. (Hear, bear.) Alderman Bennett concluded by quoting a couplet which he considered summed up the varied life and mul.itudincus duVes of Mr. Pierpoint

IN THE TOWN HALL. AFTER THE CEREMONY

NOTICEABLE ON THE TABLE.

Jegen. All the eulogistic things that had been said about Mr. Pierpoiut did not express one half of what he had done for the town. They hoped that when be took the casket to London he would remember his old friends in Warrington, and that be would live long and enjoy all the pleasures of life, for he had done his hest for Warrington and for the Council, whenever they required his help. (Applause). The Council wee very jealous of bestowing the honour of the Freedom and when they did confer it upon anyone, they could be certain it W. deserved. (Heir, bear): " ' .

Alderman JOHN EVANS: as as old Warringtonian, associated himself with the presentation. Mr. Pierpoint and he were about the same age and had known each other all their lives. They did not go to the same school but they met almost everyday and there wan always a cheery word from Robert Pierpoint to John Evans. He (the speaker) did not know of any incident in his public life which had afforded him more satis- faction than that day's ceremony. (Applause.) Councillor HENSFIALL said that as the young member of the Council, he wished to lay his tribute at the feet of Mr. Pierpoint for his unfailing and, one might say at times, unknown courtesy. When be (the speaker) first entered the Council Mr. Pierpoiut gave him a conaiderate, chtery and helpful welcome. He wished to say a word in the name of that " small and obscure sect," is John Bright called it, with which he the sp-aker) was connected. For , many years the friends at Friars' Green bad been I neighbours of Mr. Pierpoint and he had met them with with every conceivable consideration. In every phase and aspect of his life, Mr. Pierpoint was a gentleman. Those priceless characteristics and traditions which they called English and which were not the prerogative or monopoly of any Sec or party, had been embodied and enshrined in the career of Mr. Pierpoint. (Applaure). Councillor ROBERTS said it was a great many years siace he first made Mr. Prerpoines acquaintance. They we)e both proud of the fact that they were Warring- tonians, born "of the blood." "My acquaintance with Mr. Pierfoird," continued Mr. Roberta, " began as big political opponent and in the not particularly happy position of agent for the party which was doing its utmost to prevent him from ever acquiring the position of member for Warrington. (Laughter). Mr. Pierpoint succeeded and, except upon pclitical grounds,and I am very glad we did not. From that time onwards, I have had the privilege of getting more closely in touch and becoming more intimately ccnnected with Mr. Pierpoint, and I am proud to be able to claim him amongst my friends. (Applause On every possible occasion he has been one, and it is only his due that I should admit and state in public how deeply grateful I am to him for the consideration he has shown to me on many occasions when there was no Gall upon him exc-pt his regard for me as a public man and his desire to see justice done." Outside mere party politics, the speaker proceeded, there were a thousand and one dirties which a member of Parliament was called upon to perform and on no single single occasion was it possible for any man to say that in regard to the material interests of the town or of any individual member of the community, had Mr. Pierpoint been wanting in doing all that he possibly could to assist in soy direction where his advioe and assistance bad been sought. The tribote which the Cyuncil was paying to Mr. Pierpoint was finding a response in the hearts not only of all the membe, but of the thousands outside whom they very faintly repre- sented. He felt sure that Mr Pierpoint would take away with him a very warm recollection of those pro- ceedings end that it would be an additional tie between him and the old town. He had the freedom of the Borough—the freedom of entering into every bolus in the Borough. He already and for many years had bad the freedom of the hearts of the people. They sincerely hoped he would and the ways from London to Wsrrington were not long and that they were easy to °owns. (Hear, hear). As for Mrs. Pierpoint--(applause)—from the very first do' she entered the town, she had endeared herself to them all by her charm of manner, by bar I kindly interest and unostentatious charity. (Applause). ' Councillor Roberts concluded by joining heartily and I sincerely in wishing that Mr. and Mrs. Pierpoint might long be spared in health and strength, that they would still continue to go in and out amongst the people of I {Carrington, and that the day was far distant when I their name would cease to be remembered in the town. I (Applause). Councillor TOOLE said the section of the community to which he belonged had not always seen eye to eye with Mr. Pierpoint politically, but they were anxious and sincere in their desire to be identified with ths action of the Corporation in conferring the Freedoil upon him. (Applause). PEM BERTON also joined in the chorus of admiration for Mr. Pierpoint many good qualities and laid spezial stress upon his sympathy for his fellow men. If. (the speaker) had experienced Mr. Pierpoint's kindly Lelp in that direction when he had been in sore trouble and wanted sympathy. He would be ungrateful if he did not remember Mr. Pierpoint's kindness for the rest of his life, and hundreds of other people could say the same. No geotlernan who ever lived in War- rington bad enjoyed the support and good feeling of .11 I classes of the community to quite the same extent as Mr. Pierpoint. He bad carried cut his public work unselfishly, never considering his own private interests and pocket. (Applause). Counclllor BIRTLES said lu had been as closely gon- nected with Mr. Pierpoint es most members of the Council, and perhaps for a looge- period than any of them. He had always noticed one great characteristic of Mr. Pierpoint—that perfect courtesy which became an English gentleman and which was showa towards

everyone who approached him. His (the speaker's) intercowse with Mr. Pierpoint and with his father before him had shown that if any man had the intereste of Warrington et heart Mr. Robert Pierpoint bad. Aldermen SMETHURST, after a friendship with Mr. Pierpoint extending over thirty years, endorsed every- thing that had been said about hie kindliness and many other good qualities. He ale, paid a high tribute to Mr. l'ierpoint's late sister and to his wife. The name of Pierpoint was a historic one in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) When Mr. Pierpoint was for away from War- rington he would be able to say " lam a Freeman of the good old town of Warrington and am loved by those I have left behind." (Applause.) Councillor Asucnorr lstarred to Mr. Pierpoint's courteous consideration for members of all parties and to the efforts he had put forth in the interests of the borough whenever municipal affairs occupied the attention of Parliament. He (the speaker) had never bad a friend for whom he entertained a deeper respect than for Mr. Pierpoint. ,(Applause).

. , The resolution.- was then put to the meeting and carried with unanimity and enthusiasm, the whole company rising and cheering. The Mayor completed the ceremony by formally handing the oroll to Mr. Pierpoint 1112. PIERPOINT'S THANKS.

Mr. ROBERT PIERPOINT, who had a great reception on rising to return thanks, said :—I have had to make many speeches in my time and some of them have been Vf ry difficult indeed, but I apprehend that ' the speech I now have to make is perbape the most difficult I over had to approach in my life. To sit here, as I have done for a considerable time, hearing praises which perhars ought to have been said when I was not present, has been in one way painful, but in another way very, very gratifying. (Hear, hear.) Sir, it cantirt but be a very gratifying thing to a soon to receive the thanks and the kind appreciation of a community in which he is well known, but when that c mmunity is the town in which he was born and Of which his father was the third Mayor, then the gratification is enhanced and the kindnss appears very much greater. I thank you, Mr. Mayor, for having proposed in such courteous and kind Language that this Freedom should be given to me. I have to thank Alderman Tinnion for having seconded that propoeition and all the aldermen and courcillors who have supported it. I thank you all and I may say this for myself—that in the speechee,

Photo Birt • THE CASKET AND SCROLL ARE

perhaps too flattering—(" No, no ")—I hope not much too flattering, which hay, been made to-day, I have seen the consummation of what I made one of my objects while I represented this town in the House of Commons. From the moment that I was returned as Conservative member for Warrington, I made up my mind that courtesy should go as much as possible between party and party in this town—(hear, hear) and that it should make no difference in personal intercourse whether a man belonged to my side or to those who were opposed to me. To-day I have seen the consummation of that, because I have heard speeches made by those who have, as Mr. Roberts very properly said, justifiably opposed me in the past, and I have seen that, at all events, I did something to encourage that friendly feeling in the town which I hope will long continue. (Applause.) It would be difficult for me to thank you sufficiently for what has been done. You have given me a very high honour indeed to-day and I think you may trust me that I shall never disgrace it. (Applause,) You have alluded to the fact that my wife and I are leaving, or have left Warrington. It has been a very great wrench to us to do so. but you have given on some comfort, for when we look at the beautiful casket and read, as we shall read over and over again, this beautifully engrossed address, it will help us, though we shall want no help at all, to remember the old place. (Applause.) I cannot but think -ifl am wrong, please let me nurse my little conceit—that the honour which you have done me to-day is a sort of outgrowth of the feeling that some of the older ones amongst you have for the memory of I my father. I take it that had there been the Freedom of the Borough in his time, he would have been on that honoured list. It did not exist in those days, but I may take it as my own belief which I hug to my heart, that what I have said is true. I take it as a high honour that I should have been allowed to have this given to me. I thank you all for the kindness with which you have spoken of me. I thank you especially for the unanimity with which the resolution has been passed. I thank you for the honour you have done me and, may I add that, standing as I do by the side of the Mayor, the honour I feel it that the Mayoress has graced this room with her presence to-day. I am sure you will excuse me if I speak no na,,re now. It has been a difficult speech to make. I thank you from my heat t. (Loud applause.)

===== 0002601_19111111_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
" And thur he bore without abuse, The grand old name of gentleman."

AN INTERESTING GROUP TAKEN

(App Alderman BOLTON said to bad known Mr. Pierpoit t to long that he larrdly knew when their friendah'p

:-: 41* lto ) 4 * •:, - - . , ... *.; 4 ifi-411945 .. '4lll Aii 0 .4 St: • • de . , 9 ~,‘. t. '4tl I *11% - _ ... ,:im._. 7li#,/,. ti lin‘ , -."-- - 111111 itl '. , t - I : 'II • It , # . •••.' i ' it $ .- • . o , • • ... -

===== 0002601_19111111_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
Q.. W. JOSEPH, Mayor. J. LYON WHITTLE. Town Clerk.

The scroll has been designed and ilitimiu-a-t-e-d—by Mr. Alta Tabor, of St. Ann's Passage, Manchester, upon whom it reflects the greatest credit. The Alit on moved the resolution conferring the Freedom upon Mr. Pierpoint in recognition rf his eminent services to the borough. He said that was a unique occasion as far as he was concerned and he esteemed it an honour to propose the resolution. Mr. Pierpoint was a member of a family which had long been associated with all that is good in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) His grandfather was connected with municipal life and his father was the third Mayor of Warrington. Mr. Robert Pierpoint was the sixth gentleman to represent Warrington in Parliament since 1832, when the town first returned a representa- tive of its own. " I have had the pleasure of some- thing more than an acquaintance with Mr. Pierpoint" continued the Mayor. " I have looked npoia him as a friend for many years. We have had many chats in the old days in the War- ring' on club in Bold-street and I know Mr. Pierpoint to be a thorough gentleman in every sense of the term--(applause)—a scholar, a man who is always ready to do his duty in every phase of life, a man who, above all things, had the welfare of his native town at heart. He represented this town in Parliament for nearly fourteen years and even the intrinsic value of that is a great deal. Apart from the time and the trouble, there is no doubt that the actual xpense is something enormous and one that ought to be repaid, not only in this manner, but in the gratitude of the people of the town. I can a.sure Mr. Pierpoint that he has that gratitude and this scroll will be a memento of the goodwill of the people of Warrington. I have great pleasure in moving this resolution and I sincerely hope that when Mr. Pierpoint looks at Oh+ beautiful scroll and the casket which contains it, he . will think of his own good services to the town of his birth and of the general goodwill of its inhabitants towards him." (Applause.)

Alderman TlN:slots seconded the resolution. He said Mr. Pies-point was a Warrington man and the son of a Warrington man. He had lived amongst them all his life. Born in 1845, he was educated at the Grammar School, afterwards at Eton and Oxford. He was called ! to the bar in 1373, since which time he had been ! actively engaged in furthering the bast interests and ! the good work of every institution and organization in Warrington. (Applause). "He always was and is to-day "continued the alderman " a courteous and fair opponent and a sincere and trus friend. (Applause.) When he represented this borough, he represented no party and no section, once he had been returned. He represented in the highest sense the true interests and welfare of every member of this community. He has also been associated with every good work that has been carried on in this borough. Is all that time he has always preserved that urbane, gentlemanly character for which he is so noted. I bare had the pleasure of meeting him on many occasions, and it was always • joy to have his hsarty hand-shake and cheery smile. Mr. . . . . .

l'ierpoint has always fulfilled to the greatest extent that phrase ' One of nature's noblemen.' (Applause.) consider this recognition of his services by admittanos to the honorary Freedom of the borough is one that he has worked for And which he richly deserves. I can only hope that, as ho hag expressed the intention of ' leaving Warrington, when he is away from the old town the casket and the scroll and the ceremony of to-day will remind him of the many friends he has left behind, and of the greet appreciation in which we hold him. I trust that God will grant him health and true happiness in the eventide of his life and that, as he has risen to popularity and honour, he may continue to live respected and die regretted." (Applause). Alderman Bmisrrr said the poet had told them that mercy blessed the giver as well so the teceiver, and there were tome monicapal ac.ions to which they might apply" a similar sentiment The honour that was being conferred that day was an honour out only to Mr. Pierpoint but to the Council. In honouring him, they were honoring

===== 0002601_19111111_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Socialist Soddy,

In connection with the above society a lecture waa given on Sunday evening at the Socialist Hall. ilderspool. the attendance being exceptionally good and promising well for the aeries of weekly lectures arranged for the winter. Mr. A. Spencer was chair- man, and Mr. Will Hughes, of Manchester, speaker. Subject :—Poverty," Disease and Death—Mr. Hughes gave some startling figures obtained from two districts in Manchester ; one being populated by the working class, the other, the so-called middle class. The striking difference in the number of sufferers and victims, particularly in infantile mortality, showed clearly the great sacrifice of humanity in the densely populated industrial centres. The speaker remarked that the huddling together of the producers of the nation's wealth, in such a way as to make possible such terrible results, was a disgrace to any civilized community. Good housing, fresh air, clothing and pure food were absolutely necessary to every individual to enable them to combat disease,especially consumption. These essentials the workers were denied because of the miserable pittance received in retina for their wearying uil. Mr. Lloyd-Gearge to remedy this, proposed ti tax the worker sevenpenee in the pound. This by some marvellous twist, not yet defined, would bring relief and jiy to all. Such schemes as Mr. Lloyd-George hal recently prop:sell, would make the poverty of the workers more acute, and he, the spesker, failed to see how any intelligent person cou!d believe otherwise.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
A Local Charity.

About eighty of the aged paor participated in the annual distribution of blankets and other comfort, in connection with Tbewlis's Charity, which took place at the office of the Charity Tovestigation Sviety. Bank-street, on Saturday morning. The annual income of the charity amounts to Sol. Among those present at the distribution were the Mayor and Mayorees. Mr. E. A. White and Mrs Harrison.—The Mayor, in an address to the recipients, said it was a very excellent charity, and they ought all to feel very grateful to the late Mr. Thewlis for his generosity. They should also feel grateful to the ladies, and particularly Mrs. Harrison, vrtio had spent theincome so carefully and to the best advantage. Lady Greenall and other ladies contributed money in order to help those who required help. (Applause) —Mr. E A. White proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayor and Mayoras, for attending. and the proposition was carried amidst applause. A few words as to the origin of the charity may be of interest. Mr. Shaw Thewlis. who was the proprietor of the file and tool works known as Thewlis and Griffith, in ifersey-street. by his will directed that .£5Oll should, after the death of his wife, be invested and known as "Thewlis'e Chants" and that the income thereof should annually on tl).;e lit day of November, which was his birthday, be applied in supplying blankets and other comforts to tbe aged poor of the borough of Warrington, without regard to their religious belief. Shortly after the death of Mrs. Thewlis. which took place on the 4th day of February, Itt92, r_.-0q was paid by the trainees appointed by the will to the official trustee of charitable funds. and that sam was invested by the official trustee in the r,nrchase of £513 9a. 7d. 20. per cent. consolidated stock. Th. income from this fund is remitted by the official trustee to the trustee, of the charity in accordance with the terms of the trust.

WA RRINGTON.—PrIatad sad Published by Jorrm WALKER. & CO. (WarringLOS). Ltd., at The Enseeinee Geneiai Printing Works, Beevey-street, and published by them at the sitme place, and slim a&2, Ths riferentirtss Offices, V ictoria-road, WIDNES. 3, Geortge-street. Sr. SILVIS. 3, Market-street, P•orrorrow9. Church-street, RcNcoss. NOVEMBER 111911.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN RIOTS.

Trial of Prisoners at Liverpool Assizes.

The hearing was continued at the Liverpool Assizes, yesterday, tefore Mr. Justice Avory, of the case in which four men are indicted for rioting at Earlestown on August 19th. Their names are Peter M`Mion (25) machine erector ; Richard Appleton (30), driller, Frederick Merritt (49), printer ; and David Halms (52) signalmen. According to the:evidence for the prosecution, there was a strike of railway men at Earleetown on August 19, and on that day three signal-boxes were stoned by en excited crowd, two of the signalmen,in fear of their lives, bad to leave their posts. The engines of two trains were also stoned, and one engine-driver had his face cut. klrfalinn was alleged to have gone to one signalman and said : "We have stood this long enough ; you mast come oat of that." Appleton and Merritt were alleged to have joined in the stone throwing, whilst Reline was said to have shouted to the crowd " Lao on, that's it. Let him have it. Fetch him out." . .

Merritt denied be had ever thriwn atones, bat in cross-examination admitted baying had some drink. Appleton oleo denied throwing anything at the sin:al-box. When the constable spoke to him he raid : " You are mistaken, officer. You never saw me throw anything.' said he took no part in the rioting. Canlitre, I the signalman, was a personal friend, and he went into the cabin to warn him of his danger. Hulme said he had been in the company's service for three years. He acted as a picket, but denied inciting anyone to violence. He was not at IVinwick Junction, and did not shout out to the crowd. Szutence was deferred until to day.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
Grand Opera In London.

The opening is announced on Monday next of Mr. Oscar Hammerstein's winter seamen of grand opera at the London Opera House, Kingsway—.o event in which many visitors to the metropolis from the provinces will be keenly interested. At the inaugural perform- ance on Monday, "QuolN'adis" will be given, and for Wednesday and Friday "William Tell" and "Norma are announced, while "William Tell" and "Quo Vadia" will be repeated at • matinee and an evening performance on Saturday the 1941. This first week's repertoire will wind up with a grand Sunday evening concert on the 19th inst., further announcements of the works to be performed during the ta. aeon's run of 100 performances being awaited with deep interest by all Interested in operatic matters.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
SHAKESPEARE'S HEROINES.

MISS TERRY AT PARR HALL.

Ellen Terry ! What delightful memories are awakened by the writing of me name ! It is over 41 years since the writer first had the felicity of seeing this '' most dear lady" act, and even at that early period of her stage career he was impressed with the wonderful power and charm she displayed— and which milked her out as possessing the characteristic instincts of the really great artist. First impressions are not always to be relied upon to indicate the true bent of the artist's ultimate attain- ments, but there is no doubt in the mind of the writer that in the impersonation of the part he first saw her play, she exhibited all the piquant charm of manner and grace of movement on the stage for which her name has, for a generatiozo, been a symbol. It was in the month of September, in the year 1867 at the Prince's Theatre, Manchester, and the play was Sheridan Knowles's "Hunchback ; " Ellen Terry playing the spirited "Helen" and her sister, Kate Terry (who was then taking her farewell of the stage, prior to her marriage with Mr. Arthur Lewis), the leading character "Julia." So vivid is the writer's recollection of one scene in this play that he can visualise every ur,vement and recall every tone of the voices of these ladies. I Ellen Terrv's statuesque beauty was then " a sight to make an old man young "—her " bounding grace of step," he, "symmetry of mould " gave her an individuality which distingulshed her from all other actresses of her time, and that magnetic influence of .1 her wonderfully sympathetic and appealing voice, together with her sparkling eyes and her unexampled smile, may very truly be said to have captivated all hearts—a style of acting which in its effect upon the auditor was and is unique. On this occasion the "modus" of the piece was the young aspirant, Charles Wyndham, the now famous Sir Charlee— actor and manager. During the many years inter- vening it has been the writer's privilege to see Miss Terry in very many of her famous assutnptions, Ophelia in " Hamlet," Marguerite in " Faust," Olivia, in "Vicar of Wakefield" Beatrice in "Much Ado," and Portia in "Merchant of Venice " being among the most delightful. Miss Terry's lecture was on the " Triumphant Heroines " ef Shakespeare. The revival of old memories by the recital of scenes from " Much ado," "Coriolanns," "As you like it," "Merry 1 Wives," " Merchant of Venice," accompanied by a running comment and analysis of the characters as depicted by Shakespeare was most interesting and afforded real pleasure to the large and appreciative audience assembled in the Parr Hall. Miss Terry exercised all her old fascination and cast the same spell upon her hearers that she has been wont to do any time during her long artistic! career. She simply held them in the hollow of her hand and did what she would with them. To those of us who were able to draw a comparison between her mature powers and the lighter gaiety of her earlier years there was observable a more emphatic and demonstrative expression in many of the familiar passages which gave an impression of formality which in her rendering of the same lines when acting in the plays we had not been conscious of.

The longest and most interesting of her " illustra- , tions " was of " Beatrice " in" Much ado "and her analtsis a this character was most illuminating— whilst the extracts from the scene in which Benedick and Beatrice banter each other—and finally declare their love for one another—were given in the meat exquisitely bewitching manner, quite ler own—for Ellen Terry, like Beatrice was undoubtedly born under a happy star. How her pathetic utterances take hold upon her hearers —the very instant she gets a tear into her voice the lump comes in the throat! All this is only to say that Ellen Terry ml still Ellen Terry:andt hat her personal magnetism is still as great as ever. Over and over again during her reading from her manuscript some little impromptu touch, a remark, a gesture, a look, interrupted our thoughts of the power of the actress to reveal to us the charm of the woman.

Her excerpts from" Coriolanns" and more especially her reading of Faletaff's love-letter from " The Merry Wives of Windsor," showed her more mature() capacity for interpreting the older women in Shakes- peare, whilst her rendering of some of Portia's lines in the trial scene ("Merchant of Venice") reminded the wi iter not so much of Miss Terry herself 30 years ago when he first saw her in this part, as of th 3 great actress who was Miss Terry's earliest instructress—Mrs. Charles Kean, whom the writer had the privilege of seeing as Portia when she was about the same age as Miss Terry is now, and the resemblance between them in the matured period of their lives appeared so him, cn Thursday evening, most striking. The " Mercy " speech was very finely given, though it seemed to be rather a laboured definition of its qualites addressed to the andience, directly, rather than the simple and winning appeal to the heart of the Jew with which Miss Terry acting in the part in years gone by had familiarised us. _ .

Miss Terry had a tremendous welcome when she came on to thecurtained and beflowered platform and a most enthusiastic send-off when she left it. In a few words she thanked the audience for the kindness of her reception on her first visit to Warrington—the name of which for the moment escaped her—the first occasion that the writer has known Miss Terly to require the prompter's help. The recital was given under the auspices of the Warrington Philomathic Society and before Miss Terry appeared,Mr. James Ball, who is the president, gave a short address explaining the origin of the society together with a somewhat humoursoine account of the aims and objects of the society as contrasted I with the distorted notions which he said had gained prevalence in some quarters. He appealed to young men, particularly those who are 'lovers of learning" —though not necessarily 'learned men "—to join the society. The President also made an announcement of a meeting to be Lid at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening next Ur the purpose of forming a Shakespearean Society—the object of which will be the study of the poet's works rather than dramatic representation.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
A. PERRIS.

LOCAL WEDDING.

Peacock—Gardner.

There was a pretty weddina at Levratay-pad Wesleyan Church yesterday when Mr. Peacock, jun., son of Mr. Peter Peacock, West-street, Warrington,. was married to Miss May Rita Gardner. daughter of Mrs. L. Gardner, Newton-le-Willows. The Rev W A Beckett officia.ed. The bride was given away by her brother (Mr Wilbert Gardner). She was attired in a handsome blue cloth gown and large black picture hat, ornamented with feathers, and carried a bouquet of white chrysanthemums and orchids. The brides- maid was Miss Brocklehurat who wore a blue velvet I gown with black picture hat. Her bouquet was also composed of white chrysanthemums and orchids. After the ceremony a reception was held at Atkinson's Cafe and later, amid the hearty c•ugratula- tions of their friends, the happy couple left for Liscard. _

Amongst the numerous presents were :—Bride to Bridegroom, gold ring: Bridegroom to Bride, gold bangle ; Mother of Bride, cheque ; Father and Mother of Bridegroom, cheque: Office staff of Messrs. W. D. Houghton, Ltd.. hand-painted Doultoa tea service and pair of massive ornaments.

===== 0002601_19111111_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
EMPIRE HALL SKATING RINK.

The popularity of this resort increases every week and considering the enterprising efforts of the management to secure up-to-date attractions, this is not to be wondered at. There 11113 a large attendance of rinkers and speetators on Thursday evening when an entertaining programme a the sports. for handsome trophies was gene through. A balloon race f.,r ladies and a half-mile race for gentlemen aroused great interest. The rink is fully justifying its motto " Always merry and bright.- It is open on Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights and on Saturday afternoon. This (Saturday).evening the final for the half-mile championship will be decided.

Furnlshing Problem -Solved.-

===== 0002601_19111111_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
GLOBE

Furnishing Co.

U. R Gawv Prop:le tor ) PEMBROKE u PLACE, iverpool

===== 0002601_19111111_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
(Lemon, Orange and Citron) in lb. and Ilb boxes now ready. OBTAINED FROM ALL GROCERS.

ST. JORN 'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 11TH, 1911 10.45 A.M. AND 610 P.M. PREACHER : REV. J. DAVIDSON (Newton). BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 12m. PREACHER: REV. H. OGDEN. Morning 10.45: "Worship. " Evening 630: "Brewer v. Nation." Wednesday at 8 p.m." Man to Man. " BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER IIER. Morniog 10.30. REV. W. A. BECKETT. Evening 630. REV. H. WILLIAMSON B.A. All Nlelcorue. Hyrse Books provided. BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 12111 PREACHER: REV. J. S. CIIEDBURN. Morning 10 30. Evening 6.0. OFFERTORIES. WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 12:nr, 1911. Morning 10.30. Evening 6.30. PREACHER: STUDENT (Lancashire College). M.A. FOR MEN 3 P.M. BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 12711, 191 L MORNING 10.30 : REV. J. H. PAWLYN. Evnt:co 6.30: REV. W. A. BECKETT. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided. WARMTON LIST HALL, lIISLLERIMELTYR—D. LECTURE BY COUNCILLOR PIIILLIPS, of Manchester TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) EVENING, NOV. Arm, AY 7.30 PROMPT. WARRINIGITSOT NCONTRTAL SOCIE rY PARR HALL, WEDNESDAY Nov. 22ND. MISCELLANEOUS PROGRAMME (Sri large Bills). Plan now open at PEARSON'S, Bridge St., Unreserved tickets at WADSWORTH'S, Sankey St. PRICES SIXPENCE TO FOUR SHILLINGS. LATCHFORD WESLEYAN CHURCH. REV. CHAS. W. POSNETT (Medelr, India). SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12TH, AT 10.45 AND 6. PUBLIC MEETING AND LANTERN LECTURE BY REV. CHAR W. POSNETT, OS MONDAY, _NOVEMBER ?Mt, AT 9 P M. Chairman: J. H. WITHINSHAW, Elq ,J.P.,Penketh. Collections in aid of Foreign Missions. All interested In Missionary Work are cordially invited. ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. Pnomurron : MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM. GENERAL MANAGER: MR. A. H. LOADER. ACTING MANAGER: MR. H. WARBURTON. MONDAY NEXT, Nov. 13th, WALTER MELVILLE'S COMPANY in the New and Original Play, "THE SINS OF LONDON." Time and prices as usual NW Week :-116ory Retinue In "TRILBY." WARRINGTON SHAKESPEARE SOCIETY. The INAUGURAL MEETING will be held In the TORN HALL, by permission of HIS WORSHIP THE MAYOR, who has kindly consented to preside, at 8 p.m., on TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14th. ADDRESSES by PROFESSOR ELTON, and the REV. CANON MORLEY STEVENSON. Musical items under the direction of the Rev. L. J. T. DARWALL. II t: 'farad ars Invited to attend. p ADGA TE WESLEYAN CHURCH. ANNUAL CIRCUIT GUILD FESTIVAL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 12TH. PREACHER: REV. W. B. FITZGER ALD (Connextional Guild Secretary). MORNING 10.30. EvENlvc 6.0. On TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14th at 7.30 p.m. GRAND UNITED RALLY OP CIRCUIT GUILDS. SPEAKER: REV. W. B. FITZGERALD. CHAIRMAN: FRANK A. HARRIS, Esq. Collection at each Service for Guild Council Funds. EMANUEL CHURCH, WARRINGTON. THE ANNUAL SALE OF WORK, Is THE CHURCH INSTITUTE, KNUTSFORD RD., OS WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 19TH, NTH, AND 17TH. THE SALE WILL RE OPENED ON WEDNESDAY, BY COUN. IL lIENSHALL, of Latchford, at 3 p.m. ON THURSDAY, By THE CHILDREN OF THE SUNDAY SCHOOL, at 3 p.m. Os FRIDAY, BY REV. WM. T. JAYE, at 6 p.m. MUSICAL ITEMS AND OTHER ATTRACTIONS ADMISSION :—Firet day, 6d. Second day, 6d. till 6 p.m., lifter 6 p.m. 3d. Third day, 3d. Season Ticket, Is.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME. 70.—TWICE NIGHTLY-9.0. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13m. FLORRIE FORDE THE GREATEST OF ALL CHORUS SINGERS. THE HIPPODROME PERFECTION PICTURES. LES FANSETTES in Terpsichorean Act. FRED WARD, Comedian. TOM JONES, The Whimsical Welshman. THE RONNIES, Jugglers and Equilibrists. BERT CASTLE, Popular Light Comedian. OTTO AND OLGA IN THEIR FAMOUS COMEDY MUSICAL ACT. Gallery, 2d.; Pit, 4d,; Grand Circle, 6d.; Stalls, la. EMPIRE HALL SKATING RINK. EVERY MONDAY, THURSDAY, AND SATURDAY NIGHTS, AND SATURDAY AFTERNOON 2TO 5. . SATURDAY, NOVEMBER noir, FINAL HALF-MILE CHAMPIONSHIP 8.45 P.N. ALWAYS MERRY AND BRIGHT. _ AIRCOMBINGS I made up xi- per or. 111 COVERLET TB I TAILS OF FROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE 5/6 FRom 316 RACR. I HAIR. I T. S. BROWN, 3,2IEACREPL3L(CAR STATION), rrillE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON ie prepared to receive loans, either at nix months notice or for a term of years.—Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warringr on.

CI H. DAWSON, Teacher of Musk—Schools visited, fprcial course to. School Teachers, Elementary and Advanced, Sight Singing, Ear Trigging, Tonic Sol's, Solo Singing. Pupils prepared for mOl L.R.A.M. in Pianoforte Playing. Recent SUCCANS. BOTELER GRAMMAR SCHOOL, WARRINGTON. The BEAD MASTER is open to receive applications front gentlemen who p 'mess the necessary qunlillcationa to undertake the teaching of Shor: hand (Pitman) to a class which into be formed at li,. above school. The chess will be held at the School on the after- noons of Tuesday and Friday during the school term at 4.30 pm. /TIRE WARRINGTON MUSEUM COMMITTEE beg to announce that the follosing POPULAR LECTURES will be delivered, under the auspices of the Ogden Trustee', by HENRY CADNESS, Esq., Saturday, November li, "BOOK PICTURES AND PICTURE BOOKS "Saturday, November 18, " THE CRAFTSMAN AND HIS WORK." Lantern Illustra- tions. At the Masonic Ball, Bold St., at 7.30 p.m. Admission Foe.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. TO TAILORS HATTERS, The Paving and Sewerage Committee of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive Tenders for 36 Scavengers Slope, end 36 Scavengers flats. Samples may be seen, and forme of tender, and all further information obtained at the utile° of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on and after WEDNESDAY NEXT, the 15th inst., at which place Tenders must be delivered on or before 12 o'clock noon on MONDAY the 27th day of NOVEMBER, 1911. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted, THOMAS LONOOIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Office. November lOrh, 1911.

PHOTOGRAPHS FOR CHRISTMAS. PHOTOGRAPHIC POST CAR')S from 2. DOZEN. As shown in our Show C.Lse, Bridge Street Post Cards can be finished as greeting Cards at a slight extra charge Any style of photograph at Spec ial Competitive prices. TJ. PARKINSON ST WARR NG ON. EgYPTPhotographerl,

A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS FREE. FREE. FREE. PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT, TO ALL USERS OF A GENUINE EDISON PHONOGRAPH FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL 99 A Most Useful Article will be sent post free on receipt BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, of a ed. postcard, giving type of Macbine—Oem, Standard, or Home—sad Special Number of Machine, to DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. Red or Salt-glazed Finlsb, 13s. 6d. Prices Quoted JAKE GRAHAM, for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on Application. 76-76 a, RENSH kW ST.. LIVERPOOL.

MRS. WALSH, Ladies' and Children's Outfitter, is now showing Viyella, Alpine & Tor Underwear for Ladies & Children (Warranted Unshnnkable Corsets to suit all figures. 50 & 52, SANKEY STR -SET, WARRINGTON.

RELIEF OF PAINS BY USING WHY NOT ? RADROSE'S EMBROCATION BUY YOUR FISH DIRECT FROM TIIE MARITIME FISH CO., THERE'S nothing like it for banishing pains such as Lumbago, Sprains, Pains in the Joints, Pains in FISH DOCKS, GRIMSBY. the Stomach, Headache, Neuralgia, Aching across the Ily so doing, you ensure getting very best quality Loins, and all other aches and pains ; Is. and la. 2d. a -113elbe. Is., nibs. 2s. 6d., 1211 as. 3s.Sent carriage paid to bottle, from all Chemists, nr post free from any Address: cleaned ready for cooking, Id. lb. ; extra RADROSE AND CO., if seat by parcel post. P.O. must accompany each 77 Derainghana Avenue, Manor Park, London E. order. Quote paper.

A great display of model Overcoats for Winter wear. Our ideal of taste and style in Overcoats for the present Season will be seen in the fine show of models we are making this week The texture of the materials used, soft woven, full handling, yet light in weight, in charming colorings, principally in the new shades of Brown, the coats cut very wide in body and skirt with belted back, long broad lapels and cuffs turned up or strapped. The Chesterfield Overcoat from £2 105. " Pluvello" Regd. Rainproof Slipover from .£2 25. Boydell Bros., Tailors, 43 Bridge Street, Warrington.

STEPHEN .nOSS & SONS LIMITED SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS,A OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXE AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, Ac. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON

WIDNES. ES, ET, EIS, £2O, .C3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Reapsotabledousenolders, on their own security, with- out delay, on our simple written promise to pay back FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. IL COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. JOHN E. GOODWIN, MANAGER.

VACUUM CLEANERS. Everybody should make a point of seeing these wonderful machines at work by hand and electricity, in HODGKINSON'S WINDOWS On TUESDAY and following days. Prices: £2 25., £3 35., and £5 ss. W. HODGKINSON, LTD., BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

HEnty WAINWRIGHT, 7, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL. Large up-to-date Stock of JEWELLERY, SILVER and ELECTRO-PLATE suitable for WEDDING PRESENTS. ENGAGEMENT RINGS A SPECIALITY. REGISTERED 22.cr. GOLD WEDDING RINGS ESTABLISHED 1798.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. The old and tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA. REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The original can be bad of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not week erough to agieCttV in : imitation. TAWS; Is. lid., 2s. fld., 4s. ed. the prices DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. PRICES 2/2, 24, 2/6 and 2,1 per lb. THE NATIONAL TEA CO., 16, HORSEMARRET ST., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques given with the Tea may be exchanged any day for Household Gooda Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent. HEAD ESTABLISHMENT: 50, sad 151. Friarpte, Preston.

F. HALLETT 10, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. Over nine years with Eustance & Miller & Co A choice and entirely new stock of Jewellery, Solid Silver, Silver-Plated Goods, Watches, Clocks, &c. SPECIAL VALUE IN WEDDING RINGS. A Present with each Ring. Very choice selection of Engagement Rings. Full range of prices. Private Room for the fitting of Engagement and Wedding Rings.

E. E. SLADER BEGS TO ANNOUNCE HE HAS OPENED Ig, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, AS A HIGH-CLASS LADIES' TAILORING ESTABLISHMENT. COSTUMES MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM W, GUINEAS. AFTERNOON COSTUMES, MOTOR COATS, BLOUSES, UNDERSKIRTS AND TWEED HATS.

JOHN AND HIS UNIBRELLA.—No. 2. 4 i , 10. John wie• an ardk.nt , , ', v '..-,•\ - 1- i I 1 aviator, but his friends 1 , . ..... Aiiirs, never could understand ... -r--......... t. ~.,, why he always took 1 1 1 his favourite Umbrella with him. John. know. r..._ , ing soul, kept his secret I dark, till one day a --\ terrific rending sound -- # ' \ -.01:14'411 .'....,, tvi :I was heard, and John's machine fell like a stone to the earth. ' --tVA Virig4:x ; His friends rushed to ~. the wreckage expecting _ . .._ to find John buried C-.....„„ ...%, , beneath it. But a few moments later, John alighted gracefully i, with his '",... , . Wilson's •, , 4 ~ cO(' Umbrella. , . -- , of.,fi ) -, - t , jo Wesell these Umbrellas • ' 1.., .t• ft,. .:4 'v ' • r ...,, ;i: with all the latest N. it .: - ..0... improvements from , i Ily 1/3 UPWARDS. Why John took Ma Umbrella with him. J. WILSON & CO •II Umbrella Experts, 48 Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

thso..sa, write , HENTALL AND HORSLE Y, BEAUTY (LADIES,. 199, PICCADILLY. LONDON, W. ‘II7OCLO you care to improve it, banish you, Agents for the Bale and Purchase of Farms and V wrinkles, develop bust, bare lovely skin, good Agricultural Land. 3hri•dameof glEM"grtg", I. Lattice% mn:drd7Twhoratts deaf OIL Small Pleasure and Prolt Farm of 201 acres (19 Grass and 14 Fruit) for Selo, near Kent Market Town ; - capital bonne, stabling sod outbuildings ; good road REAL WITNEY BLANKETS. frontages possessing building poosibilitiee • ORD*, going abroad ; freehold, £l,9oo.—A4ents, 13eintall and SUMMER dried at the Mills. Buy horn lb. Horsley,Oxfordabire (ar.Market Town:andStation). For 1...7 PREMIER WITNEY BLANKET AND RUG Sale, • capital Dairy Farm of 240 acres, lying ion ring FACTORS. Single bed sizes front 51. 9d. parr ofeuntcgeolannst wpuelrlelwyante.rmeLigoopdiareen .idden.cenacinedt.bi building.; .1 1.i% i oyg eh qualitiesDoa be bed.p tsoizes4s..frwom pinlOsi,...d. ~.c.paiipri of postcard.—. teeliartd.o_f obtained from Bentall A Horsley, 199, Flacadil ly,Lon.,W. Or ma AND WORKS : 52, CORN ST., Wits.,, Gar n.

BEST VALUE IN TOWN. JEWELLERY, SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO- PLATE, WATCHES. and CLOCKS. MILLER & Co., - to, SANKEY ST, WARRINGTON. immtC:=2=

We hold the largest •tock of HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS in the North of England. AND SELL AT THE LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH. Rau & 34. to 40, LONDON-ROAD, HOTHAM-STREET iOS BRIDPORT-STREET, AND FRASER -STREET LIVERPOOL Illustrated Catalogue POllt Free on application. Telegraris, "FURNISHING." Telephone 1214 Row

FASHIONABLE WEST END _ .-...,..„ BLOUSES 4 ( i 111 LOISE tt ' vALu 4 e 1 , . IV 1. ,r.r.o. laralrsrora IIIITI:r• k'Siii, 1 • • ' • ... Th., Are .n • pa.... I \ , . • .6. at anneal m. 0.. .\ /- ' ,- I^^rrk 11. rk Pock 41104, 1,4. w err 4.nr• elerwher• . , . , r • rrhrtlrlll In.. re. r• 1 Ir An ' , ;COI IrrgA rt,,,,... I, ~ • Shin Mouse Wren., rir• ....,. ' - • n r,,,lrri.rarrealall_k impart At, r.,.., . Va., Ravi. cis. ' • • S',•• 13, ~ , , :, .; I , • akl ~.._.. 4/11 ). ) Ai iVern ed.. Whor., I , • • , rteLnlie.rl 1 ii i",. I.::Ill.,•INI:=, .rh.::,."".' .!::, . e, , order lu *room ,r• r, , . 49tid 7•74.7*':501TA.-, ..' 7 - , 1......eve1ity• i, _ 6REENWOOD BUTLE - ZIO BOROUGH HIGH T. " P'tr.9 LONDON 5 E. ....._. ___....._ .._ _ .

........‘,..."---...-...‘,..".. HIGH GRADE TAILORING ON EAST TERMS. 216 Deposit and 1,6 Weekly. 3 or 6 Months Credit if preferred. Fl CST-CLASS Cremes EarLoYED. BIGGEST VARIETY. NEWEsT DESIGNS. No ELTIMCKARGED. ABSOLUTELY BEST VALVE . Established 1885. All transactions strictly conAlential. Thousands c f original testimonials from defighted wearers can be icspected at our offices. Our Representative is In Warrington & District daily, and a Post Card will bring him to your home with patterns. Do not hesitate, try us for that Suit or Overcoat you want just now. Write,call or 'phone 2090 City ) 1 Saturdays 9 to 2 LAWRENCE & CO., Smart City Tailors, 'first noorl, 72 MARKET STREET, MANCHESTER.

MERRYWEATHERS' HAND FIRE PUMP .„ /he Slreplest, Bel, and Most Reale FIRE EXTINGUISRER. I. Nothing to get out of order. z. Nothing to corrode. 3. Nothing to explode. 2540 out of the 4199 London Fires were extin- guished in one year by thaw rumps. -- Wrier or cell—. 63, LONG ACRE, Ye, LONDON.

14§ wimoso, CASTIS

Take Care Jf Your Skin and Complexion During the Winter. bEETHAMS a-roia. This Dainty Toilet Preparation protects the skin against the effects of Frost, Cold Winds, and Hard Water, and prevents Roughness, Rained, Irritation, Chaps, etc. WILL KEEP THE SKIN IN A PERFECT CONDITION ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Renders the skin Soft and White, and adds a charm of youth to the complexion. Bottles la. 2.. ed., of all Chemists and Stores. M. BEETHAM & SON, Cheltenham.

A Great Success! Elect Cocoa with the delicious 1' Rowntree Flavour You try it! MANSES TO N.M. THE KING.

r0_._•••••_•••••........._.1 • I op g Coughs Whßoroninchitis_, • • 16, Little Titchfield Street, London, W. Dear Sirs.—l cannot speak too highly of Angier's Emulsion, as it did my boy a world of good, and was the means of saving his life. Ile was very ill and wasted with bronchitis and whooping cough, and your Emulsion was the only thing he could keep down. It gave him great relief and built him up wonderfully. for which I was very thankful after the weary nights of continuous coughing. I am always pleased to recommend " Angier's " as I think it is the best Emulsion „„„ 0 and especially good for delicate children. (Signed) (Mrs.) A. M. HEASEI.I.. W. I I ANGI ER, 7,..:----ti uLsioN I . la whooping cough Angier's Emulsion not only relieves the spasms of coughing and retching . I but it increases vitality and enables the child to throw oft the disease more quickly and with less . danger of complications. For preventing and curing bronchitis or other chest complications it is unequalled. Anglers Emulsion is invaluable as a general tonic and builder in all children's ailments, and no mother should be without a bottle in the house. Of Chemists, 1/li. 2/9 and 44. A FREE SAMPLE Sent on receipt of 3d. Mention this paper. 111 THE ANGIER CHEMICAL CO.. Ltd., ad CI t wall Road, London. £.:3 o. ••=l1RaMi•••••••••••••1•••••••••••••••• •

000% r,," a. _ The twee $ 1 A., 1 cup coffee in the qick II G*4 one spoonful of ill SYMINGTON'S IA i43-------. Coffee Essence IN -- stirred in Lor.g II water—it tastes all Ilkgood as it amens. W Cost-4 cups Id. is Thos is poingion 6 Co., donborgh 4101Londolii0

THE LXA.IIIIIINIER Series OP WIItg.II.ND NRWSPAPEILS COMPRISI9 : TBE WARRINGTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The Principal and the oldest weekly paper for War- rington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padget° Lymm, &c., being one of the largest and best weekly papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district covered Oil' paper comprises a large trading and agricultu I tract in South Lancashire and Mid- Cheshire. riIHERUNCORN EXAMINER, published every 1 Saturday.= wiling. it ia the best weekly paper in rown and disiiict, and offers the 'neat Ind cheapest acilities to advertisers. Yr HE WIDNES EXAMINER, publidbee every Saturday morning. Widnes contains no largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER J. published every Saturday morning. The largest Local paper containing the news of Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton, The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coalfields. rIIHE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every 1. Saturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton, Peas's}, Cross, &c.—tbe centre of he glass, chemical and watch trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Thirteen 4 ord.. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 6d. Is. 3d. „. 2s. Od. 35. lkl. 24 ... -9d. ... la 10d. ... 38. Od. is. Pd. 33 ... 1 Pd. 2s. 6d. ... 45. Od. 75. Id. 40 ... le. id. ... 34. Id. ... 514. Od. 85. 9d. 48 ... Is. ea. ...3.. fid. ... 6s. 04. 10s. Od.

i E 1.. au Im. 74 .... U fli A. ch

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Honsea A". Funk's Privets Hotel,so St George's rd.,Victoria ANA London, S.W. Moderate terms, good neighbour- hood; clean and coml.; by day or week ; ask for tariff. ON DON.—WILD'S First-class TEMPERANCE La HOTELS, 30 to 40, LUDGATE HILL, B.C. Electric Lift. Central for Business or Pleasure. Also at 70 and 71, HUSTON SQUARE. Closet.) Easton, St. Pancras, and King's Cross Stations. Home Comforts, Cleanliness, and Quiet.

WANTED,GENERAL ; fond of ohildren,good home, references required.-32, CFNTRAL RD.,Rlackpool NVANTED, Young GENERAL, 3 children, good home ; references.—Apply Lon, 145, Eeston rd., Morecambe. WANTED good GENERAL, able to wash; refer- ewes; wages £22.—Apply SUNNY BANK, Hopwood, Heywood. Nv ANI ED, GENERAL • fond of chilarer—i—:ji;c7d refs. required; Do waahing.—CLAßKß, Woodley Bank, Breed rd, Sale. HAPPY Home and good wages for conscientious, experienced GENERAL.—Mbs SABERTON, St. Saviour's Vicarge, Bacon. WANTED, GENERAL, (good) no washing, family three; wages £14.-13, Westmoreland rd., New Brighton. Cheshire. 'AVANTED, superior GIRL for housework, good wages.—CosTa RICAN, Broadstone rd., Heaton Chapel, Stockport. IN/ANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, about 20; good wages.—Apply hire. KERSHAW, Vatvasour Hotel, Rochdale. WANwTEl?4,llllgNoLßA.LApeLlain2rjti;AwfKamsailzA3D;un, Southport. WAN TED, a GENERAL SERVANT; one able to wash and take care of oblldren--Apply 71, Bardsley at., Wiesn. WAN TED, GENERAL SERVANT (experienced plain cooking, wasbing.—Apply, Mrs. HARDMAN) 169, Chorley New rd.. Bolton. WANTED, Young General; Housemaid; Cook. Generals, together or separate.—Mrs. CLARKES e 5, Greek at., Edgeley, Stockport. VN-ANTED, Capable GENERAL for small family some cooking and washing. Help kept. Mrs KNIGHT BARRON, Bootee, Chester. NVANTED COOK-GENERAL. over 30; house- parlourmaid kept,—Reply, full particulars, Mrs. YALE., Ty Gwyn, Bettwe-y-Coed. /THREE GENERALS, age 18 and 22 years; good references.—Apply HOLDSWORTH REGISTRY, 235, Crow lane, East, Earlestown. WA Nsi,lo'Ep D. , conice f 01-511 T abla tbomau.t. 61.i.assAsAtRhimoLuEse and Bamford et, obadderton, Oldham. WANTED COOK GENERAL, at once; family 6; state age, expetience, references, wages.— tARKWOOD, Delpb, Bear Oldbara. WANTED a good GENERAL SERVANT ; references rcquired.—Apply HARMER, Belle Vue Hotel, Woodhouse lane, Wigan. WANTED urg eat, superior NURSE-HOUSEMAID Protestant; and Generale_ ; no fees to servants. —WATSON REGISTRY, Creaoell3, Salford. WANTED Young GENERAL, able to wash; house- maid kept; good reference indlspensable.—Mrs. KIRKHAM, 21 Albert road, Bolton, Lancashire. ANTED, COOK-GENERALS, General Servants of all kinds.—Apply 22, SOUTH BANK RD., Bury, Lancashire. Domestics may register free. %IT AN'TED, 1 Generals and Housemaids, no Y fees charged till suited; fares paid.—Mrs. MARTIN, 38, Charter at., Accrington. AVANTED, at once, good, experienced GENERAL ; age 20 to 26.—Address, Mrs. CARTMAN Annandale, Walinersley rd., Bury. TV £lB, and Atherton, £lB, EEO ; Housemaid-Waitresses and Good Generals.—Reo ISTRT, Trevelyan at., Ecoles. WANTED, experienced GENERAL for family of thee.; good reference required; no washing; w3ges £lB.-3.CRANKSHAW, 9, Beigrave crescent, Eccles. NvANnso. • good GENERAL SERVANT for the, Nurse's Home, at the Bury Union Workhouse; wages £lB, with uniform.—Apply MATRON at the oboe e WANTED, good GENERAL, wages Be.; comfort- able hoc's; permanent situation; state age; references.—TAYLOß. Royal Hotel, Morecambe. IkATANTED„ Cook-Generale, Generals. Splendid situations waiting, good wages, references.— BARKERS REGISTRY, 32.5, Manchester 0, Burnley. WANTED immediately., Experienced COOK GENERALS ; good wages to reliable Maids. Reference required.—REClSTßY OFFICE. London rd., Alderley Edge. WANTED, HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS at once, not under 23;_ Church of England; good references. Mrs. WORKS GAMES, 57, Beresford road, Osten, Birkenhead.

SOUTHPORT. HATES'S RESTAURANT (XIPT BT OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS PROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0485. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

Apartments Furnished Houses, &C. A LL REQUIRING Apartments,Houses, Shops, Flats, &c., in London, Seaside or Country, see Dalton's Weekly House and Apartment Advertiser and Boarding House Guide. 16 pages to select from. Send for specimen copy, 21 SOUTH LAMBIRT RD., London, S.W COLWYN BAY.—WELL-FURNISHED HOUSES to Let, also unfurnished to let and for sale.— BOWKERS, Arabi. VFORECAMBE, W.E.—Mrs. FIRTH, Ferndene, 80 .1.,J. Regent rd. Comfortable APARTMENTS, 2e. per bed each night; piano, bath. Special winter terms with or without board. PRESTATYN.—Comfortable APARTMENTS for winter month.; good cooking, attendance; terms moderate; modem conveniences.—Josss,Maelor Home ST.IANNES-ON-SEA, a FURNISHIM3 HOUSE to at one, till end of April close to station and —Apply 25, T. ANDRRWS no. N. SOl7ll-IPORT.—Detached Furnished HOUSE, 3 recep., 5 bed., bath, kitchen, offices; convenient station, parks, sea; garden back, front; low rent; from Nov. lat.-18, LEYLAND RD.

pRID4O ELlXlR.—Certain cure for coughs. Trial bottle, P.O. ad.—HILL'S STORES, Heacham. Rlugmonn.-Lsdy boa discovered a positive core; post free I/11 -Msdame BonyngreM, Tbe Cory,Cam brid se. (lOTA HEADACHE? Get Parr's unfailing remedy ; post free, 7111.—PArta. I Westbury at.. Sunderland.

QELIP," the marvsllous ours for Pile.; numerous 1,7 testlmonials,l/9 post free from H.R. DUCK WORTH AND CO., Oranse-over-tiands. INSOMNIA ! ! !—I can cure you without drugs, pills or medicines; send P.O. for Is. lid. to-day.— SMITH, 29, Titobborne St., London, W. WONDERFUL Healing Ointment for cuts, bruises, T T burns, sores and sit skin eruptions. Post free Is. FOULKES, 48 Renshaw st., Hulcne, Manchester. CYNPINO.—Cures cold while you sleep. Inhalant specific for Asthma, Bronchitis and Influenza, Is, Ts Eld, 4s fld.—D. B. KIDD, Pharmacist, Exmouth. Skelton's Indigestion Pals have cured thousands; thirty years' reputation. Send stamps I/I for trial box. Jl4 SKELTON, LTD., Eastwood, Notts. Ir en Kure Salve for the most obstinate case of akin disease or running wounds; trial solicited;6d. stamp for bor.—Houma A Co.. 54,Ivanhoe rd.,Camberwell,S.E

WHY suffer when A.O. Ointment and Pills are a prompt and efficient remedy for eczema.,' nettle- rash, chafing, boils, bums, erythema, herpes and all skin troubles; post free Is, Iid.—ARBLES CO., 205, Buchanan at., Glasgow. FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE been universally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy for Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes Is. lid., Is. 9d., aufai. and us. (Sample sent free). Only address :- 309,PORTOBELLO RD., NOTTING HILL, LONDON

TOLUMBING and DECORATING BUSINESS for E. Disposal ; good position.--Apply 17, CAIIBRIDOR RD., Ansdell. ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO SELL are advised to consult Mr. COWDZI.L, Leith at., Warrington.

- - - - Shops, Houses, Land on sale CO SALE, FAIRFIELD ROAD.—HOUSE contain- ing 2 eittiog-roome ; lobbied through ; kitchen, scullery, pantry, 3 bedrooms ; bath ; b. and c. water throughout ; gardens front and back Site contains about 300 yards. Price, 080. Ground rent .C 3 —Appl IBox 600, " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

IaGILERS 50,and MACHINERY. good second-hand .Youn &MEMOIR AND Son (Dept. 41) Blaokbora NON-CONDUCTING COMPOSITION MANUFACTURERS for the Prevention of Radiation of Heat from Steam Boilers, Piping, Hot Water Circulating Boilers and Pipes, and all Heated Surfaces. We quote for Covering the above with Mageesia,Siliimte Cotton, Hai r Fel t.,and onrCom posi t ion Composition, Supplied in Casks Ready for Application EMERY AND EVANS, Catherine at, Stranglaways, Manchester. PATENTS. 4, BT. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHIM IN 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. MCI ero cOLONIAL FOREIGN PATENT LAW.

um i e = = . I Fe 4 ELI n, .. . O P = ri) .=•'..: i q 0 (a E. c ..... (t) mi ehristening Gifts in great variety. Telephone 303 x.

-40:1(04 Jr GOLDSMITHS Sankçy Sfreet, SILVERSMITHS DIAMON D RiTycicrorN MERCHANTS

I'ovir to do card tricks; easily manipulated; 7d. post paid.—DAISY BANK, Gorton. EFT OFF CLOTHING bought, P.O. for parcels.— LA Mrs. TAYLOR, 23, Cemetery rd , Doncaster. VANCY Work designs appear weekly in WOMAN'S LIFIk price Id., of all newsagents. (AWRY Fortune Teller. Interesting and amusing. XX Post 7d.—Ewstrt, 12 Cross at., Brighton. Rloons, superior quality, retailed at 2/6 • exceptional bargains, 1/2 post freo.—KRELTNo. Clay Cross. AFree Employment Bureau for Workers & Employers appear weekly in Women's Life, Id., ever, where; J)o you know your lucky stone and date? Bee' Vibes' replies in Woman's Life, weekly; id. sll newsagents 120 Patchwork Silks, in.; 40 large, Is. No rubbish BRAME'S, 2,3, 4. end 5 Market place, Margate.

iIDtOST FREE 4s. Ladles smart velvet Tomos, any coloureDocouns, Milliner, Northcrosa rd.,Dulwich Gramophone Records; 2/6, doubles 1/9, approval ; list sent.—Seymonr, 88, Warrender Pb. rd .14dinburch Ql ET Golf Clubs, bag ; almost new, 215.6 L. approval 1•• —Savatonn, 88, Warrender Park rd., Edinburth. Vree.—Half-guinea Fountain Pens; given away •, like I. one?-Wrlte, Era C0.,26. Perrymeal st.,Fullsam. Lund _rust Out. 'Biackanwite.' Greatest modern Pozale,from rfi Patentee. 7d P.O —l3 Whittet,s3,llllltown, Dundee; Balaclava Diy, Oct. 25th. Souvenir of The Charge. Stem p.—Newlands, Boolseller, Camden Town. Lou MINIATURES brautifully csloored from own IVA photo is 9d.—A. M. CO.. 7, River et., Bolton.

CIONNECTIONERY Recipes by Professionals, send P.O.Miss Hotighton,22,aston st.,Wolverbamptoo. A LL Mother's Questions about Baby Cr. answered 1-1 weekly in Woman's Life, price Id., by "Ere ' :I-UST out" Blackanwite," greatest modern prizzle,7d. P.O. Patentwo.—C.WHlrrirr, 33, Milltown, Dundee - •

CIILT-RDGED correspondence cards, address printed 113 f gold, 30s. Is.; samples.—AJAX Prlobules, Woodlesford, Leeds, PHOTO POSTCARDS of Yourself, Is. per dozen Samples and catalogue free.—llectcrer's Works id, Li al.

LAMB, direct from the hula of Scotland. Carriage I paid 131 b. sides, 7s 6d; Mutton, sides 271 b, 15s.— DREW, 972 St. George's rd., Glasgow. 12/6 Gent.' new wreatch,d;notsapfoprmBlys JOHNSON, Wood lane, Hawarden, dhester.

TTSE OUR PLATES.-1 Plate, is. 3d., 71d. Pop or Gaslight, Post Cards is. 3d. M. Samples of catalogues free.—Strownooms 246, West Derby rd., Liverpool,3 minutes from Olympia. BOTTLE and Machinery purchased, all kind.; send particulars of quantity and kind.—CLtssos, St. Ann's Works, Lirathense, London. y &dies frilled underskirts, patio. post free, made from double warp union shirting 26 each, carriage paid.—Drsoes, 116, Market, Huddersfield. Medallions for Dog Collars, with Ring attachment, .I.YI name and addreea stamped complete, poet free 8d State breed.— BLW DON, King nt., Blackburn. ADY has beautiful Dresses, Costumes, Silk Blouses etc., Children's Clothing, very cheap. List stamp. Mrs. Hayti.; 152, Shepherds Bush rd., London. IVIES, Ties, Ties.—Wholesale prices 43.3 d. dozen; 1 send 40. for speciality.—Lo:soos TIE STORE, 89, Telford Avenue, Streatham, London. OLD Gold, silver, false teeth, broken watcLea and jewellery bought for cash ; highest cash price rent per return.-31YERS, Bullring, Wakefield. VGGS.—How to make hena lay in winter, the great I.:a American recipe 1/6 post free. Money regained in increased egg sopply.—Kiso, Leeds rd, Bradford. ik/ETAL Polisher, Liquid and Paste; none better.— ...V1 Sample. Ac., on application to sole agent HARRISON, 51, 011ier Avenue, Longsight, Manchester. Charming Miniatures in life-like colours copied from any photo, complete in brooch or pendant, Is. Ed. each.—" /diastase," 1,9, Cheapside, London. E.C. Wincella,' Queen of Winceys, Cream, baby's frock length, 2e. 62. ; shirt blouse length, Lr. 110. lady's night gown length, 6/6 post free.-Macarthur, Ay

CEIRISTYLAS and New Year Cards. Autograph boxes, 10 cards and envelopes, grand value, is. poet free.—Addreas CARDS, 79, Busholme rd., Manchester Indigo Buitinge.—Good qualities-at moderate prices Satisfaction guaranteed. Write for patterns.—ll BROOK, 23, Thorn rd., Thornton Lodge, Huddersfield.

FREE-LANCE Journalism.—Efficient postal tuition by experienced %Titers. Moderate fees. MS. revised. I.od. 1,000.—Literary, 20, Onslow ave., Richmond, S.W. A N Important itint.—Ladies, why throw away your 11 Hair Combings, post them now to Vilittum ODD; Dept. C., Dock Mills, Shipley, Yorks, Cash 4d. per oz. sent per return.

WINTER Onderwear.-2 Heavy Fleece Heed under- , V vests or pants, 4s. 6d post paid ; most comfortable and durable, exceptional value,state size.--ELHEABROOK, 202, Francis rd., Layton.

• ADIES fashionable real velvet calf leather belts, .9.. d with Blueish gilt buckles, iglu. wide, 16 colours; Is. 3d. each post free; state colour rrquired.—BELTS, 48, Gutter lane, Cheapside, London. WISH, Fish, Fish.—Choice, selected banes of fresh caught fish, care. paid, 61b. 25., 9lb 2s 6d ; 11Ib 2.; 141 b. 2.. 6d.; carefully cleaned, ready for cooking.— Cismutet Fran SUPPLY CO., Grimsby Docks. %JOUR Son's Career.—Fall information, professional advice, and assistance in placing boys in • good suitable occupation ; spprentioeships smanged,anccessful Imbues careers assured.-Terms from CAREERS Brissar, 2, Virginia st., Liverpool. 2 /9 i ipirterl'asst'l ent7 raw will rs"outrt Ross" 6 doite..-eld7ed blades, in handsome presentation case; send at once, if all mold, full amount returned immediately; a wonderful bergain.—Ross WORKS, Short et., Lambeth, L0nd0n,13.13 Increase your Income by Silver Plating household articles at home; interesting and profitable bobby; full instructions with box of " C. 8." Silver Plating Powder, Sid. post fretta-CLARK Boos., 2, 'lllrd Ave., Walthersetow. Loudon.

Education. cQhortl;and ioi week' (post free Is.) other McErrnin Shorthand Publications (send Italia) may be had from PUBLISHER. 98, Ciisnley Gardens, Muswell Hill, N. LAS F CHANCE! ! !—Appointetents £100.1350. Free Postal Course of Lessons, open to all, for Sanitary Inspectors, Health Visitors and School Nurses' Certifi- cate& Liverpool and Manchester Examinations. 500 suocesses.—Mumndis, Sanitary Espert, Sunderland.

xi AKE your own Helrthrup ; new cloth cut ready TA for use.—Mvans, 64, Rowland plvoe, Leeds. Cbristmaa Cards, with photo, dozen, 96 100, 15/- send photo.—Svrnro, 1, Promenade, Portobello A uthracite fitove,new,' Sunbeam,' best mode effective eoon., £3; deliv'd:Gordon, Fermi& at., L'pool Watches.—Rediable time-keepers, 3s. Kept in repkin ytar.—BaurNovos, 26, Park st., London, N.W. SUITS' cut, made, trimmed, 141.; sand for lint; trade ordy.—Ageorri. Elm Works, Wakefield. MONEY SAVED, by buying your Incandescent Ar.s. goods from HAM. HEARD, 35, Bottomgate, Black- burn. 'Traders send for list. SPECIAL Bargain this week.—Lady's Gold Watch, 9 ct., hall-marked, for 210.—Barnsir EtureLy STORES, 4, Peethergtone Buildings, Holborn, W.C. 12 Beautiful Enamelled Photographic Christmas Cards. Assorted. Your photo in each. Astounding value. Send photo, 2/6.—Wellp, Blackfriars st., Carlisle.

THE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS WARRINGTON.— Kindergarten and Prepara- tory Band for Bal.—Principal, MISS DRING, L.L.A., A.C.P. Staff includes BA, and L.R.A.M. Half term commences Wednesday, November Stb. STOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. (3 minuted; from car terminus,l Day trd Boarding School for Girls, Kind ten. Preparatory School for Boys. Large boom, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great Successes in examination. The Next Term will commence on THURSDAY, Sept. 21st. Prospectus, references, and views on applications, to Miss PARTINOTON, Pribeplll WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH YOUR BOYS AND GIRLS ? DO you wish them to take up Commercial Career DO you wish them to enter the Civil Service DO you wish them to enter one of the Profession.? THEN CALL and consult E. SMART & CO., 1, Buttermarket-street, Warrington' the oldest and roost successful Business Training and Civil Service College in England. Fees from £2 2s. per quarter. Ladies and Gentlemen are given a first class Business Education, equipped with everything oecessary to ensure a successful Commercial Career ' • and guaranteed a good position when efficient. Feeefrom £1 15. per quarter. Tuition is given in all subjects for all branches of the Civil Service, Professional Preliminaries, Banks Railways, etc. Under our methods of tuition, success s certain. Open from 10 to 9. Call Any Day, Any Hour. E. SMART & CO., BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON

send your Old Artificial Teeth,Gold, Silver, Jewellery to MAPPIN & C0.,18 King's terrece,Sontbsea.Highest market price by return, o roffer. Bankers Nat. Prov 6 /11 COMPLETE.—Tweed or serge skirts in all colours, made to own measures by WEST- END Tailor; perfect fitting; postage 4d.—M. COOPER- WALDRON, 62. Warwick avenue, London, W. TIELIUHre U L. and UNIQUE PRESENT.—Gentaine North American Indian-made Birch Berk Canoe, with pincushion, post free, Is ; money returned it not satialled.—HAßVEY, 68, Milton et., London. RADCLIFFE BONE CUTTERS.—Prioe, from 216. 6d., carriage paid; catalogue with instruct, lions for feeding green bone, post (res.—RADCLIFF!! Bone Cutter Works, Greenfield, Oldham. DIRECI. from Loom to Wearer.—Splendid Sot Lengths, 95. to 26a.; also Overcoatings latest novelties; patterns free ; GarTi&FG paid.—WEST RIDING MANUFACTURING CO., Golcar, Huddersfield. XTEW Clothes For Old.—Gent'e suits or overcoats 11 cleaned and pressed like new for 3s. 6d. and returned in 3 days ; we pav carriage one way; satisfac- tion guaranteed.—Send F.O. with garment to City Tailoring & Renovating Co..s7,Stepney Green,Lond. E.O BEAUtIFUL RUSSIAN WOLFE SKIN Drawing- Room Hearth Rue, make good Carriage Rug. Nearly new, worth double, money returned if not approved of. Price s.—Mrs. COOPER, 66, Mawaon at., A!wick Green, Manchester. (AMIN AWAY.—A Charming Delaine Blouse to lir every purchaser of a beantifolly-tailored Costume, any colour or tweed, at 15s. 1 d. ; eatisfaction guaranteed; send size waist and length skirt, with Postal Order and 6d. postage, to DALE & DERRY, 440 Edg*sre rd., London, W. TELEPHONE 3375. BARGAINS IN PIANOS, &c. PIAMBRINSMEAD. S'S 0 0 P'AZIY°CHAPPELL £8 0 0 P lANO £8 10 0 L BY JNO. BROADWOOD, ROSEWOOD CASE. 01ANO 212 0 OBY It. ALLISON, WALNU f CASE. 1301ANO £l3 0 0 BY JNO. BROADWOOD. P'AIITY° HY. WAGNER. £l9 10 0 P',AIION FRAME, £22 0 0 BY UPTON GILL. 228 10 01- IRON FRAME, OVERSTRUNG, BY GORS & KALEMANN. DIAN°, £34 0 0 IRON FRAME, OVERSTRUNG, LATEST IMPROVEMENTS, SLIGHTLY USED, BY HOPKINSON. EACH PIANO FULLY WARRANTED. Foil money allowed on these Pianos if exchanged for more expensive instruments. TUNED FREE FOR 12 MONTHS. TERMS: FROM fis. PER MONTH. WADSWORTH'S, 59, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

VRONT BEDROOM sad Sitting-room; with or 12 without board.—Apply 9, MONKS ST., Lovely lane Warrington QUPERIOR HOUSE To Let, 87, St. Mary st., 2 bZ entertaining rooms, 3 bedrooms, bstb, h. and c., w.o. Rent £IB.—HANDS, 85, St- Mary it. COLWYN BAY.—Well-furnisbed Houses, also Unfurnished; Good Boarding and Apartment Houses to let. Houses for sale. Stamped envelope for Iist.—BOWICERS, Estate Agents. /110 BE LET, a modern semi-detached Villa, near N'icarage,Great Sankey, containing large entrance hall, heated with radiaton, 4 bedrooms, large dining and drawing rooms, bathroom, w.c.. with all the, urto-date modern conaeoiences—Apply W. FURNESS Great Sanky.

17, PINNERS BROW, Lock-op Shop; suit Botcher rent 6e. 6d. per week clear. g3,PINNERS BROW, good Shop, 7s. per week clear. 16, GENERAL STREET, rent 4s. 3d. per week. SO, WELLINGTON STREET, rent ss. per week. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi-detached, Residence ; large garden ; sunny situation ; reduced rent. MARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Double Offioe, most centrsl position in tows; good light ; £l6. OFF SANKEY STREET, Wsrrington, 2 Storey Ware- house with cart entrance, rent .616. 19, PIERPOP4T STREET, rent 4s per week. Apply ROBIRT Lows, Estate Agent, No.l Bank Street Werrington Telephone—No 16

Great Value in Boys' Overcoats What you really want to find in a Boy's Overcoat is Durability, the quality of material and workman- ship that will withstand much rough usage. In these respects, we can guarantee you perfect satisfac- tion with our Boys' Overcoats, because they are essentially long lived. They have at least three other good points which recommend them. lst.—Their smart manly appearance. 2nd.—Their comfortable fit. 3rd.—Their very moderate price. Bring your boy in without delay, as the cold weather is here. Manchester Clothing Depot, 10 Horsemarket Street, WARRINGTON.

II Your Morning • • si Cup of Coffee— s• 111 Is it as Coffee— The differencea most o b:tweetritiero ourcffe"eSs will" Special good surprise—and delight you. You will find it far more delicious than you thou2,ht as you coffei2 could be. It has that smooth, wo u 1 d delicate, "full-bodied" flavour that every- one likes. a constant es. cOolrsdteara sample, our anodyoile7jl lik e ? • • i• Wm. Owen & Son/ .•.1 FAMILY GROCERS, II 15 SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON,

Telephone 581. Establi•hed 1878. JAMES CRITCHLEY PRACTICAL HIGH-CLASS TAILOR, 45, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. Begs to announce to his patrons that he is now showing THE SEASON'S GOODS In Dress-suitings, Overcoatings, Suitings and Costume Cloths,

£3 TO £l,OOO. THIS IS THE ONLY OFFICE WHERE PRIVATE LOANS ARE GRANTED to all persons worthy of credit without publioity or Money.Lendere routine. If you require a PRIVATE LOAN, and honourably intend to repay, then wsste no time on tempting adverts. It is admitted by hundreds of clients that our business is conducted in a straightforward manner. Repayments can be arranged as follows, or as mutually agreed upon. £5 loan 1/6 weekly LH loan 101- weekly £lO „ 3/- weekly I £lOO „ 181- weekly £25 „ 6/- weekly I £2OO „ 35/- weekly Interest from 2s. in tho £. No Connection with any other office. M. SEFTON, LTD., MISS COTTERILL, MANAGERESS, SI, CAIRO STREET. WARRINGTON

pioNEER BOLDFUR N 1 S HsltN. G LSI FERRE PLO la. IN CONJUNCTION WITH OUR SHOW OF NEW AUTUMN GOODS. We are offering exceptionally cheap lots of Down Quilts, Blankets and Irish Linen Goods. All about to Furnish should pay a visit to this popular establishment. LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES FOR CASH OR EASY TERMS. HIGHLY ATTRACTIVE STOCK. LARGE MONEY SAVING GUIDE FREE.

FOR ALL THAI' IS NEW IN GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. ART NEEDLEWORK THE BEST AND CHEAPEST 00 TO EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS JONES AND BARDOUR, IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND 1.2. ND. EACH. LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S OUTFITTERS, WHOLESALE BY AGENTS FOR" CHILPRIIFE " UNDERWEAR. J. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON 36, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Largeassortment of Framed Pietnres sniLtble for Wedding tuld Birthday Presents. School Prises, ite. Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYRR OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNE,IONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TAT:3 AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

n.rt„ -,,Agpsk. • _ • , _ " MISTLETOE Drawing Room Stove.

B C X TO £5,000 LENT DAILY UNNINGHAM, Et) ON THESE TERMS for agreed period :- 29, FROGHAL LANE, WARRINGTON. £5 loan, Repay £3 10e. I £25 loan, Repay £27 10s. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTMER OF LIO „ „ £ll I £3O „ „ £33 Guinness's Stout, Buss's Pale Ale, Base's No. 1 £l5 „ „ £l6 10s, I £5O „ ~ £55 Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. £2O „ ~ £22 I £lOO „ „ £llO Devonshire and Hereford Cider. No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special attention Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. applicants from n this district. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER MEER IN BOTTLE. CHARLES PAIKIN, ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF 219, BRUNSWICK ST.,OXFORD RD., MANCHESTER' HI 311-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. and at 19, WITTON ST.. (over Bradley's Clothing Shop) Telephone 79. NORTHWICH.

CoO SAM N GREEN THE SPOT SHOP T I (FISH MARKET., FOR EVERYTHING.

Tel. No. 123. ESTABLISHED 80 YEARS (in Warrington). Tel. No. 123. E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 50 per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight); Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxlne, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, 011 Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING. Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Sliet r.ng and Bending, Pressing, Dishing. Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for ell'xiently deaiing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during so establishment over 60 years.

• I.Sle

WARRINGTO Church

"e- -t' ene Boots and Shoes STAND PRE-EMINENT. For Holiday Wear. Soundly and scientifically con- structed, smart, stylish and durable, economical in wear. So graduated in sizes and fittings that they give comfort from the first day, satisfaction to the last. Public Benefit Boot Company, Limited. WARRINGTON : 116 & 118 Bridge Street, RUNCORN 42 Church Street. EARLESTOWN The Metropole, Bridge St, and Market Street. WIDNES: 47 Victoria Road, 45 Widnes Read, Simms Cross.

Do your Eye,s Trouble You? Do things ever seem to crow misty and blurred? This is a warning of Eyestrain and you should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble: By our scientific tests we could tell if you need Glasses, and in that case suPolY those which would give the greatest Possible benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER & SONS Eyesight Specialists. LORD STREET Rath. 104 d. LIVERPOOL

OVERCOATS THE NEW (1911-12) ALL-WOOL FLEECY (NO Weight) MATERIAL FOR OVER- COATS. Invention of " SUITS " Ltd. iir The great disadvantage of the winter weather to the average man was having to wear an Overcoat, which, if it was a warm one, had to be made of heavy material, with the consequent result that in a very short time the wearer became tired, perhaps even perspired, and felt uncomfortable. "Suits Ltd.," determined to overcome this diffi- culty, and after much experimenting they have produced a new all wool fleecy material which is delightfully warm, and possesses hardly any weight. This is what " Suits, Ltd.," are offering to the public for the coming Winter's Overcoat Trade, and already they are having a big demand for it by those who have called for patterns and samples, and who are quite enthusiastic over its merits and advantages. Here's REAL comfort. il This winter's style for Overcoats is Double l breasted, with belt at back, strap cufls, and full about the skirt, and " Suits Ltd." shop at Jubilee Buildings, Horseinarket Street, Warrington, is full up with their new materials in the most delightful shades of colour, and you are invited to call and view them. A new innovation. 41 For the benefit mainly of those who live out- side Warrington "Suits Ltd.," have made quite a new innovation in their business by having had made up, in their own London factory, several hundreds of the most stylish and attractive chesterfield Overcoats of their new material, in all colours and in every size. These have been cut by the most expert London cutters, and will give the utmost satisfaction to those who prefer to buy an Overcoat ready to wear, instead of ordering one made to measure. One advantage of this method being that the purchaser can see how he looks at once in the coat he decides to select. To please each intending purchaser. " Suits Ltd." prices are the lowest of any firm, whilst the quality of goods they sell are only of the highest grade, and customers are invited to call for patterns and prices, and compare them, before buying, with others. "Made to Measure" or " Ready to Wear." is what "Suits Ltd." 20/= to 50/= charge for their Double-breasted Chesterfields, Nv hilst Single- breasted can be had from as low as 18/b. DON'T FORGET THE ADDRESS: "SUITS" Limited, gIIF JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET STREET WARRINGTON.

TINTHRTieITE STOVES. ECONOMICAL. CLEAN. CHEERFUL PRICE from 37 6. INSPECTION INVITED, COMPETENT MEN FOR FIXING. J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, 51, 53 & 55, Bridge Street, Warrington.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by MILLIE'S PILLS. GOT THE RIGHT THING ! 82, Nalton-road, Bridgend, Glam. April 116,1910. Dear Sir,—Some years ago I suffered very badly from Rheumatic Gout, and I then tried many things. but got no relief. At last I was led to try your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, which soon proved I had GOT HOLD OF THE RIGHT THING, and I soon got well. Whenever I feel an attack coming on Igo to Kade's and they ward it off. I think it only jug to you that I should acknowledge their merit, and I may say I always recommend them and know THEY HAVE BEEN A BLESSING TO OTHERS. You may make any use you like of this testimonial. I remain, dear air, yours faithfully, PREM. HIGGINS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles Is. lid. and 2s. 91. or rent post free for stamps or P.O.by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE,232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT iSz R'

EVERY HOUSEHOLD constantly requires a little inexpensive, safe, efficacious medicine for use by one member or another of the family. Men and women, boys and girls, even of the healthiest, occasionally need a reliable preparation to relieve and correct liver, stomach, and bowel disorders, or any of the numerous ailments arising from a deranged condition of some portion of the complex yesetceraomfsdiritsionw.hiThhearreeiscanorebfuetitleyr caonmdpmouonredecln;reonmienpturreemaends than tally selected ingredients of vegetable origin and are suitable for young and old of either sex. Everyone NEEDS medicine in some form or other from time to time. It is not surprising that it should be so. Whether the cause of the trouble be due to unsuit- able diet or a run-down and enfeebled state of the digestive organs, a few doses of Beecham's Pills will soon restore healthy conditions, as they thoroughly eliminate unhealthy accumulations, gently stir the sluggish organs to normal activity, increase appetite, improve digestion and thereby exert a bracing effect upon the whole body. A trial is all that is necessary to convince anyone of the sterling value of BEtcHANI,s PILLS Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1:1i (56 pills) & 29(168 pills).

WATCHES OF PRECISION iLL. AR AND QUALITY LIRE THOSE MADE BY ~ . J. W. BENSON, LTD, ~ ARE A PURCHASE FOR A LIFETIME. .., BENSONS WA TCHES contain Ittifircv.- , wills all conducing to that Accuracy, D 'r_bility, , f 1 mid Inexpensive Weep which should be the 2 2 main features in Watch work, and no other Arm , 1 ; t rrs Can equal them. \\......... I4V THE ifllo KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER" , _ „. FOR LADIES. ( \ll ... \ A /`, \ In /B.(t. GM, Ci vslal Glass . .V......r. .. ./. \ „ Cases, £lO. ' ,THE "BANK" WATCH ::: ..., 1 Best London Made Keyless ik '. A,„,„1"--\.., r \ ,-, lEnglish Lever, in Sterling Sil- ", '77",. 1 , 7 ---- -- - _____ . / • ' \ , (as iiiiistrided). \ \ 18-ct. Gold Cases, Crystal Glass, £l5. ' lI.SY j 117.7.7 .Q \ \ , They are sold at strictly Moderate Prices f I' 11 rri. Cash, or on "Che times" System of 1 MONTHLY PAYMENTS of 10/. % ...,--- . - 4 , ~. . - and op....arils. ' \ A • 'ill / Own th Owners write at the "FIELD," "LUD- ~, \,,,,,!, ~,,:„./ GATE," mut " BANK" Watches are of "INCOMPARABLE EXCELLENCE." SELECTIONS WILL BE SENT TO yNT„MBIG THE 'i LUDGATE" WATCH BUYERS AT OrR RISK AND EXPENSE. London Made English Lever, In Silver, Ciystal Glass Cases, £.5 ss. Mistreat Paolo No. 1, of Watches. front POST MS. 1 ln 18-ct. Gold Cases, £l2 12$. I 35s..Chains. Self- Fitting Watch Arneelets, & Jewellery. 1 i No. S. of Clocks. '' Empire " Plate. & In- J. .DENSON/ LTD., 1 expensive Silver (,owls fur Presents. • Mention this paper I 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, i wartiftititso~~ol~o~ LoN DON, E.C. 14".""sot

OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT A bEolutely utmost value effered by RETURN OF POST KING & CO.. 3411. Hart street, London, W.C. BILLIARD TABLES Why pay Fancy Prices? Buy direct from the mak ars. Satisfaction guaranteed. Thotyands of Testimonials. Our Boys' Portable Table Gft. by 3f I. Complete with accessories, only 455.; a careful com- parison of our prices will convince you that we are the. cheapest in the market: illustrated list post free.— BILLIARD TABLE Co., 761, Old Kent rd., London, S.E

'ROSS' GAS MANTLES. I British it 17 Foreign Patents. Strongly braided, not flimsily knitted on woven. Outlast any other. Used.by Gas Com- panies themselves. Upright 0., inverted 6d., or 4/6 and 5 6 doz. Of any leading dealer. If any difficulty direct & post free front the— PATENT APPLIANCES CO., (' G Daly." 13 5 17 City Road, London, R.C.

_ LADIES BLANCHARD'S APIOL AND STEEL PILLS aAfrf'o'r'dmrreiliCifiedantioureaNiej rirlZrti,,railliA!il. all iTurgereidngd.Y " BLANCHARD'S aro the Bost of all pals for Woman." 1/I per box, of all Chemists. or post free from LESLIE MAME, Ltd., 34, DALSTON LAM LOEDOIL dd GOUTRID °' - This is no idle advertisement. but a truly marvel: lons remedy for GOUT and all Uric Acid troubles. Try it and you will be grateful. It is absolutely - harmless MA a sure speedy cure. Yon need not suffer any longer. FIFTEEN DAY'S TREAT- MENT sent post free for es. 6d. GOUTRID c0.,17. SHAFTLFcriIw.)7Rsy AyENUE.,

PILES PZ7jut.',7,l: CURED Dr. Setterie's Cones No surgical treatment. A natural cure. Hundreds of testimonials received. 26 per boa post free from the manufacturer., THE BRITISH PHARMACAL CO.. BEXHILL.

THe NEW FREPtOM REMEDY THERAPIP ;or pular remedy. used in continental Hospital s by n..c oviiPlißastan,,fobert.Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for pu ri tv of hl ood.spots,blotches.pa.in & slrelhnigofjoints,, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stric tu re, d ischar,es, piles, gravel,psinsin back. gout.rheuma tism.eahaustion, sleeplessness, &r. Threie forms. Nos.l, 2& 3. attord:ni to &ways. Price 2,9 (partir ars H. stainp'i post free in Great Britain froni Tie Le C roe Medic ine Cii, Haver. stock Roadataspa-tead. London. & principal Chemist,.

_ These tiny Capin lee relieve Kidney and Bladder Trouble NT4 promptly and cure in forty-eight boors. Each Cspsols bears the name " Midy." Sold by all M I Di Chemists, or post fres Is. Id, from WILCOX I CO. (Dept 50, 41 HATX•RE rr, LONNA,

THE Asir FOLDING GOAT PATENT IHANGER • In sad IS IMt ttll•tt patrol Coat [danger is the trrni con,.. • • on the filmset. It it Arend, used Ity tis an I meets long lett nat. cannsiong t fine% It tl• Oi ..ther hangers, good snare. tan r • - dracliinc. and di addl... to am .14[ gontent. l• • nickel rimed. ‘ery strong. Idht and eteepsist in sr, t 1., the wardrobe or tdoelling ha.' ts Untnns mei ul for Lad es and Gentlemen. Lad, hang, tt stamped tt g•tt or n . gen.. ltdst id e esch torl, 9.1 ; ~art lined tax tor 4.. . a %el, ametu: X-1 AS TEL. NO. 702111 CITY. FOLDING COAT HANGER Co.. 28 CAMOYILI MEM CHAIIBERS. OON2BIELB /TIMM 11.11HOPIOATZ, LONDON, EC.

FITS HOME.v . been cured by the "VARSO TREATMENT." No case is too bad to yield to this valuabl• cure ; the gts generally GM. from the first. Na Bromide of Potassium used. Sufferers should apply for full partioulars to JAS. Q. MILLS. M.P.S . Chemist. PLATT BRIDGE. WIGAN. Sample sent for 3 stamps.

HOw can I increase the pur- chasing power of every ' pound which I am about to spend on Furniture? The solution of that problem will be found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic. sturdily-built furniture, our perfect manufacturing and se ling organisation enables us to quote prices that are much below those charged elsewhere for the same articles. No matter whether you

Furnish for Cash ...;:r Convenient Paument Sustem

I your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. 1 Facts worth noting.

We allow 2/.ln the re discount for Cra•h Payments can be arranged to suit Costume's convenience. No objectionable agraements to .in. Every Article manufactured under our own direct control and supervision. We pay carnage to all part. Goods deli I. Private Vans. Every Furnishing Requisite supplied. Good Value and unshed Customers account for the phenomenal growth of our business. Guarantee. f dWe unhesitatingly re un the price of any article that does nci give elisnlute satisfaction. pir Write or call for Catalogue WI

Agriculture. ITIURF LOAM, Kettering old fibry, for Carnation Moms, do.; 21s. too; truck loads delivered Cheshire and S. Lancs.—J. Doe, Park row, Nottingham

Horses, Carriages, Live Stook. tIN S 4LE, MILK FLOAT £9 ;Mlle.:an 301.—SHAW, X-, 9, Fir it., Cadishead near Manchester. LI HARP COB. with Cart and Harness; lot £6 neat /,7 Larry; will lend.-45, TRAM ST., London rd., Manchester.

AITANTED 50 DOGS weekly, any pare breed, cheap for cash.—Kicisnms, 13, Churchill at, Manchester. GOVERNESS CAR, Pony and Harness; splendid , condition ; price £27 10s. net ; no dealers.— TAYLOR, 3, Spring Gardens, Manchester. SMART PONY, 13 heeds, 7 years, harness, fish and fruit cart, lot EBA. also pony 12 hands, harness and fiat cart, lot £5 10s.—FtErcisen, 47, lianam, Blackburn -VOR SALE, SALOON BUS', to carry 16. with 15 removable top to form Wagonette. Also Landau and Stand Cab, cheap; room wanted.—J. NULD, Market at., Stretford. VOX TERRIER PUPPIES, Champion pedigrees; 1' sire, winner of numerous prizes, from 12i. : also two adult bitches, best of pedigrees, selling off.— ROBISISON, 47, Alms rd., Southport.
