===== 0002601_19110506_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W. I?. Hartley's Table Jellies

ARE DELICIOUS.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
A-PTIST (3-111.11iClf,--LATO-HF 0 D 1../ TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MAY int. PRiAcumt: MR.T 11. PROCTOR(Msocbeoter College). Morainic 10.30. Evaniog 0.0. OFFERTORIES.

ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MAY Trs, 1911 PRIEM:HIFI REV. WM. REID,

10.46 s.m. : Streogth and Beauty." 631 Lazarus Is Dead."

IST CHURCH., GOLBORNE STREET, TO-MORROW(!,UND..AY): MAY 7TH.

Morning 10 45. Evincing 8.30. REV. A. BURN, (Little Leigh). BIBLE CLASS, 3 O'CLOCK. All unicorn. Hymn Book. provided.

NV YCLIFIE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH WARRINGTON. TOMORROW (SUNDAY), MAY 7TH, 1911. Morning 10.30. Eveoing 8.30. PRILACHIR : REV. 1. YONGE. Evening subject a " Universal Pesce:' Anthem a "0 Love! that will not let me go !" (W. H. Peyton)., N.B. COMMUNION SERVICE 7.45 P.M. BOLD—grIVEET % ESLEYAN CHURCH' WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MAY 715. Morning 10.30. REV. JOHN GUNNELL. Evening 4130. REV. 1 130 MAS GLADDING. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. GRAND SALE OF WORK, in the Schoolroom, WEDNESDAY & THURSDAY, MAY 17th & 181. h. To be opened each day at 3 o'clock. Promises of douatitne will be gladly received by any of the stallbolders. BRICK STREET MISSION (IND METHODIST). ANNIVERSARY SERMONS. will be preached TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MAY 7114, av MIL ROBERT LEWIS (or AERTON-IN-MAKERVIZI,D). Morning 10.15. Evening 6.30. In the Afternoon at 2 15 a Song Service of Praise entitled "SPRING FLOWERS 'will be rendered by the Sunday School and Church Choi., cornbioed. MRS. A. IL CROSFIELD WILL PRESIDE. SPECIAL ANTHEMS TOR EVIDIING SERVICE :"What these" J. Stainer; Posise the Lord, 0 Jerusalem (Dr. Cuthbert Hu,* F.14.C.0.) A Collection grill be taken up at each Service In aid of the School Fund. All Seats Free. Hymn Sheets Provided. _ _ BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (Su3DAY). MAY 7YII. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. Pasecricit : REV. T. GRANGE BENNETT.. Morning 10.30. "Is Christianity a Speot Fore. ?' Evening 630. " Chrietienity destined to Universal Triumph." Morning Anthem : Trio, " Lift Thine Eyes." Chorus, "He, Watching over Israel." Evening Solo, " Let the bright Seraphin." Chorus'," Let their celestialOoDOOrts nil Unite." Handel IN THE Arrentroon, AT 2.36 A MUSICAL SERVICE. Chairman J. G. WITHINSHAW, &el. Speaker : Mr. JOHN UPSON J.P.,ON MONDAY EVENINGAt 7.30, A MUSICAL SERVICE. Chairman Coun.T. S. STEEL Speaker REV. E. B. KEELING. Special Music and Anthems by the Children and Choir at each ROYAL COURT THEATRE. pgo.grog: mg. JOSEPH BEECHAM. MAY 8,0, 13, MONDAY, TUESDAY, SATURDAY, HARVEY WOODS' CO/APART IN " THE WORKMAN,' BY FRANK HARVEY. MAY 10,21, 12, WEN ESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY, "THE RING OF IRON,' DV FRANK HARVEY. TIMES AND PRICES AS USUAL Tel. 460. IV ARRINGTON PROGRESSIVE LABOUR LEAGUE. OPEN-AIR MEETING AT BRIDGE FOOT, ON TUESDAY NEXT, AT 7.90. . A. H. CROSFIELD H. WYN NE JON ES, S. WRIGHT, J.P., J. MORTON, J. JARSIAN and H. NEW. PROPOSED SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION. INAUGURAL MEETING IN 00LBORNE STREET BAPTIST CHURCH, AT 7.90 P.M. THURSDAY NEXT, MAY 11TH, 1911. MR. ARTHUR BLACK, Secretary to Liverpool Union, WILL DELIVER AN ADDRESS Tbe Chair will le occupied by THE REV. W SI. REID, or ST. Joss's. Se BARNABAS' CHURCH. WARRINGTON. THE ANNUAL SALE OF WORK WILL an Heto in Toe ASSEMBLY HOW!, CoNSERVATIVB CLUB, SAN KEY STREET. In aid of the Church Extension Fond, Dey School Fund and Curacy Fund, WEDNESDAY AND 'THURSDAY, MAY 10TH AND Ilyn, 1911. The Sale will be opened each day at 260 pan. On Wednesday, by MRS. SEGAR OWEN. On Thursday, by J. FULTON-SMITH, Esq. Admission : Season Ticket 6d.; Wedoesday 6 pan. to 10 •nd on Thursday 2.90 to 10 p.m.. 3d. CoUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON HORSE PARADE. The annual Parade will take Owe on Saturday 20th Nlay. Entries which •re to be made at 110, Bridge st., close Saturday 13th Aley at 4 o'clock. A. H. CLIVE, hon. worsts/7. IN is Hereby Given, that s General SESSION .LN of the Peace for the County Pslatine of Lancaster will be holden at the County Sessioos House, Islington, Liverpool, on Tueedey, the 30th May, PaiLat half-past ten o'clock in the forenoon. The Solicitors engaged in prosecutions st the said Sessions are rrquested to take notice thet all instruc- tions or indictments and depositions ere required to be rent to the Clerk of the Peace's Office seven days at bast before the said Seesion. HARCOURT E. CLARE, Clerk of the Pont.. Clerk of the Peaces Ofneig Preston, April 1911.

COR,;.•

A I.DIF H..; Jam Real Whaleboo• rS • te• uiIMO ; Dim t loons M•oufacturers ; 3. t•A . .1., Fn..— D. pan mentW. ALDIK COR.III. i•OTUKT, Lbeep•lda, Porl•stionth.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
'(-1171-14:1 i rittO

NO 1581 ONE PENNY

Dated 611 May, 1911,

===== 0002601_19110506_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
• X.l AIM

SATURDAY, MAY Ei, 1911.

GEO. F. F. WHITE, 3, Egypt Street, Werrrington, Clerk of the Coropeuestloo Authority.

IT POST I 1.71 d. per Quarter 61. per Annure I. Ild.p•retterter credit.

TEE TH LXOItS TEETH J. H. PARKINSON TEETH MANCHKSTER TEETH ATI F.N D TEETH 9 EGYPT STREET.

TEETH WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY II to 'I TEETH &swims at TEETH NORTHWICH, WINEWORD sod MIDDLEWICH TEETH (8. Local Pspono.

AGENTS:

I DO YOU REAR CHICKS? . YES I Then send • postcard for ....- FREE Samples of - - 4SPRATT'S Chicken Meal 6. 'Cbikko' ' and Book or. Choke. end l'oultre Rearm& which coolants 64 ow, of oractscal oolonosoon ol value to pooh!, Wm tolught —SPIATT S 4.1. , PATENT 'LTD.. Food NW . 7 _ :7 24.15 Fentburch Street * ="4 Loodoo. E.O , .

CARTER & SON, Bridge St. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
PRACTICAL POULTRY FARMING.

(By Redcap.)

PRESERVING EGGS.

- Nov tlird the,. isa greater supply of eggs c ming in, it would be a good p'aa to preserve a few batches I an. not an advocate of prmerved eggs for market, because you canna always rely upon their soundness, but at the same time they are useful for culinary purposes. When so used it helps you to have a better supply for winter markrts; therefore in that sense it it advisable to preserve a few lots. There ate two methods of preserving eggs, the water-glass system and the other primes is lime. M ATER-1

To one pound of water-glass, add about six quarts of lsot water. After yim have well stirred this, leave to cool off, them pour the liquid into an earthenware vowel, and place the latter in a col place. The eggs may be put in daily as you collect them. Continue to add to until the vessel is nearly full, but at least a couple of inches should remain above the eggs. The water-glass can be procured from a:most any chemist. When putting the eggs away oee that none are cracked and do act tut thin-shel!ed ones in tither.

Pour one gallon of water on to 11b. of quicklime. The day following well atir the mixture and add to it 6 or. of salt and I oz. of cream of tatter, nnd mix the whole ingredent t well together. When the sediment has settled place the eggs in an earthenware vessel and pour over them the clear liquid. You may try both these processes of preserving eggs and adopt in the future the most reliable. Let me remind you that when a preserved egg is to be boil. ii, that the large end should first of all be pierced with a Mo. This allows the gases to ware and der idedly adds to the freshness of flavour when boiled.

MARKETING EGG,

When the supply of any commrdity is great it is quality which commands a ready sale. Therefore you should of necessity understand something of the art of marketing eggs. First of alit should separate the white ones front the brown rms. Then I should g, over them again and take rut all the smallest eggs— these le- the way could he treed for preserving. Then I should wash all tainted ones ha, re finally packing. Now some people mix the eggs, but I prefer to have them separate, you could have one basket of brown ones undone with white eggs. They show to greater advantage and at the wi-h of customers they could be mised when purchased. Now at the present time we are getting a great supply of egga and as already stared it is the quality which will Fell the eggs. It will doubly repay you for the trouble you may spend in sorting, wishing, and grading. Another important point hile dealing with the egg question is flavour. It does not always prove that a nice white-ehelled egg spells fine flavour. And unless the laying stock have access loan unlimited supply of clean drinking water, and ale kept away from kul middens and the like, you cannot hope to have eggs of a good flavour. Everything depends on dens wholesome food and pure water ; given the=e you need have no doules. All the foregoing remarks are important to those of my readers who make a epeciality of fresh eggs for market purpoees.You grill not only please your customer n by so doing but add new ones to your list. blight I to, pardoned fern bit of personal pride ? When by chance afr end may dine with me and an egg forms a part of the meal the flavour is alwaye commemed upon. I simply make the reference to prove that it is because I feed on good food, and supply dean water in abundance that makes the flavour of the eggs no appetising.

THE MONTH OF M It.

This month should I e shwa the busiest of all, especially with those who cater for a seaside trade. To such, let me say, that no time should be loet. Hatch every available egg and rear every chick possible, bruit. oath. reason progresses the demand will increase. In fact, I look forward to a record in both the demand and consumption of British products. This is the month also when spring-cleaning ought to be done. All houses, coops and nest boxes should be well lime-washed and the exist toe of the hbuses and runs tarred. You should select a day and windy day tor lime-washing, as it in detrimental to the stcck if they go to roost in damp houses. It will not be out of place ill rewind you of a suitable preparation. Get a bucket and place in it a piece of quick lime about the sine of one head, pear over it boiling water, to which has been added a pint of paraffin oil. The latter lea good insecticide, and when so used it ins veritable insect destroyer. It is also a good plan to apt inkle a few handfuls of rpricklitire on the Our of the house and work it into every niche and crevice. Every perch should be removed and the perch-sockets well soaked with paraffin, for it in here where the red mite makes its home.

I do not suppose for a moment that you can net every hen that becomes broody, thelefote you should adopt some method of inducing tbmn kr return to mire profitable operations. The old-fashioned and inhuman methods of ducking them overhead in water and starving them for A few days need not he !everted to. All that you um d is a spare coop wherein to place the broodies. Let the mop be no that they cannot perch anywhere but on the floor of the coop Do not starve them but rather on the other hand fet d them liberally on plenty of wholesome soft food and lean meat. This will excite the actions of the ovary and they will soon come on to lay again. Let the coop be no placed that they may constantly see the met of the at, ck. Quiet- nese will only Add to broody propensity while trcite- meat helps thr m to break it off.

The changeableness of -ibs. weather and no much cold rain brings with it quite an epidemic of colds in the p( ultry yard. I have had to treat a good number of late which have been suffering with severe colds. I have only one remedy to offer p u, it is timple. but very effective. Take a bruin of strong Condis Fluid, bold the affected one by the legs and with the rigl.t band tale bold of the wattles 'and dip its bead right into the fluid. Continue to do this twice a day for several days and keep in a warm place and they will soma be alright again As sOOO as you detect any

128 EGOS per day arerage for December, 126 January, from 250 bens.—l claim to have the best Loving Strains in existence in White Wyandotte, and hull Orploglons ; Eggs 3e. 6d. per down.; untruths replaced. Inspection in•ited.—J. B. PHILLIPSON, Whinny Clough, Goonnargh, Preston (Railway Station, Loogridge, Slime miles).

===== 0002601_19110506_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
rattling of the throat separate and treat at once. If taken in time a fowl ia soon cured of a bad cold. A very small quantity of the fluid in the drinking will prove beneficial in warding off disease of almost any kind. I have always found Condy's Fluid invaluable in the poultry yard, and I can strongly recommend it, wonderful curative properties.

I.OOK AFTER TRE CRICK, !

To keep the chickens healthy and to encourage growth they need every attention. They should not however be kept too warm. Providing they have a nice enrol and dry place to run to at will, they can stand a gloat deal of cold weather. It is necessary for me to remind you of three important hints on chicken rearing. Very much depends upon the actual resubs in this tlirection ; no that eel .1 attention moat be given. As the youngsters continue to mature, and as they derelope in feather growth they need a tonic; I can recommend nothir g tter thin sulphate of . . . .

iron. This can be given inn the drinking water about twice a week until they are in full plumage. Don't forget ti at a plentiful supply r f green food and green bone will assist them materially. Given a good start they 'arid repay 3ou alien they are fully matured, and evlri!e 1 coked to I e forgiven for repetition 1 realise at the same time how essential it is. A good many poultry keepers 111.10 n forget early instruction, aro you must not mind renewed suggestione.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Eggs. Poultry, etc. NO DEAD CHICKS

By yming only ARMITAGES DRY CIIICK FOOD It will ;my you. Chicko reand on this Food alone weigh 20oz. at 5 week., commence to lay it 5 month, An Bd. hag (by post IsSreers 12 Chicks till 3 weeks old. Bap 4d., Bd., Is. 4d., 21. ed., etc. Makers Y— ARNIITACIE EROS., LTD, POULTRY FOOD SPECIALISTS, NOTTINGHAM. SOLD BY : CARTER AND SON,

===== 0002601_19110506_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
CORN DEALERS, WARRINGTON.

-BUNGLE FOWL BOOS, b. 84. per aittlag.-3.1 0.1 Con LEV, Smithy lane, hfawdealey, Ormakirk. VipiTTE and Blank Leghorn BOOS, b. 64. doxen ; • v carriage paid; unfertile replacod.-0A UKROO ER 38, Waterlo, rd, Burnley.

nLACK ORPINGTON EGGS from menthe birds (Wilkioson's). Ss. 13d. dozeo carriage paid.—Miss SALROW, Cioderbill, Bury. 1114 LACK Leghorn's EGGS 3e. dozen, breeder of Ist Altrinchem, Ist Dairy, 3rd Crystal PAWN lid Woolwich, 1900.—W. Reeves, 203, Railway st., Nelson HOUDAN EGGS, prolific, Ism. (Carter's straio), 2s. 9d. sod Ss. dozen ; unfertiles replaced.—E. CARTER, Byron Farm, Morecambe.

CARTER'S ("Old Established Firm "), massive Aylesbury Duck Eggs 35., Indian Runners 25. 9d. doseo.—BYRON FAR', Morecambe. VERTILE EGOS from our noted winter lavers, Black legh,ras mud Buff Orpingtons (Cook's) Si. d 0...; Chicks 7a. dozen.—WagirtELD, Houston Cottase, Claremont rd., Senforth.

- GOS pure bred Mite Wymndottee, Butt Orpington., IPA 11/bite and Bleck Leghorn. and Anconme ; eplendid Ilqing strains; belching eel] ; 3s. sitting.—Haygs AND SON, North Cottage, Freckleton, Lanceebire.

EGGS for hilt inu.—Beff Orpingtone, White Wrendottes, While end Black Lauber., Blue Andaluniann, Black klinercas, Speckled Susaex Hemlines, Ancona., Runner Ducks all at 3s. per dozen.—J LYSONS, 455, Stubabew Crone, Anbtoo-in-Nlnkeilleld.

EGGS.-265 Strain White Wyandotte.. This strain won the twelve months aid other laying com- petitions. Trap nest used 3s. 6d. ; Pellets. 2s. 6d. dozen.-1300wa, The Nest, Bunhurs. Chtshira

IN the 190 R-9 Street laying competition sic white Wyandottee (pen 20) laid G 53 eggs from October to Msrch. My birds ere bred from these, inhariting their wonderftil laying powers ; sitting 3s. ; unfertilee replaced.—A. D. CLARKE, Marsh Farm, LOWIOII, Lancs.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER & SON.

All lands •f Grain and Meal, hfedieleee, Oyster Shell (sod Grits of .11 slam), Bose Meal, Grinel

Biscuit Meal, Chicken end Turkey Meal, Chikko Pellets, Fattenog Meal (Armitage'. Dry Chick Foal), Peat Mom (fine

Meal, Flakerina spie.tue .ciarl Chicken lilted Poultry Zorn, Dove rood, Parrot rood, Rabbit rood, Calf

Maki, all Cattle in bop), Coop, Fountains, Foods and Tronghs, Game Foods. M I° .° ° ° POULTRY CARTER & SON,

BRIDE STREET, %VARRINO TON,

Corn Flour and Provender Stores, Corn Millers.

I - • - ke? rj Fo Fr • -

===== 0002601_19110506_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
HORSE DEALERS CLAIM.

Six Years Old Case Lost.

At the —Warrington County Court on Thursday, his Honour Judge H.Y.Stanger, K.C.,delivered jerboas nt In the action which ass held at the previous Fitting of the Court, in which Mr. Enoch William Sankey, horse dealer, Croft, sued Mesas. Walker and lloniftaye, brewers, for £6B for • bay mare which plaintiff alleged be had sold defendants in March of 1905. Mr. Harold Smith, M.P. (inatructed by Nlemes. R. Davies and CO, appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Wingate Saul (instructed by Mem. Sutton and Co., blanchester), for the defendant. In giving judgment his Honour asked what the con- tract was that was mede in March 1903? The plaintiff mid thst the contract wan that the horse would co into the defendants' possession after two days trial and after it had neared a veterinary surgeon. On the other band the defendant said the contract was that they stern to try the horse for 23 day. and that they were not to be responaible for an, damage that might le done to tbe horse during that time. The plaintiff had co one to rely on except him- self, and he had no memoranda to corroborate his view of the ttansaction, except that he said that If such term. which the defendants alleged to have been made, had been mentioned he would not have parted with the horse. It appeared from the cross-examination that there was at least one occasion on which the Man- chester Corporation bad purchased a hoise from the p!aintiff on such terms. For the defendant, Mr. Allto femployed by Jlesars. Walker and Homfrayei and Mr. Robinson mid that the contract was for 28 days trial, and this was also shove by • copy of a letter which tly y said they bad sent to the plaintiff to receipt .rf the horse. Mr. Harold Smith, who eppeered fur the plaiatiff end who put the asee with groat force and great ability, said that if the letter had bran received it would have confirmed defendants' case. Them was also sufficient evidence to show that whin the horse died before the end of the month the aelendents wrote to the plaintiff repudiating liability and later forwarded El,the money obtained by the sale of the onrcese. On the shot. looking .oth. correspondence in conjunction with the verbal testimony he thought the weight of saltier sew.. plainly on the aide of the defendant,. Ili. Honour Love judgeteot for the delve:lmmo.

IRISH AFFAIRS. NOTES FOR IRISH READERS.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
VETO BILL'S PROGRESS.

Wednesday night of this week marked an event of more than passing interest in the ; history of modern politics. The Veto Bill , finished its long and arduous Committee stage, the preamble being dealt with at a , single sitting. It is true that the meaning and purport of the preamble—that is the reform of the House of Lords—had been debated over and over again, but still the celerity with which the later clauses of the Bill have been disposed of compares remarkably with the absurd prolonging of the talking on the trivial point at the outset. Never perhaps have we seen an opposition go to pieces as the decomposi- tion in the Unionist ranks shewn in the past few days. The collapse of their obstruction was of such suddenness as to cause some people to suspect that an arrangement had been arrived at between the Leaders of the Government and the Opposition, but on the Ministerial side no countenance whatever is given to this suggestion. The Budget being down for May Ist. means that the Veto Bill will leave the House of Commons after the second and third read- ings early next week. There is a strong impression now growing up that the Peers will deal with the Veto Bill without undue delay, since they have nothing to gain by prolonging the procedure. It is expected by those who are qualified to know that in the committee stage,which will be as brief in the ' Lords as it has been protracted in the Commons, the Peers will probably confine ! their amendments to one—the exclusion of Home Rule from the operation of the Bill. The core of the political importance of , the hour will again be proved to be Self Government for Ireland—and we Irish are ; quite ready for the fight. A NOTABLE HAND-SHAKE.

The presentation recently made to the Speaker and Mrs. Lowther, in celebration of their silver wedding, was quite a unique compliment. But there was a significance in the ceremony not noticed in the Press, which will surely appeal to Irish and English alike. From the time the Irish members entered Parliament down to to-day, they have always been in the position of a permanent minority. The Nationalist members have, for o.ivious reasons stood aloof horn the social ' life of the House, as a legislative assembly, and have consistently remained outside. What finer token could be found then of the better conditions existing between the two peoples than to find Mr. Redmond participating in a tinction which no Leader of the Irish party could possibly have attended fifteen or twenty years ago? Two incidents marked the gathering which shewed that the spirit of conciliation and goodwill was abroad. Mr. Balfour and Mr. Macdonald ascended the plat- form together—Conservative and Labour— and when Mr. Redmond and Mr. Balfour met they shook hands. We have it from an authentic source that the last occasion on which they shook hands was when Mr. Redmond met Mr. Balfour after the Irish leader's release from jail twenty years ago. A GROWING INDUSTRY.

Apropos of Irish commercial possibilities to which we have called attention here recently it is at once an interesting and remarkable fact that an Irish made dis- temper was specified for the huge triumphal arches erected in Cape Town in connection with the opening of the South African Parliament. Messrs. D. Anderson and Son, feimited, of Belfast, whose tender was , accepted in open competition, are to be heartily congratulated on this interesting success of a growing Irish industry. This firm's products have also been used, we understand, with very satistactory results in all the Government buildings and offices. We are delighted to learn that the advantage of this form of decoration, together with the beautiful range of tints and colours in which it is made by this progressing firm, assure for it a permanent and an increasing market.

KNOWLEDGE AND PROSPERITY. The case just cited is typical of the general prosperity which trade returns for Ireland are shewing. That the country is undoubt- edly growing prosperous may be seen in the comparative statement of its trade to-day and that of six years ago. In international trading in that short periect there has been an increase of more than twenty millions, Whilst there are no statistics to shew to what extent the acreage under tillage has increased or decreased, which information by the way is of vital importance, it is quite unmistakeable that Irish imports and exports have been steadily increasing every year since 1904. Of the chief contributory causes to this development, we are inclined to put land legislation first, and we imagine few people who know anything of the

agrarian conditions of the past in Ireland will dissent from that view. Another important influence and one which is not quite as well known, but to which some of the recent development is due, is the work of the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction. In such phases of its work as the live stock scheme for improving the quality of cattle, in its up-to-date scientific agriculture propaganda, poultry rearing and domestic economy,the department has quietly but effectively done work which has gone to the roots in improving the condition of life in Ireland. But perhaps its most permanent work is to be found in its provision for Technical Instruction. Industrial development of the kind we have in Ireland depends almost entirely on the efficiency of its workers. Trained Lancashire cotton operatives with nearly a century of tradition of craft in their fingers, would for a long time lead in any race for output. In this industrial training, which of course does not pretend to the almost automatic skill of Lancashire, the saools, lecturers and experts of the Department must have materially helped Ireland. We see from its last annual report that there were upwards of forty. do thousand students attending classes in the schools under its con- trol. It is one of the most encouraging signs of the thne that the most serious and strong- est force in Ir'sh education during the past ten years has been directed towards the , improvement of technical methods, which must have not only great effect on the trade and home industries, but also have influenced the temper of Irish thought and turned the thoughts of the younger generation to indus- trial enterprises and to the means of gaining efficiency in them. In an earlier time, the poet was the mightiest man in Erin, and kings shook with fear on their thrones at his reproach. We foresee that in the Ireland of to-morrow the scientist may occupy the place of the poet in the far away yesterday. As in all parts of the world where minds are broadening and intellects quickening, the reign of the men who know, the reign of the scientists is beginning. And without bend- ing the knee to materialism, we cannot help thinking that whilst they will rule over a more prosperous people, we do not see why they should not create as fine if not finer souls as we associate with the power of the older poets.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
FIVE CURED OF TERRIBLE RASH AT COST OF ONLY 3s. 6d.

, "For four months my four children suffered tortures with a tat rible rash. The spots came not about the size of the points of pins. When I put the children to bed, they would scratch themselves ut.til the blood would run. I gave them all sorts of medicine, and consulted a doctor. He tent rue two boxes of oint- ment with the inrtructions to scrub the skin evety night, and rub the ointment into the skin. I did as he raid, but it r lily made them worse. Thin it began on me. I took mecheine,hut it was of no avail. The rash was always getting won.. It only affected my legs and arms, but it covered the children's bodies all over. I used to het 60 Much IrOrSe when I got I warm in bed that I dreaded to have night come. Never shall 1 forget the torture and pain. I would set nub the rely tlerh ff as well no the bkin. I wrote a friend about it, and she sent me ointment, but it did no good. " then I lead about the Cuticura Remedies in the parer, nod decided to give them a trial. I got only one cake of Cul leers Soar, and one box of Cuticura Ointment (costing 3,1 lid.) and began to use them. From tl e first there was an improvement, and we were able to eh ep quite soundly. I used the cake of Cuticura Soap, but not all of the Cuticura Ointment, and we ere now all of us ct mpletely cured. My chtldrt n have not a mark left in them, or myself either I rival be glad to have you yubtish this to tell otter sufferers how we wet° cured by the Concurs Rerredie. after months of torture." (Signed) Mrs. McKenzie, Mackin, Clasbmore, Lcchinvar, by Lairs, Scotland, Aug. 12, 1910. Post-bee, from F. Newbery & Sons, 27, Charterhouse Sq., London, samples of Cuticura Soap and Ointment, with 32-p. took 00 the skin treatment.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
TRUST METHODS IN U.S.A.

CHARGES AGAINST TOE. STEEL TRUST TO BE

INVESTIGATED. W A 9111:C01'0N, Wednenday. An lorestigatlon Into the charges of violeting the Anti-Trust Law, which Woe been brought against the United States S'eei Corporation, bag been practically assured by snot, of the Rules Committee of the Moose of R.prest Mathes to report favourably • resolution proposed by Mr. Stanley for tie appointment of a special committee of nine memtera to conduct such an in nniry.—Reuter.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
" PRINTERS PIE," 1911.

A record Is once more schiered by '' Printers' Pie," , 1911,irbich will appear nest Monday. This eeergreen annual, edited by Mr. W. Hugh Spoltisw ode, has always bad the distinction of being sold out br the publmher in advance of publication, but this year's volume No been sold out by the publisher • full fortnight ahead of its appearance, and, from the ordros still coming In, it is likely that the demand will le almost double that of last year. Mr. Spottiswoode's aim this year has been to still further extend the lightness arl brikhtnese of the issue, and the coloured illustration end prose and verse centributions will represent the lmt word in modern humour. " Printers' Pie " will be pnblisbed, as before, at ls. nett by" 'the Sphere std Taller, Limited," on Monday May Iltb.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Fr., Bey.bin' Nrygpli,r.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
SUPERINTENDENT TURNER

Presentation from the Town Council.

At the Wearing!. Town Council on Tuesday evening practical recognition ass made of the 50 years' service of the superintendent of the Fire Brigade (Mr. Frank Turner) when he was presented with a cheque for Elbe and also as artistically illuenineted and framed eddrers which reads as follows :—" County Borough of War- rington. To Mr. Frank Turner, superintendent of the Fire Brigade. The Town Council of the Borough of Warrington deeiree to record itud to morns to you its warm appreciation of your long and meritorious services for upwards of 50 years es • member of the Borough Fire Brigade, anti for the last 28 years as sreperinteudent of the brigade. The Gamed is pleased to award to you an honorarium of one hundred pounds in recognition of 30ur long service. nod heartily congratulates you on your receiving front the bend of his Majesty King George V. a King's l'olice Medal for '5O yea.' service, distinguished by success in the organisation of fire brigade. in the town, and by repeated acts of gallentry in saving life font fire.' Given under the corporate seal thin reveuth day of March, 1911. G. IV. Joseph, Mayor ; J. Lyon Whittle, Town Clerk." The address is the not k of Al .V. Brookes end Son, and it reflects great credit upon them. The members of the Fire Brigade were present and as tl.e speeches were delivered aptly introduced expres- sions of approval. Aldermen Burton (cheirman of the Fire Engine Corn. mitte) made the presentet ion and prior to doing so he said he was gratified to have the honour to "resent to their Superintendent, on behelf of the Council sod the people of Warrington, an illuminated addrers and cheque in recognition of his long nod feithful strvicee to the horough.and also to marry outlying districts which had participated in his services for the past f.O yews For the last 50 tears he had acted as Superintendent of. the Fire Brigade. Mr. Turner'rit .t.en the greatest in st and bed neared 11011 et lime nor trouble in improving the elliciercy of lie Brigade. Ile lind elect discharged the arduous and iroportsnt duties which lied developtd upon him eith a dominant courage and deter- mination that had more than once nearly cost him his life in his 'moiety to 6,0 the property of hie fellow townsmen from fire ; but the crowning stork of his life had Leen in being instrumental in raving the Hers from lire of move, of the members of the Brigade whilst engeged at the various fires that bad occurred in the loan. 'I here heroic acts in the saving of human lives had been recognised by his Gracious Majrsty the King, who, on the 23rd February last, con. ferted up.. Mr. Turner what was known as the King'. Police Medal, a medal which was only given upon very rare end important GCC.if OP. The King, no doubt alter being mformed of Mr. Turner'a valuable servicem , to the tone, felt proud of his subject, which prompted him to say whilst conferring the medal upon him " Good mato" (Appian...) fle (the alderman) very much questioned whether there um a word in the English vocabulary that could convey a greater weight of commendation to any man than thet exprmaion of the King's ; and he could assure Air. Turner thst every member 1,1 the Council and the inhabitants of Warrington in r I amocisted themselves with the , expression of the King sod raid " Good men" in recognition of his 50 univ 30111'11' SerViCo to the borough. (Applaure.) Ile bed very much pleasure in presenting to the Superintendents Moque, nine £lOO, and an illuminated address, and be sincerely hoped that his life would be long spared end that the remembrance of that very important event would bring him much pleasure during the remainder of Lie life. , I (Applause). , 'the MAYOR said he could honestly tummies himself , with Alderman Burton's remarks. Superintendent Turner's services were such that they should be , honoured and he hoped that he would enjoy the sub- ' stantial reward whit hhe had just accepted end that the ' address would be a constant reminder of the esteem sod appreciation in which he was held.

Alierrman SNIRTIICHIT endorsed the rtrnarks of the previous speakers and Aldermen BOLTON congratohted the Town Council on having he n generous for °ace. (Hear. hear.) Ile thought Superintendent Turner fully deserved the honour.

Alderman BENXI:TT meld be vrould add hi, testimony by quoting the eppropr late lines : ,Z.ent onus nu% terms in our rough. Intend .toy

lhe path of duty Is tbe seep to glory. Superintendent! 1110E0OI reply was clameterlstiadly brief and to the point. Ile simply said he bed done bol tent and be thanked the Commit very much for the !modems prestot. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19110506_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
The Woe of Clerks.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Branch of the National Union of Clerks was held on Monday at Han Cali., 133, Sankey.street, the chief businesa king the consideration of the InMutes of the EMI, tine meeting held at Pitman's Hotel, Corporation- street, Birmingham, on April 11th. The following were the mist unportant items in the report —Five new blancher] have been 1. rued since the last Executive Committee meeting—Forest Hill, Hartle- pool, Bath, Sun thwick and New Cross; lili3 new members have been secured sires January Ist, 1911. Mr. Dallas, of the Glasgow Branch, was appointed N.U.C. delegn.e to the Scottish T.U. Congress, and the following resolutions which will inter. st &mks appeared on the agenda. The inspection of offices, the inclusion of Clerks in the Fair Wage Clause, and the employment of unemployed clerks as Poll Clerks. Inspection t f Offices The General Secretary repotted that in addition to the Parliamentary Cons- mane, I.e had ken in communication with the Labour Party on this matter, and the F•rliamentaty Committee wrote him on April Ilnb,that the Bill would in all probability be introduced shortly after Easter. The Clerks minimum wage viz.,3ls.per week for male and female clerks at the age of 21 in London and provincial t 0..,. • bas lteen adopted by the West Ham Corporation. The Town Clerk of the Poplar Borough Council bee also written to the General Secretary fur information with regard to tl.e N C.C. , Minimum. It was decided not to send a delegate to the Anneal Conference which into be hold at Leeds Co %t hit Monday.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE UNION OFFICERS SENTSNCED.

At Edinburgh on Tuesday, David Dar ing Dims", and A texander Roberts n, the secretary and treasurer ref:, vet yof the rnited °post ive Plumbers Society pleaed .ilty to embezzling £27, and nets sentenced to to And four months' imprisonment respectively. It eau ~.ited eitson bad been instanter of the society for ..rtian tear., four !icon, ago he Imbibed to retire, t it war prevailed upon to stay, and afterwards fell out of work.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

MAY. Among historic events noes ring in this merry month inav be nientioned the first Napoleon's exalts. lion to the thy, ego( France and his death as England's prisoner at St. Ilelen ; the Emperor friocleeian'a resign ition of Lis erovvn ; the Liking of Jamaica by Admiral Peen and C I. Venal,les ; An an's naval victory off Cape Fit isterre, Ac., Ac. Time May-Day supers him nicer numeral-hl In It not sepposed t be unlucky to be ii ar rind in this moth? Our I tw- subjects have it has fire and silt ara the two .no-t sacred tiring, given to in in, and if yon give th m away on lii y Dry you give away your luck for the year. 11. rho gathered on \ley Eve have rust kat and strong •inue for eurirg disown. Mares frond on this morning are supposed to be nimble, and should be runnel It is con-idered lo go on the vra•er the first Monday in May. If the fire goes out on Slay morning it is considerr d very rielucky, and it cannot be re-lit event by a lighted sod brought Iran a pr jest's hr..° e. Neitht r fire, water, irriih, n r salt ah.uld he given away rn his day for love or gurney, and if • wayfarer is given a cup it milk be must drink it in the 11,HW, and salt must be rioted with it. Ashes are often rprinkled on the threshold on May Eve, and if the print of • tot tat and crxt morning, tarried Inward., iii. rctcl's marri,ge ; but if turned outwarde, rt. ath.—" Country Life " raked these things out and made a I:•t r f them a while ago. "TIIE FRIEND OF MAN." The recurrence of tie Warrit gton and luau let Canine S ciety's ihow constrains one thee iubli,ly to *Anon ledge once in nosy that there is not a none useful creptere on the face if the earth than a seratible, well-kept dog. I have somewhere read of a far cier who was tut for a walk silk a favoup ire hull torr;er Although not a water dog, when a chitil playing near • deep pond fill in, the •nimal pluiNed after it before even Lis °weer creed get to the spot, let alone invoke his aid, and he brought the ch Id safely to land. flow earry it w. nl.l be to multiply such ins tutees; they are of almeet daily orcurrence. A mod dog is indeed the finest protector in thn world ; conl asedly, the man who goes atinrgling dreads it more than any- thing else, police included. An an old colleague of mine haa remarked, there is nothing the average men dreads more than a th.g bile. The most alarming character to be met with on the highway, or on the lonely cmntry lane, invariably loota aeltance at a dog, becaus.r he knows that at net ft-, ni training altogether the average dog will inwinctively_ fly at anyone who attempts to molest his owner. We do not mean th it if. beggar is impertine• t, ova tramp &eldest, the dog will pomptly a-nd him ah et his buena.; to expect aoything of the sort would ion absent—indeed the animal that deer at any one who spoke to his owner on the real would loon terr;b'e im'sance. Once let a stranger lane his hand, however, or even act threateniagly, and the chances are that the rh g would begin to lake an interest i r the mater, and a very unpleasant interest f r the evil-doer. FLOWERS AT FUNERALS. - - - - • •

- - --- - Ought I to one that latter word ? it is the usual one; but in the " Letters of Emelia Rime Gurney," the reader happens across such expremions as "How much Lever I l• he the word ' burial ' than funeral.'" That, however, by the if .y. In la.t week's 'hotels and noti "it ems observed that in the curse of hie sermon at the opening f Waverton Church near Wigton, the Bishop of Caili4e tads occasi mi to denounce • stray agent expenditure up n flowers at funerals. I know at le.mt ono news, riper fellow who feels very e !Tingly on this subject, and as in last Saturday's issue of this pap r, I let • similar crank have his fling in relation to wedding presents I may be permitted to quote this one. Ile writes "It is a curious thing her humanity runs to It twrre the moment an opportunity arises for an expre sion of sympathy. Then it is that sympathy bre ones a luxury No wonder that 00Mo people in their ely i g speeches say 'N., flowers, by request ' But even lb. n you cannot ut p the eathaailat fr m spending la's mons y on an object which pos.ibly resembles his grief in the extent of i s intensity. To the strictly prosaic p rson sending 'lowa s to the graveside is like f rwaiding reels to Newcastle. There ate sc. many pails in the cemetery, that even a cab full of ter, nibs doesn't make an appreciable difference for inn, than three days. And is there anything more sad or saddening in this life then a decayed wreath? When you really come to think of it, flowers as a present are a delusi n and aan ire. They are beautiful to look upon, they are exhilarating with their intoxicathg perfume, but three days of 'steeliness and charm are succeeded M • period of repugnance which t Apses all the gaiety and glam or of the pristine r acidic. ce. If we must give filarere, let us give them to living peop'e, and itt to the dear depleted. There are lots of f rmilies who have reckoned up he c ai of theft cal tributes Feld to mark the nemory of ho lamented one, and they have wondered why the money won not forwarded to the lamenting instead of wasting it in flowers. Flowers at a funeral are really crocolile ter.." With the concluding sentence in particular I do not in the haat agree ; it is aft tether ton otrong --Sent sl, in fire. Still, on the who'n it must be all tweed that there is o goad deal of truth in the feregoii g.

E TOLL OF TIIE SEA.. Now that a Warrington braoc'r is to lit for.ned, I may venture to put in a word on behalf of the Life- boat Institutim. I have by me a report issued last year, awl accovling to sent I read therein the work of thin Its nation woul I seam ti instil into all three who take an interest in it an one imnitvi amount of seal arid eatlinsiasin, and whit mold damp any ordinary" man in the street "•ppeare, on the contrary to have the effect of stirring up the w.trkers in this entire. It in feared that there are in our own locality corny who are in lifferent to the claims of thn great institution, through whose efforts—thanks to the 17,000 brave men around our coa•ts wh r are ever ready to cc-operate thereeith —couLtless thonsands if proemn human lives have been saved. During thia very goring the lifeboats will pat out all around Vette islands. True it is that the constant tan which sailors pay to the sea in too seldom remembered by us lend. men. A terrible disaster may shock its for the moment, but what of the drain that inconstantly going on ? As one writ, has noted, a boitlord of half-a- dozen survivery from some tramp eteamer le picked up, and we read of it without a flutter of die nerves. A sudden worm a:niters a fishing fleet and swamps three or four if the defenceless craft. Outside the villages kom which the fishermen come, the thing passes almost without notice. The mothers end wives of the sews and finherfolk know id this greed of the an They know that it is a tireless appetite, that it satisfies itself by ones and twos, only now and again ,speeding its pasena in some huge debauch. The sea takes its toll as death does. laud Quietly, pA,istet.fy it wears away the human resistance. The holoomurt in comparatively rare. An endless process, not a chattering episode now and then —that is the relation of the 901 to these who get their livelihoo I from it end upon it, anl we islanders, at Warringtin as elsewhere, who are so greatly indeLlvd to our seamen arid fishermen for their abso- lutely indispensable services day by day and week after week really must eon tribute our quota toward the organisation and efficiency of the British Lifeboats and their gallant crews. GOLF.

The proceedings at the annual meeting of the War- rington Golf somehow brought to my mind what the Bishop of Liverpool said not very long ago respecting golf, or gowf, or whatever we are to call it. His Lordship declared it to be "one of the deadlieet, dullest, stupidest games in the world —a territily bad business." Admittedly, this is exactly what the golfer fe.le —at times. When he has f purled his chive, played his brassy shot into the rough, messed up his approach, and faited to get down a short putt, then no adjectives are strong enough to voice his feelings of disgust with the game. There are any member of stories that one might ci'e by way of illustration. Here is one example A visitor to • course where One of the hazards was a stream, asked his caddie what the ieembers thought of this as a heated. The caddie replied. W, It, ye ken, we've an old Scotch major here. When be goes ewer the stream he says, ' Well ewer the bonus wee burn, ma laddie' ; but when lie gets in he says, ' Pick ma ball oot o' that beastly server.'" Then there is that are about a French soil an English golfer. The Englishman Wan playing my ill, and was, we regret to state, haing 1118 temper sadly. After each new disaster be would place his favrurite driver across his knee with tech an apostrophe as " Yon little blank, I've got a good mind to snap you in half." The Frenchman had an imrrfrct knowlevlge of our language, bathe was a man of infinite politeness. Ile could not bear to see his opponent apparently trying to break his dub, and failing to do to. When the next drive wan missed, he seized the erring club with a courtly gesture. " Allow me, moneienr," he said, broke the shaft neatly in hell% and returned it to its Off tier. I have previously referred to " Country Life."

The editor of that paper tells of one golfer, a very , good-tempered man, who was once sixteen holes down t , his opponent in a team match. file wont to a secluded part of the railway line at a time when he knew the Lor.don express wan neatly doe, and laid out all hier dole scrum the aiming metal.. There he waited until tho thundming onslaught of the express had reduced the culprits to spillikins. Then, with an infinitely light heart, he drove home in Ids motor at some fifty n tini an hoar, ha! a magnum of champagne for Lis &inner, and did not piny again for six months. An story-tellers, golf..rs are running neck and in ck with the smilers. I may Lot ju-t row repreduce samples of their wonderful yorne. Let a, for the present Mick to I eta —in a nutshell, tco, it that. Dering a prn- fe sional got tournament nt Barb. roe, J. It. Oke, of Su•ton C. idiieid. in attempting to ii ft over an alto Ire if at hie ball into a r ar nt. In the window of a a ell-known taxiderni:ns in Er inburgh is to be seen the kiln, of a marling perched on a golf ball, and enc'osed in a neat gala' use. The poor bird in mounted on the sphere that cnn.cd its di ark. The incident happened on tile glt cc are at Elie. The bird w 8 struck sidle in filth', and iuntantly killed That is 1:0 1111C001111, n occturet ce n the links now-a-days It us d to be the donor or the demon bowler on the cricket fell who, while at play, accidentally killorl the swell° v in flight ; now that sort of thing is renerved for the golfer.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. The Sankey Bridge Scheme.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Rural District Council wets held In llowsey Ch ocher" on Wed• marbly afternoon. Mr. J. Itsckhonse presided and there were present Rev. A. M. Mitchell, Dr. Murray, Messrs. ' G. Mather, A. Brooke, W. Fumes., P. lasngton, J. C. Sates (clerk), li. 11. Burnaeo (assistant surveyor), F. Kerfoot sod Dr. So piston (M. 0.11 ) 111.1SCTION OF CHAIRMAN AND VIOO4II trOMAM. Dr. MURRAY proposed that Mr. J. Ito khansao be re- appointed chairman. Ile complimentod Mr. Baokhoute on his coodust of the Intakesa of the Council during the past year and n imbed that belt r health would attend him during the coming yenr, alr,FcltnenS seconded and the motion was agreed to Mr. Dormers proposed that Mr. Mother be appointed , vice-chairman end drew sttetbon to the conspicsous emceeno that had attended Mr. Matker's oocup•ncy of the chair at the Board of Guardians and considered the Council were fortunate in having such en tiller excellent chairman In store when Mr. Backhonse's term of Oboe cause to an end. D. MURRAY seconded and the suction was carried unanimously.

sIIIVR.VOR ILL. Mr. B. S. Newcombe (the eurrayor) wrote stating that owing to an rye affection, bin medical adviser had ordered tbat he should rennin arrty from business for • few days. Ile added that that wan the first Council meeting he Frei mined in eleven years. The Clerk won intro ded to write ti Mr. Newcombe expreeeing the C runcirs hope that ho would soon be resrorel to health. TOR RANKLY 13RIDGic NRCIOTIATFONS FOR PRoPERTY. At a meeting of the General Purpo eye Committee„ Mr. VooNltn9 explained his .n dance with the r surveyor at the meeting of the Roads and Bridges : Committee fir the comity at Preeron with n deputation of members of the Borough Corporeti an re the widening of the Set key Bridge and road. There wee a ' disagreement letween the County end the Borough hence no fin .1 conclurion was arrived at. Ile explained on the p Ft of this Council alit; rarulo to the original co•reepondence r•nd pier, tut c rnsideration was no to chit trout, follow iu reap; ct of build- ing.; eel lands west of the and sal he advised that the Clerk end S irreyor be i stroMe Ito ...oriole the claims nil& f..r the rr (mired land and buildiegs as shown on the original plea end ale ; in respect of the premises west ol the canal with s Thor ti finding the prAntille coot ii names or the grant offered to thin Council. The committ e 'to untnended that that course be taken. The CLRIIK said there was no meson in the world why the larger rehnme was n put forward before the amount of £l,llOO wan fined upon. Mr. FURNESS said the hest plan would he to continue re;g tiatious until the whole of the land required for the ii proveMent wes acqoired. If the curt of the wit ma es, to exceed Z 1,1009 more than the grant it one, rpteetion of approsehiag the Ilonnty C mecil fore larger grant or taking whae‘er ste.s were deemel advisable. 'lke Rev. A. M. MITeIIItI.L —Are we to understood that the County Crewed kept back certain thing. ? The CLeßst.—Tbey hare kept. the mattern backer didn't find them out until a long time after the plan. The Rea A. M. mans the post inility of a considerable extra expenditure. The CLRRK.-0., yea. Ile added that the Road Board had alloorted £2,700 tor the Senkey Bridge improve- ment sod the County Council hal eubelloceted gl,OOO. Now the County C on ii were dernaoding further work tube carri 4 our. remeesit.rtinr the rex' iirement of property on the other side of the 0411 I. The pity wee th it the Rum! C u Mil Ivor not repreeented on the Bowl Board. The minute were approved. SAIIRRY AND PRNKETII SEWZRAGF. At a meeting of the Orland Pereoses Committee the Clerk reed a letter from the Clerk of the Greet Sankey Pariah Council dited 25th April re Sankey end Peeketh Boundary brook, containing copy of resolution to the ill Let Vat one brook received the ;towage from Penketh and claiming th it Penketh should c Alt ;buts to the cost of any sr-berms to abate or remove the minuets complaiued of. it elated also that in relation to ;my schense ehich might be adopted and submitted to this Council the Parish Council request en opportunity r f eubmitting olvervatione at a future stage. The Clerk wee din ctett to write to the Clerk of the Penketh Parieh Council with a copy of the Greet Seekey letter end to reorieet their obeerva- Lim" thereon, aleo to reply to the Clerk of the Great Sankey Perish Council that this Council will be pleased to eoesider any forthrr suggestions if sent as early an might be practical. The CLRRK reit4 • Idler cheat Mey 2nd from the Penketh P.rrish Council stating that they were prepared to remove what small nuisance there might he from that parish by diverting the two conteminating sewers into their own existing sewer. Mr. BRoOKS said that Penketh could abate the ;mimeos which thee wore causing end Sankey could not. Therefore if Peeketh remedied the pollution It wee quite ressocable to expert Sohkey to beer the whole of the cost. As •n uninterreted party that seemei to he the way out of the difficulty. Mr. FIIIINISUS cold it now remeined with Penketh to act. When they dii no Senile, would be prepared to take el.atever stopn were necessary in the interviste of the district. After further discussion it 41 LI resolved on the motion of Mr BROOK,, saconded by Mr. MATHee, that the Surveyor be inntructed to prepare setoirate plans to deal with tie nonage of the parish.. of Sankey and Penketh in regerd to the polluti of the boundary ditch end brook.

BURTONWOOD II %RIK Y W PIRKO. A disonssion arose on the question of Vie sewerage of Burlonwood and the Rev. A. M. Mitihtuil said that something should be done to remedy the existing state of sflaits in that perish. its. SIPIITON agreed with Mr. Mitchell. Mr. BROOKS said there won physical difficulties to contend with, coin; to the presence of miliaria in that district A portion of the ground over which the sew, r would have to p on Kai amitlnuslly sinking sod within twelve months or therethou's a new scheme would have to he adopted. D-. SKYHTON mild that the some thing applied in all °oilier, districts and they were obliged to sower. Mr. hawk:, a It means a new sewerage scheme every two or three year, Dr. SZPHTON : That is so ; but you are to have no scheme at •II according to your theory. It was eventually decided m the proposition of the Rev. A. M. Mitchell seconded hy Mr. Brooks that a meeting of parishioners of Buttonwood be convened to discuss the question of a sewerage mile ra e.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
R. S. V. P.

This is what we ask all oar read, is to do in response to the special in•itatlon at the foot of this paragraph. Before doing so, however, it woald be as well if the following letter, which reached our t face. on March 26th last, be caret ally perused.

Becton Rectory, Hereford, 25th, 3, 1911. Deer Sire,- 1 am glad to bear my testimony as to the efficaey of Solace in toy one ease. It has entirely cored, nod that very speedily, a patch of Eczema on my cheat, which I have had for many years, and which other preparations had failed to remove. I shall recommend "Saloon " to my friends.

Yours faithfully, (Rev.) CHARLES T. BROTHERS. Note particularly the social position of the gentle- man who in good though to speak no highly of this wonderful preparation, and which removes immediately sey doubt art to the booe-fides of mob testimony. West we want to die now is to convince you also that " Solwro " immediately relieve. and permanently care. (without iojusiog the tissues of the skin) ECZOJIR (wet Or dry). Ringworm, Psoriasis, Blackheads, Pimple., Facial Eruptions, Piles, Boils, Rash, Scabies., Boson, etc., etc. Remedire Limited, 8, Doke-street, Adolph', London, W.C., invite you t• send them 714. in return for which you will receive one In. V.,.1 pot of "Solaro." Thie is not a sample, but • Is. 7,tel. pot. (Mention " Warrington Examiner.")

===== 0002601_19110506_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Mt GEORGE FORSTER, of Nowentloso-not IN THOUSANDS OF CASES and in a number of disorders have Dr Williams' Pink Pills proved their ability t restore health and tcreogth ; this they do by creating New, Good Mod. In this way al,me have they 'need Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Debility, Ansonia, Indigestion, Headache, Backache and Nervous Disorder.; aloe ladies' ailments. Of dealers, or direct from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 41; Holborn Viaduct, Loudon, ltd. for one box, or 139 t.I. for six, post free. Send for booklet, 'Diseases of the Blood," poet free.

• „ •. irr • .• • 7 ' • 0 # .

===== 0002601_19110506_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
A Strong Man's Unexpected Collapse.

'NEVER THOUGHT THAT I SHOULD BE UNABLE TO WORK THROUGH ILLNESS." Prostra'ed by Rheumatism, Neuralgia and Debility. he found In the New. Good Blood supplied by

Dr Williams Pink Pills a cure for all his troubles.

There was nothing uncommon about the circumstances surrounding the misfortunes that befell Mr. George Forster, a Newcastle man employed at the famous Elswick Ordnance Works on the Tole. Upright, muscular and broad-shouldered, every action indicated trend health end a rautt constitution. Yet, es with 'natty more men, struck down by a chill, most painful disorders developed, and, with his blood impure and weak, it reemed unlikely that be would regain his lost strength. There is something specialty intrructive to all workers in the deacription he gives of his cure. Speaking of the time when his weakerm was at itiworat, he remarked " Nothing but tr,uble seemed to face me before Dr. Williams' Pink Pills came to my ressue:' This statement was made at his home, II!, Elswick East Terrace, Newcasile-on-Tyne, where he related the full Flory of Isis sufferings and cure by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, which placed him on his feet again, an earnest and energ. Cc worker. A CHILL STARTED THE MISCHIEF.

"It was about 12 niondis ag be F. l d.d, L. that my health bloke down through a cl, I. Nothing had ever been amiss with me is fare, and I mom thought that I should be unable to work through illness. I got low-spirited and too eahauted to work. Rest did me little good, and my nerves were all out of tune. " Then my joints grow stiff and Rheumatic piing caught me in the loins. A. for appetite, I could aearcely take a mouthful of food with any comfort. Later I had hod attack. of Neuralgia and a weakness of the ryes. The Rheumatism became worse, and a dull gnawing pair spread along my spine. Every time I bent my back or raised myself cruel pain shot through my lairs. " All this time I was losing strength. My blood was impoverished and my face wan as ' yellow as a guinea.' I wasted away and could not even leave the house. For mmtlis I struggled on like this, well nursed and treated with different medicines, but things began to look very black indeed.

"To come to my cure. My wife, who bad been cured, f lecornot H. Ataxia by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, urged me to try these Pills. After taking a few boxes the Rheumatism won easier and I had lem troultlewith my back. I persevered with the Pills and my appetite got keen ; food nourished me and I became more active. As I continued with the Pills the Neuralgia ceased to troll& me, and all traces of pain and weakness left me. TI, .nki alone to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I som picked up my full strength, returned to my um k, and have remained gait° well ever since."

===== 0002601_19110506_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills

(ALL 11011111 IIiIiZRVID.3

mood, besides, for cheerful songs. Clearly, if May's epirit on to be broken, the proceed would be no easy one!

The night of the ball arrived, and very Icively May looked in shimmering sktin and pearls. There was a general impression that she was engaged to Walter Comerford, and most of the girls envied her her luck; but she neither confirmed nor denied. She seemed in high spirits, however, end her father and suitor—not very keen-witted men—were quite satisfied that she was getting more or lees re. coneiled to the marriage arranged for her. She danced with Comerford, laughed at his rather lumbering compliments, and flirted with other moo; but Walter did not mind. "When she is my wife," he said, "I'll clip her wings." May, meanwhile, kept watch on time and weather. It was a night of fitful moonshine and darkness; the sea, ruffling into light foam under a fresh breese—a fine night for sailing, the girl thought, with a prescience of her lover's daring scheme. It was near ten, and Walter Comerford came up to May, to beg for the next walls. "I am tired," she said, carelessly. "I shan't dance the next two dances."

"Then will you sit out this one with met" May shook her head. 'You are not suffi• eiently amusing," she said, coolly. "You talk too much, and my head aches." "I will be silent," he said, frowning, nevertheless, at her manner,.

"Oh, that's or I shall know you want to talk. Please leave me alone. You shall have the fleet dance after supper." "I shall not fail to claim it!" He bowed and withdrew. _ .

"If you can ! muttered the girl, looking after him. She rose—she had seated herself near the door—and in a minute had contrived to slip unnoticed from the apartment. Ten minutes later, a alight form, clad in black, and carry- ing a handbag, stole down the back stairs, limed the terrace, through the library win•

aow, and eped awe' townirds the cliffs.' The throb of the ban and the tread of the dancers "dancing in tune," reaching her ears as she fled. Down the cliff - pith chat went. skilfully and cautiously. sal as she reached the bottom ',stealer s tall figure ap- peared, and his outstretched arm. received her. "My darling," he said, passionately, "how good of you to come? This way—closeby,Jim PenflriVe craft in lying outside. Did you know he was a smuggler? We make for the Devonehise coast—for a place called Ben- siva; and to-morrow morning early we shall be married; I have the special licence with me. You are not afraid, sweetheart?" "No, no!" But she trembled, and clung to him. "Derek, they will soon miss me. If they should dlr.:over anything, and pursue? Comerford'a yacht in lying in Aberavon Bay." Falconer laughed. "I am prepared for that, dear one. She is half a mile off, and they'll have to get ty steam; and even then, they'll be sent off OA a wild-goose chane across to the Irish coast. Still, we mustn't lose time. Thin monh, is againet us; they

may sight no. Come! Round the next bend, May found Jim Pen- dril and two other seamen, and a boat pulled up on the beach. Into this Falconer banded the girl, and followed. The three men puahed her off, scrambled in, and falling lustily to th 3 oars, the two rowers were in a moment dancing on the waves, rapidly diminishing the distance between the shore and a vessel which lay bobbing at her anchor—a big fish- ing-smaol, but with no line of white about her, and able to carry a press of canvas not usual with a smack. "There's not much accommodation be- low," said Falconer, as they neared the yes- sel—"ratber rough for a lady; but luckily, on such a night, you can remain on deck. I know you'd rather do so." "Oh, yen, indeed!" May answered. "I'm a seacoast girl, you know; a capful of wind won't blow me away!" The Nellie was clean enough, at any rate— made no, no doubt, in anticipation of her un- wonted passenger. May's cloak was a warm one, and Falconer wrapped her up, addition- ally, in a big boat-cloak, and settled her in a snug corner, he himself helping to work the veenel, for he was no tyro at this kind of thing. From time to time he went to look after his treasure, to exchange a few loving words and steal a kiss, and n strange exulta- tion filled his heart as he looked aloft at the fluttering sails, and outward to the "world of waters," and heard the breeze humming in the rigging. The Nellie was making pod way; but, for all that, Falconer kept a keen look-out astern, and in the gleams of moon- light, hitt far-sighted and practised eyes could see a long way. A sailing boat—even with • fair start—had not much chance against a steamer, and the wind was a bit choppy. "It might be a squeak if they was to sight un, eir," said Jim Pendril. But if they believed your lad's tale—and stood o over t the Irish coast—" _ . . . . ,

"Still, we've lost ground, bestin' up agin' the wind, yer one, sir; and they could eight us—with that bloomin' moon—"

It flashed out from behind • cloud as he spoke. Falconer caught up the tekscope, and raked the horizon. "By heaven!" he en. claimed. "There'. • sail astern—a steamer. She's standing over thin way!" "It mayn'i, be the Aurora, sir—and she wouldn't sight us—' "Not yet," said Falconer, netting his teeth, "but presently—" Pendril took the glans and looked. "That's the Aurora," he said. grimly. "I know her well; and I blieve she's sighted us. What shall we do, eirt " "Alter her eourne—stand out to Rea," said Falconer; "it'll be dark in a moment"— pointing to the black cloud, even now begin- ning to cover the moon—" and we can tack, and run back on the Devon coast, while the yacht in searching for on." "Right, air—we'll do 'em!" said Jim.

It was not long before May was aliened, and as no one had ace° her in the vicinity of the ballroom, her maid won sent up to her tress's apartment. The abigail. returning, threw a bombaheß at the feet at father and anitnr. Visa Mae'. hall-dress—wssi shinit on I

teach; abe beraolf was- nossberF ?wits seen, and the jewels she had vmra, me well me others, had disappeared. Speedily, the house of Eitringham became like that famed in border ballads, and in Scott's verse, when the " lost bride of Netherhy " danced out to home and stirrup with Young Lochinvar; as did Dorothy Vernon with John Manners. " She has eloped with Falconer!" Mr. Euringham cried. "Depend upon it; he has been hanging about the place." "Eloped? But how?" cried Comerford. "There's no train from anywhere within reach after nine o'clock." . . .

"No," said old Euringham, "but there's a boat belonging to Jim Pcndril, and Pendril is a smuggler, though he can't be convicted. It's the aort of elopement that would com- mend itself to Derek Falconer. But there's your yacht. We can give chase, only, first discover, if we can, what hae happened." The village had gone to bed, but it was noon ascertained that Pendril end two other men were mining, and " Pendril's lad," roused and quentioned, admitted, with ap- parent reluctance, that " master's boat was to ran over to Ireland to-night, but he (the lad) wann't to split." The story might be true, or might be (as, in fact, it was), only a blind. The swells at the Tower were left to depart as they chose, and Mr. Euringliam went down with Comerford to the ya-5.4, lying in the harbour clone by. "DM count?" said the *skipper. "More like they've run to the Devon coast, or farther along this." These WWI aortae talk over this, Mr. Euring- ham not feeling sure whether the special licence which Falconer would certainly have obtained wan available in Ireland. But Pen. dril'm lad bad been so positive, that finally the skipper had orders to make all steam f!‘r the Irish roast. Thou valuable time was lest; and but for that choppy wind, which ham- pered the nailing boat, the latter would have *diesels the yacht a clean pair of heels. As it was, the lookout on the Aurora sighted the Nellie, though at too great a distance— in the rneertain light—to be cure of her identity. But the rowel was put about and started in pursuit. "I don't make much doubt she's the

Nellie," said Mr. Comerford s skipper, " and we'll soon find out, if the moon plays f air; but, if not, she may get off in the darkneee."

..... "Derek. do you think obeli overhaul net" May asked anxiously, as her lover paused be- side her. they

"It ehe doe," he said, quietly, shall not have you hack." "You don't think I would want to go back, Derek?" _ .

"No, dearest." He bent down and kiseed her, then turned away to speak to Jim Pen. dril. May. standing by the bulwark, was striving to pierce the gloom. But it was im- [tensible to see the pursuer; the yacht was too far astern, or the tactics of the fugitive had baffled her, and she was searching for her quarry in the wrong direction. The moon was now entirely hidden by black clouds, and, favoured by the darknote, the Nellie, after running out to tem in the moonlight, and so, in the night of the yacht, suddenly put about and made for the coast. Thin manteuvre could not ponailoly be seen by those on board the Aurora, which would this chase an ignis futons out to oat; and by the lime the ruse was discovered. it would be too late to catch the fugitive, if even the direction she bad taken could he decided; only, she was not likely to attempt returning the way she had come, as the wind would be against her. Falconer and his "skipper" did not, how- ever, relax their efforts; indeed, for all they could tell in the present gloom, the yacht might not be very far astern. Away sped the Nellie, with a stiff breeze on her port quar- ter, which sent her almost on her beam, whole the spray flew over her in showers. But May was accustomed to this sort of thing, and never dreamt of going below, bat remained on deck, delighting in wind and wave and stormy sky. "Benalva Head!" sang out Jim Pendril; and May's straining gaze could discern a dark headland looming up on the port bow. Round the headland swept the Nellie, and into the little natural bay formed by it and the inward eweep ef the cliffs opposite to it. In that snug cove lay the little village for which the fugitives were bound. "I think we've done 'em, sir," said Jim Pendril as the vessel was hove to in safe moorings. "There's no sign of 'em." While the boat was being lowered Falconer mak the class. and &wont ths Mariam,. acres. which the brat rand atreat or dawn was breaking. There was not a sail in sight. He ' shut the glare and turned to May. "Baffled!" he said, quietly. "Come, the boat la ready. I'll see you again, PendziL Thanks for your good work to-night. You'd best lie here till broad morning. You're safe out of sight here, unless they stood right in shore, which isn't likely. And if you are sighted in the morning, why "—he laughed— "it will be too late." May was handed down into the bast, Fal- coner following, and a few minutes later the runaways stepped ashore. Falconer gave eonio loose money to the men, bade them good. morning, and they turned back to the boat, while Derek led his young companion up to the sleeping village. "You must be tired and hungry, sweet- heart," he said, tenderly. "I am going to take you to the principal inn. I know the people, and we'll knock them up and have some supper. Then I'll leave you in the good landlady's care, and go to the Jack Tar, further up the village. I'll call for you at half-past seven, and take you to the church."

In the early morning. these two knelt be- fore the altar of the little village church and were made man and wife. The sunshine streamed through the east window, end fell upon the man's dark head and the woman's brown curie like a benediction. There vere no brideemaids, no wondrom "conlectio34," no crowd of smartly attired. chatter,ng guests; Mit .thgre was love and faith, and trust in tliereeent and the future. The solemn words in which husbaad and wife dedicate each to each honour, reverence, and lifelong 'terrine were no conventional utter-

IMMO, to be net snide by courts of law or nullified by base ntotivew in the speakers; they were the true speech of heart and will, hand clasping hand, till death shoold them sunder. They came out into the churchyard. and immediately heard • hum of voices, and the sound of running feet. The next moment the churchyard gate was pushed open. and two men strode up the path, followed by a number of villagers, and came fare to fare with the fugitives. They were Mr. Euringhem and Walter Comerford.

...... "So, sir," began the first, furiously. "w• have caught you at last!" "Unfortunately for you, Mr. Earingham." Interrupted Falconer. coolly, "just a little too late. Your daughter is my wife." "A lie!" cried Comerford, angrily. But it wan not Falconer who interrupted now; it wan the prie.nt's voice. Meru and re- solute: "Ermine me," he said, "bat I cannot have any violent language or conduct here." " Are you aware," cried Mr. Euringhnm, surveying the npraker with no friendly gnus, "that this young lady hag run away from me, her father and lawfal guardian?" "It hardly lay within my province," re- plied the clergymen. gravely, "to interfere in the matter. The lady in of an age to make her own choice, and was clearly willing to be- come Mr. Falconer'n wife. Mr. Falconer had npecial licence. The merrier is lawful, it cannot be undone."

... It wan melee, to make • scene, especially an the villagers were looking on with keen in. terent, and one of them—• hose/nail —vouch- eared the audible in!nernattme, is broad Devon, that they lady Pod gesdieseas had Some in a sort of mungglieg craft, sad the o'her two chatted them in a yacht. The yacht wee lying in the harbour now. May stretched out a pleadtng haned to her father, but he turned •way, bin heart NI of bitterness and wrath, the deeper beranne of the clever manner in whieh he had been duped. That running out to see wan clearly a rune, and the Nellie had pet about and run in to Bertalva. It wee a mere Amine—as Fal- coner learnt later—that the yacht, returning from her fruitless quest, had. put into Den. sive, where the Nellie, riding at anchor in the little bay, at once proclaimed the truth. "Father wilt moray forgive me in time," May said, wistfully, to her husband, en they travelled up to town. "I don't think myself, sweetheart," wan . .

the annwer, "that there'n anything to for give. A men han no right to interillee his child to his own desire for money. But I under- stand your feeling "—he drew her to him, anything her tenderly—"l doubt his keeping his anger long." But Mr. Euringharn wan not ..n. very 1.1m7y1.

bin prrnon. and'it was -not till Mtlo. littla non was some seven or eight months old that her father unbent. and opened his arms to the fugitives. Jim Pendril had given up smug- gling now, and settled down into respects. Willy, and the Nellie carried no morn unlaw. fel cargo. But Jim was never tired of relat- ing the events of that famous night, and tell- ing all who eared to hear that he'd never done a better night's work then when ho shipped Mr. Falconer and Mies May over to Ilenelva to get married. "And give the yacht the slip, we did," chuckled the old fellow; "led her off on dance. That was a lark, that was! I'st prouder than ever of the Nellie, that I sm." - -

aim END.I

spasm= yams lo sot • felon. 4%

RATS & MICE

IMIN. Is Rya. IS ammast“ otbse uomais Wel* Tub. 111,- f Tbrot Tuft. 144 g Pen Fn. tram— DANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., 11,1 il6 a laaa .er., aft •• au

===== 0002601_19110506_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
rHE BUCCANEER'S BRIDE.

BY INA LEON CASSILIS Author of "Counsel for the Defenoe," .•ifor Another's Sin," "la She Guilty?" "Philip guston's Play," he.

"Mist ! Who is that? "—a man's voice, quick and low; then out of the darkness glided a dank-robed female figure, and the man caught it to hie heart and held it close, with broken words and kisses preesed on soft, yielding lips. Above them towered the peat red cliffs of Aberavon; against which, at high tide, the sea dashed itself in foaming fury; but now the tide was out, and the waves were mobbing and moaning on the beach, with presage of coming storm. The wind was in the south - went, driving a scud of black clouds before it; but lovers take little heed of sky or sea, and Derek Falconer and May Euringham were no exception to the rule. "I daren't stay long,' the girl said pre- sently, when she could speak. "They may miss we. Oh! Derek, what shall I dot Father declares that my engagement to Wal- ter Comerford shall be announced at the ball next week; and if, after that, I remain obetinate, he will take me abroad, and we shall be parted—you and I; be will break my spirit, he says." Falconer drew a long, deep breath, and stood eitent, pressing the slight, trembling form closer to him. An old story, this. Lin- ton Euringham, owner of Euringhain Tower, on the wild coast of Cornwall, was resolved to sacrifice hie only child to Walter Comer- ford—wealthy, end a great man in the county, whose money would assist the some- what decayed fortunes of the Euringhame; hut Cupid, in the shape of handsome Derek Falconer, interfered with Mr. Euringham'. plans. Falconer won not rich, neither wee be a very poor man; but he seemed a pauper compared with Walter Comerford; no he was forbidden the house, snd May wan ordered to give him up. How she obeyed that command was apparent tonight, when she stole out of the house, down the rocky cliff -path—which had no terrors for her accustomed feat—and met her lover in the darkness, under the shadow of the tall cliffs. By-and-bye, Fal- coner spoke, slowly: "They mustn't take you from me, May. It isn't that I don't trust you, dear; but you're only a giel, and once youere beyond my reach No we muet find some way out of this mem, sweetheart." . .

"What way?" she said, clinging to him. "May, darling—you know there are smug- gleru on this enact?" "I have heard there are," she answered, wonderingly. "But—what has that to de—" "With our trouble? A good deal, maybe— if yeu put yourself in my hande." "Oh, Derek! What are you thinking of?" 'He laughed and kissed her. "I have knocked about all over the world," he said, "and I am something of a buccaneer. I'd sooner take a fence than ride round by the Fete. The bold, daring way out of • difficulty ut always the eaeieet to me. Will you trust me utterly?" "Derek, you know I trust you!" "Very well, then, dear one; do as I tell you, and adk so questions. The boll it next Thursday. Contrive—somewhere about ten o'clock—to steal out of the ballroom—get on a dark gown and a cloak, and come out to me here 11 the cliff - path. I'll manage the rest— ' "Derek!" "Will you do it., May "--straining her closer—"for love of me—for dread of the parting? You trust me, dear?" "Oh, Derek! Yes —yes! But won't you tell me—" "Nothing. If I fail—but I Phall not fail— let all the blame be mine, and you know no- thing. You promise to come?" "Yes, Derek; I promise." She was trem- bling, but the sweet, firm lips shewed no signal of weakness. "I must run back now," she added, "or they will miss me." "They don't suspect I am in these parts? You are not watched?" Falconer asked. "No; but if I were long absent, it might arouse suspicion. I dare not come again be- fore Thursday." "Best not. Good-night, sweetheart." He Missed her lingeringly, then let her go, and the girl sped back to the Tower, and was soon safe In her own chamber.

"I think," said Mr. Euringham to Walter Comerford, the following evening over the walnuts and the wine, "that May is growing more reasonable. Absurd to suppose that a girl barely twenty will break her heart for • man!" "Falconer is a very handsome man, isn't het" asked Mr. Comerfond, himself fairly good-looking, in a heavy style. "tea; and a devil-may-care, romantic sort of fellow—juet the one to take s girl's fancy, but not to make a good husband." said Mr. Euringham. "May will settle down all right once she is married." .

"Oh, yeA !" returned Comerford, smiling; adding. to himself: "I will take good care that she dots settle down. No romantic non- sense for me!" - - •• • • • •

May, in the drawing-room. was thinking of her lover, and of the coming ball, and—after- wards ! And a charming old story of a ball and an elopement wan also running in her curly head; but she had promised to trust Derek folly, and to ask no questions! When the gentlemen came into the drawing-room, and Mr. Comerford asked for a song, May went to the piano, and sang "Robin Adair." " A stupid sentimental thing!" said Mr. Entaughaut. irritably. May opened her brown eyes. innocently. "Coo of the qweetest songs ever written, father dear," she said ; rind linen commenced ! another in the same vein—" Ye shall walk in silk attire." Walter Comerford bit his lips savagely. and his host angrily told girl tu,vnog some- thing more cheerful ; but she shut the piano, And raw. She was tired, site said; and in se

===== 0002601_19110506_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
TO CURE NERVOUSNESS AND INDIGESTION.

BY A MEDICAL MAN.

A famous specialist 0111S3 said that nervousness was the primary cause of nearly every chronic ailment. The work of all the vital organs such as the heart, stomach, liver and kidneys, is directly controlled by the nereous system. It is sly natural then, that when the nervous system is out of order the work of all the vital organe suffer accordingly. Indigestion or stomach trouble does not cause nervousness or irritability, but, on the contrary, nervousness canoes indigestion, which is the only way in winch the etornaeh can tell you that the nerves controlling it are out of order. To cure this nerve illness, and at the same time the stomach, kidney or liver trouble, you get your chemist to put up in an Roz, bottle, half an ounce of Tincture Cardamoms Compound, Kr, 2 ounces fhilnido Compound, and 3 ounces Elixir Simplex, and enough water to fill the bottle. Take a tablespoonful of this nerve tonic about twenty minutes before meals, and if particularly weak and run down, two tablespoonfuls may be taken. Chew your food thoroughly and drink but little while eating. NOTE; This is one of a series of calm:ibis articles on the cure of the health which trill appear is these co/tonna iron time to time.

ST. HELENS AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. GREENALL CHALLENGE CUP.

The replayed eembfinal between Itylands Recreation and Sutton took place at Sutton on Saturday wheel the wiremeo achieved in easy victory. Tbe first belt was well advanced before the Recreation began to @siert their superiority, but directly the backs got their machinery in working order there wee no doubt auto which wan the superior aid°. Brand wood moored in fine style, for Bran:hall to place the goal. At half-time Ryland:, lead war flee points. In the wooed stage the leaders bad matters all their one wty. Iforrocks scored another clever try, whilst Bramball showed his rue abilitim by placing another Bee goal from the touch hoe. Derbythins and hlc(inwan completed the discomfiture of the Sutton men when they dripped goal., and in the end the record was SR follows —ltyloods Recreation, four goals two trims (It pointa); Sotto., nil. Mr. J. Black- home, of Leigh, officiated an referee. Sylauds' now meet St. Helena White Rue in the 88.1 to-day.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL. THE IMPROVEMENT IN THE PUBLIC HEALTH. The Mayor and Slum Properly.

CRITICISM OF THE COUNTY COUNCIL

There wan important business for consideration at the mentbly meeting of the Warrington Town Council on 'Tuesday evening, and fortunately it was got through without any of the lively "wen. " which marked the April meeting. The Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joaepb) presided, and there were also pretient —The Deputy Mayor (Alderman Forshaw), Aldermen A Bennett, W Bolton, T Burton, John Evans, James Evans, W Pierpoint, .1 Smethurst airl I) linaien ; Councillors GI Archer, T II Ashcroft, W 11 Belli., 'l' Birtles, J Broadhurst, T Chantler, E Cunnington, J Dickenson, J Hislliwell, J Hawthora It Bernthal', C Jackson llolmos, W II J Jenkins, F T lisLhford, J T Locker, Dr McKee, 11 Roberts, J Sankey, J Shetland, 0 Toole and W J Wilson ; Messrs J Is Whittle (Town Clerk), A T Hallaway (Deputy Town Clerk), J Fairhurst (Borough Treasurer), T Lengdtn (Borough Surveyor), W S Haddock ((Jan Engineer), IF V L Mathis. (Electrical Engineer), J M Murray (Director of Edtmation), Dr J C Hibbert (Medical Officer) and J Grey (Water Engineer). COUNCILLOR HAWTHORN (30NC RAW LATED.

The MAYOR offered his eougratolations, on behalf of the Council, to Councillor linethorn, on his recta marriage, and viielnol him long life, prosperity and happiness in his new venture. (Appian.). Councillor IlAwmioirm thanked his Worship for his kindly sentiments which he heartily reciprocated. Ile maid he Considered it an honour to have riceived the congratulations of the Mayor In the Council Chamber of his nativetown. Despite the hard knocks which Warringten got, it woe a town he loved nod which it vat a pleasure to wee. (Applause). TOWN PLANNING.

_ _ ..... Ate meeting of the Street Improvement Committee, held on March 30th, the Town Plenning Committee of the Warrington Korai District Council atteoded, and discussed at length the area to be comprixed in the proposed appliratit.n for a scheme under the Act, and ultimately agreed to submit the suggestions to the Rural District Council, and to let this committee know their decision. At a meeting on the 31st March, a deputetiim from the Runcorn Rural District Council attended at the invitation of this committee, and dis- cussed at considernMe length a proposed combined scheme for the torough and part of the rural district. The deputation expressed themselves in favour of • c, mbined 'wheelie, and stated that they would take the instruction of their Council with regard to it. Aldermen Bitaxett moved the confirmation of the minutes, and mid the committee hoped the public bodies referred to would be able to co-operate with them in the scheme which Would be launched in due course. They would be more successful in their work if they could work harmoniously with ad,ament authorities, end that wel.l..h!tir!mbition and desire. ...—..—

THINKINGNECKS."

===== 0002601_19110506_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COUNTY COUNCIL ANRSANSEY BRIDGE.

A GROSS SCANDAL" The following proceedings of the deputation appointed to interview the Main Rondo and Bridges Committee of the Lancashire County Council, were read end ordered to be entered on the minutes of the Street Improvement Committee:—" 11th April : The deputation or oferrod on the actir n to be taken and the representationa to be made at the interview with the Mein Roads and Bridges Committee of the Loocoshire County Council with regard to the witiLli of Sankey Bridge sod county roads, and it arm agreed that the Chairman ahould express the view, of rho Corporation at the iuterview. Ilth April: Tie deputation waited upon the Main Roads lad Bridges Con miller) of the Laucarlaire County Council and the committee, after listeniog to the views of the Corporation with regard to the widenirg of the county 111.1113 roads contiguous to the borough to 60 feet, declined to entertain the attunes, ion that the caw bridge over the Sankey Canal I horrid be placed in such a position that, if Liverpool. road should be hereafter wideind to 60 feet, the bridge would he in the centre thereof." The committee pained a reaolution expresoiog its ilimatiafoction with the result, of the interview, nod regrettiug the I.k of foresight and enterprioe exhibited on the port of the County Commit. " ''''

Aldermen BKNNErI anti: You will notice that a deputation from the committee ban rust the Roads and Bridges Commit tee of the County Council at Iffeston in reference to the widening of Liverpool-rood and the bridge scrom the Sankey Canal. We pointed out to them that no Wire spending something liken qo toter of a million poundo in widening our four main thorough:- fairs, each or which accommodates a largo amount of county traffic, entirely at our own expense, to sixty feet; that, in one opinion, elicit this was too little, and that we wire actually waking our now bridge 110085 the Alo ney not lion than eighty feet in width, again entirely et our on n expense, and largely for the accommodation of county trollio. In face of thin, ge sake,' them whether they could not see their way to olden the canal bridge and Liverpool-road, at least as far an ilord-lane, which is the main rind to St. Helens, to not less than silty feet ,• or, if that wire int pomade, at any rate to erect the bridge in such a position that, if the road were widened at a later period, the bridge would be in the centre, instead of, ai thee propeme, in the L ft-hand corner, a very lop-sided, unsymmetrical arid unsatisfactory arrangeme,t. They heard our tale, requested on to retire, and, althrugh we trete supported by a deputation from the Rural District Council, on calling on back into the room they told us not only that they could not are their any to do me suggested, hilt that their,' cision was unanimous. I ventured to inform them that, in my opinion, it was a decision which did not reflect any credit on the County Council. 'rn me it in simply lamentable that a body of men, presumably intelligent, nhould take no small a view of their responsibilities. And their unanimity only makes tho matter POI.. It shows a curious gent of consideretion for the a lobes of to Important county borough, ghich for centuries has been thy gate of Lancashire. It emphasisen tie. injustice of Ike preeent allocation of the grants from the Road Board. It makes the need for some comprehensive nystem of Loan planning more clamorous than ever. And it is a profound discouragement to every programive municipal Rdministrator in the country. One scarcely asp tared the Main IR ads and tinders Committee to "think in continents," but ono hoped, at least, that they would not think in bottle necks, for that is the only way to describe the arrangement they propose at Sankey Bridges; and if, in these dnye of many-nided and continually lucre. ins traffic, forty feet is all that they can rise to on the loading thoroughfare between the two chief cities of the North, and at the entrance ton busy town, we might as well go back to the Middle Ages at once. At any rate, my committee feet it to toe an imperative duty to place on record their protest spinet " the lack of foresight and enterprise exhibited on the pert of the County Council." (Applause.) The MAIN:RI seconded and said he corroborated and cordially agreed with everything Alderman Bennett hod maid about the Lancashire County Council. Aldermen TINNION pointed out that the original scheme brought before the County authorities wan for bridge worked by hydraulicn or electricity and lifting up on the same principle as the Tower Bridge, London, the width to be not less thane.° feet. The Corporation si as prepared to give the County Council every con- aideration in the widening of the part of the road that was within the borough. When the scheme was pro- pounded by the County Fitidgemaster, however, the Corporation found they were naked to con- tribute half the coat, and the West Derby Hundred end the County Council a quarter each. Under those circumstancea they could not entertain the proposal. Ile had hoped in the meantime that the Corporation aoold have got Letter term,. At present it was a gross scandal that an important borough like Warrington, and the main road between Liverpool and Manchester, should be throttled in the , any that was suggested. Ile hoped it was not even now too late to make representations, no that at any rate the bridge nhould be a greet convenience, and not converted into a hindrance. Ile should be glad if the numid opinion of the Ronda Committee could be changed. (Hear, hear). The MANOR : We are told that the deciiion is irrevocable._

Aldermen TINSION : I am sorry to hear it. Continu- ing, the Alderman said he hoped all means were not expended to induce the County Council to alter their decision and melte* bridge worthy of the name. (Hear, bear.) Alderman James Evans contended that the matter could not have received adequate consideration in the time which the County committee devoted to it. The Corporation had not finished with the improvement at Sankey Bridgen and they bad the power, whatever position the bridge was placed in, to deal with bottle necks. After the very cult way in which the deputa- tion wee received he felt he would be lacking in duly to the Corporation if he did not put every difficulty in the way of the County Council carrying out a scheme which would be totally inadequate to the requirements of the town and neighbourhood. After the enormons expenditure of the borough in regard to the main roads, be believed they would not only have the aympathy, but considerable help, from the Local Government Hoard. (Applause). Alderman itatiaarr said he was glad the Council had backed the Committee up in the attittide they had adopted. Ile never liked to use vtrong language but he really thought the County Council bad shown an adequate appreciation of the duties and responaibilitiee of their position. One felt it all the more lemmata at the present time the County Council were getting con- siderable giants from the Hoed Board. He believed those grants were largely mired from taxes on motors end petrol, to which people living in towns were the principal contributors, and it sae only right that Corporations should have some share in the allocation of the money. Apparently, however, the towns were not only going to he deprived of their share but County Councils were going to distribute it in an arbitrary, narrow-minded and tineatisfactory manner. He did not think the placing of obstacles in the way Of the Count),

Council won I y to deal with the sites. Lion because, nett as 1.1. County Council improvement wee, it was somewhat better than the existing state of thing, and one did not wish absolutely to block it. Still it would serve the authorities right to do so, and he thought the Local Government Board would be able to take • broader view of the question than the dignitaries of the County Council. 'the Corporation had considerable power under the Tose Phoning whetter, and it e ould be quite compatible to bring the widening of the roads within the four corners of the scheme. If the hoenl Government Board were behind them they ' woold he able to get abet they wanted. (Appleuse.) The MA VOlt said he did not think tho Council quite appreciated the manner in which the deputation were received by toe Ronde Committee at Preston. 'I hey were treated in a mallow not worthy of a deputation from anywhere, let ohne from n county borough like %Warrington. There was no necessity in future to send a deputation ; in fact, it would be better not to do no. lie did not from the first expect they would get tiny- thing,because the committee of the County Council had made op their stied, before-band, and they trinity listened to Aldermen Runnette repreeentations. The maim ity of the members rat in • listless or impatient manner uniting for the miler to no (lane with. The commiltte could not have cantidered it much at all, because the deputation were not kept waiting above a minute or two, lie emphasized moat strongly the indignity the Council, through the depot., lion, toreived. The mintate were then conflrmed.

Cooncillor lIROADIIIIOiT tOor to mention smother matter on the minute. of the committee but en, informed that he wan out of order. "1 think '' Le com- mented "thnt it is entirely unfair. (Cries of Chair." It iso most ireportont matter and you. role me out of order. (" Choir.' ) It inn downright home." THE PUBLIC HEALTH.

MEDICAL OUR MILK SUPPLY.

The annual report of the Medico' Officer of lieal h ! was the moot important question arising on the minutes of the Health Committee. As recorded in our last issue, fir. I litthert ratted attention to the serious con- tamination of our milk smartly oith the germs of Ire., culosis. At a meeting of the Health Committee on April lath the Medical Officer of ['earth submitted ' , reports on the r•orincation of pulmonary tuberculorie, and after conaideention the committee decided to con- time the present practice of voluntary notification by private medical practitioners. It has also here resolved :—(a) That in view of the aerions menace to the public health mining from the extent to which tuberonlosia exists at the preaent time among cattle and especially among milch COM., the President of the Loma' Government Board end of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries be urged to accelerrte the promise I lagialation which stall enjoin on all local authorities throughout the country, uniform and efficient action and to make provisidn in such legislation for the reasonable corapmaa ion of the owners of cattle for lons involved in tie compulsory slanghter of diseased animals. (b) That in the legisla- tion referred to in the above resolution provision also be made for the payment of compensation to butcher. voluntarily sorrendering tuberculous carcases. (c) That a copy of the above be sent to other local authorities with a request that similar resolutions be peeved •nd forwarded to the Government Department. reforreddo.

-6;1;1-Eiji:It JAME, EVANS, in moving the adoption of the minutes, spoke at some length on the medical tanner'e report, which he said was not only interesting but gratifying to the Council and to theta.. generally. Ile bad not forgotten the last report, but that night they were on THE HRH:I:TER SIVE Or visions, and were in the happy position of reporting that thv death-rate wee the lowest on record in the history of the borough. (Applease). Ile hoped the Press, instead of going round an they did on the last occasion with the esteem, would give on aide publicity to their virtues as to their failings. Alderman TINNION : Apparent foilings. Aldermen JAM its Evaas : Our npperent failings. I gladly accept the worthy Aldennaren remark. • •

CoLinuinc, Alderma Sys. eaid.i;id;, lifter the last report bad been tuhmitted, that Warrington bad been made the black 'pot of the eaith. Ho wee plelßPd to be able to Ray that night, however, bet been or of the non-pn valence of two particular dist-ogee, whoop- ing cough end menalis, TII6 INPANTIL6 tTII-ItATe Fad corsiderahly diminiqed. (Hear, hear.) Ile impressed upon the public the neceseity of isolation in reference to these particular din, uses and the calling in of nodical assistance, in order that through the agency of the invertora, the help of the mothers and the better condhion of the homes, thee would be able still further to reduce infantile mortality and the general death-rate. Since the adoption of the Town Planning Act the Ifealth Committee had conaiderably more power to deal with

===== 0002601_19110506_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
INSANITARY PROITATY.

Whilst those Louses, which, in be opinion of the Medical Officer and Borough Surveyor, were beyon-I redemption, were closed, it would be gathered from the Medical Miner's report Boit considerable work had been done by the owners of the small houses in which people were called upon to live ends decided improve- ment had taken place. The Health Committee acted wisely in conferring with the owners, wed in the majority of cases they had found them ready to carry out not only the requrata of the !health Corumittee,hut to to anything in reanon they could to pot insanitary and poor properly ion condition to live in. Much was hoped front educational work, lett Alderman Evans mid that already, throne!r the action of the l'aving and Sewerage end Sanitary Works Commmittee, the doctor end himself we-e fully satis- fied that good resells were being obtained. On the 'lineation of TI'IIF.RCULOSIS, Alderman Evans said they all recognised that it was a most important one. The committee were spending a considerable sum of money in dealing with such dimness an scsrlet fever, diphtheria not enteric fever, and yet they found considerably more deaths from tuberculosis than all the rest of the infectious diseases. Dealing with the " human source of infection," be said the majority of the easee were in the poorer homes, where !satisfactory isolation wan impossible, and it was because of that fact that the committee had been try- ing to do something with the Sankey Sanatoriem. There had been two bojs at Sankey for [some weeks and their general improvement was very striking ; in fact the Medical Officer had hope in each case. Whenever, however, there wars a caae of small-pox, the patients would have to return to their homers at once, and they could not be further helped until the small-poz had disappeared. The preaent spasm of detecting

TIMERCI7L;VS MILK

was very cumbersome and unsatisfactory. They could not control the farmer and they could not control the beast, and it was becamie of that fact that they had two resolutionn on the minutes of the Health Committee with referentoe to the subject. Further legislation MA needed. Tuberculous cattle might be sold and tree. (erred from place to place, and the authorities of one town might only be the moans of disseminating in other pl ices the disease germs which they had gone to considerable trouble to drive oat of their own locality. He did not see how the Board of Agriculture could help bringing in a measure of compensation to the farmer, for after all a beast sag forfeited in the interests of the public, and it wan a hardship on the roan who had bought it in good faith. He hoped some basis of compensation would be laid down and that would bring about a better condition of cohesion and ors-operation, and the farmer would not feel that he was the only person who was losing for the public good. The Alderman, commenting upon the meat supply, said there car not much to complain about in Warrington as the butchers had been very ready voluntarily to surrender any beast they had found in their poruseesion which was affected, whatever the loss had been—(hear, hear)—and the loss to some had been considerable. Alderman Evans 'n reviewing the general work of the committee, said a paragraph in one of the local papers seemed to inf r that the committee were a sleepy lot of follows, and only rose to the occasion bromine the spurs had been applied by the Medical Officer. He wished to refute the statement, and, as chairman, to elate that he bad never been associated with a more self-sacrificing body of MOB than thine who constituted the committee. ((fear, hear.) He had seen their work growing, and if

===== 0002601_19110506_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
i'HOSI WHO TOOK SUCH NARROW VIEWs

of their work woeld spead two hours with the com- mittee, at their meeting.,and sometimee more,they would came to the opinion that the members, if noise brilliant as aome—(laughter)—were doing to the beet of their ability what they were called upon to do. (Hear, bear, I and applause.) If some of the complainer., with only just a smattering of knowledge, would come into the Council and spend some of their leisure time on the work which hnd to be done, instead of golfing, they , would be benefactors to the public. The committee, whatever might be their failing, did their "level bent" in the interests of the town. (Applause.) Alderman Bi RT. seconded, and stud the report reflected great credit upon the Medical Officer. He regarded the great increase in the number of exemp- tions from vaccination an a very serious matter. He well remembered how, many year, ago, almost every third person one met bore evidencee of having suffered from smallpox. Hs sincerely hoped the fathers and mothers of the present day would not invite the recurrence of sock an unpleasant state of things. Alderman IlestNerr cord it use his plening duty e n that occasion to accord the Health Committee unmitigated praise. In the past he had keen criticised for calling attention to certain facts with regard to the health of the borough which eere not flattering to the town, but he now had the satisfactien of feeling that the Health Committee and the public had awaken« d to the (set that many of the evils were remediable and they had worked in a whole hearted way to bring about an improvement. It must be very gratifying to the Mayor to know that in his lint year of olli.e Ike death rate was the lowest on record. (Hear, bear.) 'lley had every tenon to hope Hist even greater progress would be made in future. A little vibileago he hoards member of the Council admit that he did not read the Medical Officer', report, and he seemed to think that was some- thing to I e rather proud of. (Laughter and cries of "Name.") He would not like to expoire that !member to the criticism he no well deserved. It use, he maintained, absolu'ely [obligatory on any member of the Council who took Ilia duty aeriottely to study the report and it would not be a bad thing if , they bad to pass an examination on it. (latughter.) It !sent down to the roots of the municipal well-being. (Hear, bear.) lie noo esperAally glad to notice the rapidity with which some of the wont slums were , disappearing. They had been a black spot on the !

municipal record in the past, and the Corporation hed had great difficulty in dealing with them because their legislative powers were not ample. They had greater powers now and hens glad Ilancommitlea were acting up to the apirit of them and also that many of the ov nem were loyally cooperating. Nobody desired to inflict any hardship opon any class of the community, but the petite health was par...mount and they mts.t place that before anything else. The figures referring to the infection of the milk supply were of a highly alarming character. They ought to take • definite line of action which would lead to an improvement in that directiou. Ile wan clad to note that the committee had been bold enough to approach the matter from a national standpoint said IMO end( avowing to arouse the authorities in lxindon to take action. He did not know whet the solution mould be bet as one closely interested in agriculture, he ean glad to hear the sugge.lion that Janne., and butcher@ shcold Fe treated , with consitteration in the matter of compensation. %feu often hey were not sinners but sufferera for the public good. Ile wondered if ever the committee had aeriouxly cons.dered the possibility of hawks a municipal aterilirsed milk supply. 8. me authorities contended that auok a scheme wan at altogether an unmixed blessing as the milk wan avid to lose nom., of its nutritious propert in, hurt they ought Stacy rate to do everyt,dog po.sible wilitio their limited power% cr sector, an unoontaminated milk lowly at the veryt source. (11. r hoer.) Great as was the . . . .

I jirtiiir-ti;renic‘n-t—"in the health of —the ”Torati.;;', it ens a shock is find thnt the death!! under the age of five years were considerably Over .50 , per ceor, of the total. While ei many little children etre dying, he did not think the last word bad been said on the eriluret. Ile was not absolutely enti.fled with the sway in which the Coniniittne had dealt e ith the smoke nuisance. Only 117 observations wore taken during the year—be doubted whether it was one ol.n.rention per chimney. The nuisance mesa Crest and eerien,n nine, whether from the point of clew of public health, cleanlittese, or the city beautiful, end the authorities ought elan to get rullident control to ore. vent the mansion of injurious acids chick were grednally killing trees and doing irrepttral.le damage to the lamely vote of the neighbourhood. Councillor HAWTIIOIEN said they did not slob to become n mutual admiration society but they were entitled to oongratulate thenmelves upon the excellent report of the Medical Officer. Warrington seemed destined eventoally to have as low a death rite no feat class ern-porta. The Health Committee were doing strenuous and self-sacriecing work, for they had been meeting practically every week to dieoess the question of property and the ut ilia Ilion of Sankey Sanatorium. Ile did not think that in the past year they had felt the mu benefit of their Inloure, and he believed that next year they would be able to show evanlbetter recent. Councillor Lane Yuan expressed concurrence with the mann, in which the Committee had approached the question of the meat !empty. Ile thought it would efford much satisfaction to Warrington butchers. Councillor Homers joined in the extreme satiafaction with which the report had been received and slid every credit wns due lothe committee trod officials for placing Warrington, 5,, far !re its health record wee concerned in an unprecedented position with regard to tuberculosis the possibilitiee or the distribution in the borough of 2,600 pints of infected with daily were really terrible to °emote/deter. Ile agreed that legislation ought soon to be brought in which would provide compenention for farmers and butchers who had unfortunately suffered Inns through the coodemn Ilion of beasts, of whose con. dition they were ignorant at the time of purchase, end than give en impelnns to the strict control of two source. of food supply. Still, at the !one time, he hoped the Health Caminittee would not, In eases where breaches of the Into had been committed, ehrink from putting into operation the pueitive powers they already posseseed. The interests of the children of the Lisa mnarafter all, stand poransitiot. The MAN oft thought it would have been an excellent thing if the Council had devoted a special sitting to the consideration and discussion of the report. Much good might linve testified from the adoption of such a COOlllO Whirin he ad•ocated last year. Ile added that the committee bad b.:. able to present such an excel. lent report because of their persistent, consistent and determined effort* to improve the health of the town. They did not resent pust criticism, but they dil not WOOL to le told that there wan, fear of their becoming backslide... It ere evident from the report that the cases of scarlet fever had been of a very much milder typo thin hitherto. It PAP, h !never, scarcely possible to corncratoiote themselves upon the records of diptheria and typhoid. Commenting upon the pleseg4 in the report wherein the Medical 011icer touched upon the housing problem, the Mayor said he had before advo- cated that a atilt sherd 1 be made with a scheme of municipal dwellings, sod added that there oould !scarcely be a bettor way of

COMMEMORATING TUG CORONATION than by erecting nn experimental block of tenements, which would probably constitute. example ol what could be done in that diraction. With regard to the ' slums, they had unfortunately got many of those undesirable quarter" in close proximity to the grendest and met beautiful part of the town. Within is few yards of the fine ehops in litidge-street they hod IMMO of the nice t. unhealthy quarters, physicelly, socially and morally, in Warrington. That strict seemed like a whited sepulchre, a venee: of grandeur cove, ing over a maim of senutior. Referring to the statictim regarding vaccination, the Mayor inid that ekes it short thee ego he expressed the opinion that Warrington was practically safe from an epidemio of small-pox, it win based upon the adage that Titter, avnii its own reward. Warrington being, an he thought, n well•vaccineted community would have its reward iii immunity from small-pox. It wan nothing short of criminal for people to claim wholesale exemptions, which meant not only damaging the Mancea of the children in escaping a loathsome and disfiguring disease which often brought with it death, but also setting up a grave danger to the community at large. The question ehould be brought before the public and the niagistrates no well, not that has desired to influence the jmticee but be thought the granting of exemptions aro e from a mistaken conception of the ease generally. Alderman rINXION : TilOy (the magistrates) Inve no option, unfortunately. , The MAYOR : The law seems to say " (let two foolish people together to sign a certificate and this flagrant act of injustice to the outummity can be eccomplished." I believe no magistrate is compell id to I sign one. "• - .

Aldermen Pi mummy said that there was no report issued by the Boruirgla of more interest, to him than that of the Medical Officer. Ile had read it from cover to cover end be saw what good work had been done. With reference to tubercular disease he thought the committee bad found out that the disea. in • bovine animal was very dangerous owing to the enormous quantity of Itiburcular milk that was con- sumed. In conclunion he said he wondered whether the Health Committee had taken Into consideration the necessity of providing a public abattoir, as he thought that if they possessed one they would to avoiding considerable danger in the future from diseased cows. In his reply to the discussion Alderman JAMES EVANS nail that the work which was tabulated in the report was by no means all that had been done. With regard to the smoke there was a general observation of the chimneys of the town continuously and Alder- man Bennett, if he probed further, might find that something else effooted vegetation besides smoke. The resolution of the Health Committee on the question of , compensation to farmers whose cows were destroyed owing to tuberculosis would be sent to neighbouring , towns and through those resolutions pressure might he brought to bear upon Mr. Burns who was, he under., stood, considering a Bill dealing with the matter. The minutes of the Health Committee were carried. , THE ALLEGED CUT-IHROAT COMPETITION. ALDERMAN PIERPOINTS. EXPLANATION, Alderman PIERPOINT ID proposing the minutes of the Gas Committee said that at the last Council meet- ing lie mid that the Gee Committee were having to put op with unfair competition from the Electricity Committee, but from a schedule which had been sub- mitted to the Council he withdrew the words " unfair , no After the minutes had been seconded, Alderman SMETHURST said he was very pleased to hear Alderman Pierpoint retract what he raid about the competition being unfair. THE TRAMWAYS. "SOMETHING HAS ro BE DONE." The minutes of the Electricity and Tramways CAE- midee having been submitted, Councillor BROADHURST sold he would like to draw the attention of the committee to the deplorable state of the paving of the tromway lines on the Sankey route and unless either that Committee or the Paving and Sewerage Committee did something there would be a most rwriouti accident there. He himself was thrown oft his cycle in front of an approschiug car only last week. Ile thought anew track should be made. Alderman TrasioN said that they had that matter up at the Paving and Sewerage Committee the previous night, and it was became of the absence of so many members including Councillor Broadhurst, of that Committee, that no decision we. arrived at. But eome- thiug would have to be done eithsr by the Paving and Sewerage Committee or by the Tramways Committee. There moultl have tote no more tinkering with the trade, 'mouse attending to small portions of the trick would not do any good. It would be a very costly business, because they would probably have to take up the road from one end of the track to the other before it was finally settled. Whether it was done by the Paving and Sewerage Committee or by the Tramways Committre, it would have to he done properly and Snotty. At the nest meeting of the Paving and Sewer- age Committee the matter would be discussed in an aniteeble and friendly spirit. THE MAYORESS'S CHAIN. LADY GREENALL THANKED. At a meetine of the General Purges.. Committee the Mayor reported that Lady Greonall had presented to the Borough for the use of the present and future Mayoreaseis a Gold Chain and Badge, which he had accepted on behalf of the Corporation, and it was resolved that the best Hunks of the Council be tendered to Lady (lemmal for her beautiful and valuable gift to the Borough. The Ma %tort said the chain and badge was really a most beautiful present. (Hear, hear). It completed the Mayoral regalia of the Corporation, and it wan worthy of a county borough like Warrington. They were greatly indebted to Lady Greenall for her kindness in permeating the town with such a valuable gift. Ile hoped the badge of office would act as an incentive to

Mayoresses to work hard, no they really had to do. After all it wns only right that they should have some encouragement in the performance of their duties, and the wearing of the chain would certainly be some encouragement to them, lie moved the adoption of the minute/.

Alderman FoßillAW seconded. Alderman itgamicgc maid the gift of the chain emphasized a spirit which was, onfottonately, some- what uncommon in the breasts of weilthy Warring. toniens. lie had often felt that the richer people in Warrington end neighbourhood did not consider the borough as much no they onglit to do, and they did not act in that ophit of giving hearty expression to the I recognition of municipal work which was deaerved. The gift was, tharefore, all the more pl-aning becalm it served an an illustrig 101 l that there were Boor people who did recognise their work and wbo were swarms to show their appreciation of it. The chain cluld not have been presented in a more fitting or more appropriate season. It wee • happy wire,. ealance that the choir. would ter worn for the first time by the lotingest Mayorese in the history of the Borough. Councillor ItolienTs said till% as one who repc aerated a dilTerent school of thought he might say it woe only one of the many instances in which Lady Greenall had taken a practical interest lathe town and he joined heartily with the Mayor in expressing grateful thanks to her ladyship for her kind consideration. (Applause.) Aidgrman sMrrrttdnor also expressed hie thanks.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
" MACBETH."

The " Law" and the Prophets. Al Approclation.—By Alfred Perris There is a good Italian proverb —" Tutto iivervollo non in una terns ” All the brains are not to one head. Eve!), man is bound to do, whatever it may lie in inn to do, with all his might, and tine firm centre to MY own small circle of experience and thought. But ho is not called upon to think himself the axis o. the Coemos. Ile known nothing, and is able to leara nothing, who has not learnt that upon may points lie may he wrong. The strongest individual convivion ought not to Lo inconaiat .nt with the power of applying to oneself tl a law that is applicable o all other men. We tee men every day whom we think none the less wrong because they are positive, and eve ought to admit, , ' each for himself, the difference between a personal conviction and an abstract truth. The writer trusts, therefore, that Ids readers will allow, throughout, for the underlying rtservation of respect to diffei ing opinions, even in pnasages in which he may give firmest expresaion of bin own belief. He has on many occasions, been at variance with opinions expreased by critics for whom be has held the highest respect. Intellectual men have accredited actors with poetic , insight which he has failed to recognise. It is well I that there should be such differences of opinion, ' without them there tv,uld be no constant shaking to and fro of the great seine of argument, no exercising I of man's intellect _

Suro, he that made us with such largo discourse li,oking before and after, gave us not That cap itility and gnd-like reason, To lust in us, unus'd." . .

It is not quite so true as it wee, for there lien sprung up recently in some of our better-clam journals a healthy little breeze of public criticism, but it is still too commonly the case, that the re:Waken kindness of his friends, he indiscriminam poise. robs the , player f his best encouragement to niche to a high trk, to win definite appreciation for himself, anti honour for his calling. Them ban been too much of the disdainful inattmtive generosity that shames an honourable profession, and drives many a good actor almcod to despair by confounding gard and bad ituder the same mat form of empty supenilious praise. And with a proper allowance for the inexperience of the meteor as contrasted with the professional actor, the mine healthy appreci wive criticism &meld be applied to performances undertaken by time who ate understmd to dr sire the pursuit of Art for Art's sake, rather than the mere attainment of notoriety. By those who are accustomed to dramatic criticism in great Iskr sof milk and honey, the writer fears his may he thought but a bitter strearulet, but lin trusts that it will be found that the slight bitterness of flavour it may occasionally possesa will not prove desttuctive to its general wholesomeness. Some effusion. we meet with are chiefly remarkable for the wire-drawn extension of their rigmarole rather than for the critical quality of their matter, but the writer hen no wish to emulate the scholantio gentleman who wrote six volumes on a dot. With this abort homily by way of prologue, let no now lift the curtain on the players. The play begins by throwing the pall of witchcraft, and the superstition which goes with it, together with all their baneful ielluences, over the leading personage of the drama. The neird sisters are ationialh a, of whom we know not whence they are eprung, or whether they 11,1,0 beginning or ending. 'I hey ere without human passions and seers to be without human relation. They come with thunder and lightning and vanish with the same accompani- ments. But they are serious things, their presence cannot co-exist with mirth, they originate deed. of blood and begin bad impulse.' in men. From the moment that their eyes first meet with Macbeth's, he is spell-bound. That meet- ing sways hM destiny. Mr. Law, in his presentaton of these figures (for to him most he ascribed the credit of the conception and realis dim of the really awesome character of the mysterious rites precti-ed by these creatures), has shown a most thoughtful and intelligent appreciation of the purpose of the dramatist, and deserves the highest praise for the evidently indefatigable and persident pains he has taken in coaching the members of the company who played the witches, to ensure thet the rigidly serious and deadly earnest nature of their incantations and observances should be maintained without • breach through all their appearances, and with the aid of Messrs. Adonis and Roberta and Mrs. Griffiths, lie succeeded to a demonstration. There might have been more individuality in the voices and tones or the several sisters, but it is presumed that they all adopted the same model; and an the unity of their voices in the incantations produced a most weird effect, it may be °nickeled that they completely fulfilled their mission as the Weird Sisters, Messrs. 11. 0. Adams and Victor Roberta were the first and second Witchee, and Mn. Frank Griffiths the third, and saving the fact that the leading member of the trio was most prominent, having the greater part of the speaking to de, it would be most unfair to say that any one of the three was superior or inferior to the others. They were, assuredly, a diabolical trio; the stating of which fact constitutes the highest praise. The propriety of bringing on the Witches in the background of the final scene to give vent to their fiendish delight at the terrible retribution which has fallen upon the man who received lain chief incentive to the executim of his schemes from the aongestions of the a pparitions called up by them, with the injunc- tion, Be bloody, bold and resolute," etc., was open to question, as evidencing a disposition to attempt an improvement upon the scheme of the poet, as it is dis- closed in the play, and for which the writer can one no justification. Mr. Law, who no doubt was respormible for it, porp..;bly may have mtisfied himself that it was right and titling. Itellectioo, however, may modify this feeling and induce him to refrain from any such interpolations. 'lke lover of Shakespeare is very jealous for the strict adherence to the letter of the text, remembering the injunction to the players, to epeak no more thin in net down for them." Without any guide but his own powers of obaervation during the representation of the play the writer here hazards the opinion that there were only two or three of the players of whom it might be said that their delinea- tions were evolved from their own conecioumess, and were their own independent conceptions of the char- acters they represented. The rest, he thinks were subordinated to the mind of Mr. Law, who directed the production and who himself repreaented the central figure in the play. The effect was to detract asmewhat from the spontaneity of the acting, particu- larly in the very important parts of Banque and Duncan. It has heroine almost a fixed principle in the writer's mind to consider the Stage Manager who directs the la.iness of the play, as best fulfilling kin important function, when not himself acting in it, or if obliged to fill up the bill, at any rate to appear only in r as or two scenes in which he does not crecupy a commanding position. Assuming this to be so, we can on this hypothesis, the better understand our great playwright,who most probably directed the pro- ductions of many, it not all, of his own plays, pre- ferring to play the Glusit in "Hamlet " and Old Adam in" As you like it." We must not only see that this arrangement is better for the full development of the powers of the actors of subsidiary parts, but the impersonation of the leading pert being in the hands of one who is free to give his rrind wholly folks identification of his own personality with that of the character he repreeente, it is to be judged that a very much better all round representation might be looked for than can possibly Le had when the mind of the principal actor is being ccnetantly drawn away by the burden of detail which presses upon him. This, hy the way. The part of Banquo, nesurned by Mr. IL M. Ashton, had not sufficient strength. From the demeanour of

===== 0002601_19110506_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Banque, on his first appearance in the compiny of Macbeth, the impreseirm given to the ordinary spec- tator, unfamPiar with the play, was that he occupied the p-sition of lieutensot to Macbeth rather than that of a Ileneral in the King's Army,of void po ition and standing with his elmpinion. There was also a suspicion that Mr Ashton was not altogether happy or comfortable in MA part. lii4 wart of animation and Iris seemingly deferential altitude to Macbeth failed to convey the proper degree of consci run strengtfi, and the indifference with which he regarded the prophetic greetingo of the Slattern, in direct contrast with the superstiti,ts imp .rt attached to them by Mach. lb. "flood Sir, why do you mart and seem ti fear ..Things that tlo sound no fair?' . . .

All through this scene the contrast is matked, between tho op-nness of mind and filmdom from evil in thought and deed which Banque dieptays and the self e nscOtianess of the !dolt" r who hears his own evil desires and ambition, dtclared to be within reach of accompliehment and become. no absorbed in the debate within himself as to the good or ill character I,f the "supernatural wait iting "of the witch., that he hen to be roused from hitt reverie by Banquo, upon which he utters the palpable lie, "My dull brain was wrought with things forgotten" and in the nest be, ath the plau.ibly

""Kiud gentlemen, your pains Are rvizister'd where every day I turn The lent to read thorn—"

Dancer:, r-k Wig-of .SC—ill;n:l-Was enacted by Mr. H G. Mosley and though ha gave a most intelligent rendering of the lines he appeared to Ito oppressed with the weight of soveeeign•y to such &degree that he seemed qeite unable to show sufficient animation to give colour to the sincerity of his words. On the receipt of the news of M..elmth's victory in the war with the forces of Norway he exclaimed " Great ham.incas !" in the lone we initially employ in the exclamation " All right !" with a falling inflection instead of the crescendo which gives the idea of intense delight. Altogetlir Mr. Mosley was disappointing in his asaumption of thin character and the disappointment wan greater, inasmuch as we have previou.ly bad !examples of fine characterisstion front him. It was much to be regretted that some of 'he most beautiful poetic lines in the play were omitted on order to lessen the number of scenes. Duncan had to make his way into Macbeth's Castle without the formal recepti in at the gate. Duncan's reference to the " pleasant neat " of the Castle and Banquo'is beautiful lines in descrip- tion of the habits of the " temple haunting martlet ' which makes its haunts always in places where "the air in delicate," were therefore omitted and sere missed. Tho past of Malcolin WOO taken by Mr. F. G. Richmond, and to, n a very c•editable performance for no young a man. It cannot be regard. d as a congetri ml part by the actor, but Malcolm makes a ip.od foil for Maciluff in his great scene, and it is es.ential that a f irly strong, virile embodiment of the character shou'd le given as the effect of the fictitious accoont he gives of his own professed but imaginary enormities in licentionsnear, cannot be expected to evoke the disspp inboart and horror which Macileff has to give exprereion to Mlles. this deliverance by Malcolm is very stroogly marke I. Mr. Richmond succeeded very well.lt was with regret the writer noticed the arrangement for Malcolm to sit during the recital of his lengthy versales —as he is of opinion that a muck greater effect could have It en obtained by the two characters, Malcolm and Macluff, standing within a yard or no of each other during their colloqiiy. Indere' the neceasity for the use of the entire wage for this scene Wan not apparent. It certainly conduced to the introduction by Mr. Smith of a series of stage perambulations which were reminiscent of the tirne when it was reckoned the legitimate thing for a tragedmn, in a speech of 20 lines or no, to "lobe the stage," as it was termed, two or three times during its delivery. Rid ii °trail these ought defecia wore noticeable and there is little question that their absence would have enhanced the sloe of the acting, the unquestionably fine, robot and thoroughly manly impersonatioa of Macduff given by Mr. Harold Smith was rhserving of all the MC00111,1113 that have been she ...1.., llt pn . lie was at his hest in the manif,nation of grief at the hearing of the murder of his wife and children. The represmon of his emotion and the pathos put into the words, " Ile has no children," were simple and filters!, and produced the keenest sympathy from his audience, t nba brew°, succeeded by admiral:on for the fire and in rely vigour which he dieplayed on being urged to avenge the wrong which had been put up m him. There was just a shade of artificiality in the deliverance of the closing speech which we thought rather marred the previous effect of infects, and genuine earnestoese,; the 1ine5......., ......., •. • ...

" Within'n.y words' length set hits; if he escape, Heaven forgive him too!' were addressed to the gods who occupied the galery of the Theatre and bad an unreality which did not accord with the true apirit of his vrords. The speak- ing by Nfacrluff of Malcolm'a words, as a' tag," at the close of the scene, was, we thought, out of place. The scene should either close with Macduff'm srech or Malcolm should give the assurancs of comfort and cheer, as written by Shakespeare. The writer has already expressed his belief that the most markedly consistent and thoroughly apprrci- ative assumption in the play teas the Lady Manta th of Mrs Robert Garnett, and reflection has confirmed that belief. During the whole of the scenes before her final appearance in the sleep-walking tcene Mrs. Garnett gave an almost flawless representation of the woman who resolves upon the accomplishment of her husband's ambitious desires with a self-poem seed determination which inspires no with awe and tenor. Mrs. Garnett very avieely refrained frma attempting great flighN of passionate utterance, which would have taxed her physical powers too greatly, but the intensity which conveyed the idea of suppression of the emotion., was adinirably conceived. On many occasions the w.iter bias heard the passage which commence. with the invocation to the . .

" apirita that tend on mortal thottrihi.,7'—and end* " Nor heaven peep through the blanket of the dark 'To cry, " Hold, Hold !' declaimed in the loudest and most passionate manner, the last words being simply shouted. Ile was much impresaed and plmased to note that Mrs. Garnett bad not so learned her Shakerp-are, the 'lone of the plumage being given with the suppresaerl utterance which lightly expresses the dread with wl3:ch such • manifestation of heavenly displea-ure would I, heard by her. There were many little beauties in this impersonation which we should have been glad to dwell up3R, but the uniform excellence of the acting of the part throughout make, it super- fluous to call attention to particular paints. In the sleep walking scene Mot. Garnett does not no cleat If express the nerroue fears of Lady Macbeth which oppress her 31,aite as much or more than the pricking. of conscience. The speeches were spoken rather too slowly and were drawn out in long troubled breath- ings, giving an altogether sad and melancholy air to her utterances, which in several instances should have been given in quick, nervous, reeretive and fearful tones which all through indicates the fear of dis- covery which is making her life an ever present bell to her The transition from one emotion ti the other should be very markevl. The shove remark. are made not in the nature of a complaint but simply as suggesting the possibility of a more subtle render- ing of pot lions of the text ins subsequent performance. Bel •re goittg on to refer to Mr. Charles Law's acting of the principal ride—it is fitting and right that a tribute should be paid to the many ladies and gentlemen who rendered such willing and efficient help in the piecing together of the entire work by filling the sub-rdinate pat to in the play. Mr. W. 11. Brawn played Ross very effectively. His words were spoken with bee .ming force and fire vid if he had been able to impart a little more fulness to his voice he would have done better still. Mr. L. C. Daintith as Lenox, wax silo quite successful. Mr. C. 11. Robertson spoke the lines i3l the Bleeding Sergeant most appropriately. The Porter of Mr. Henry Millard was an exceol- ingle careful and consistent impersonation, though we do not quite agree with his conception of the part. To our thinking he mule bins too old sod too much of a driveller—besides being too much affected by the drink be is aupixored to have taken. It seemed • as if the wish to remain in possordon of the stage for as long as p- ble led

Mr. 11a11,1r.1 to draw out the words ae slowly as he in from a well, not a well of truth— he left that well, aide. But aer Musty, we don't like the clowns of Shakeopeare to he made into maudlin old driveller.. !They always bring home the truth of the eayiog that it talus a wise man to play the fool. We shall be glad to e.e Mr. Ballard in others of Bhakespere's droll character... Tho Doctor by Mr H. E. Travis runt the Ilentlerromen by Mini Dorothy Browne were very serious, indeed they were somewhat too flerloolll and n t Itedive. The Memengers, Messre Chester, and B. kW, ley were to be commieerated for heir rough treatment by their angry King. They played their insignificant yet important parts very well. The let and 2nd klu,derers Meseta II P. Johnson and R. C. flemmond and the two epparitions, Wady. Adams and Elsie Tullman were very faith- fully rendered.

And now this article must be brought to a close with a few words about the acting of Mr. Cherie. Law in lois port of Maclimb. We have already expressed our opinion as to the disadvantage an actor labours undo r when he has to enact the leading part in such is play es "Macbeth" and ale to direct the stage, winch with a company of amateurs requires much wore attention from him than pr. deseional actors. Mr,Lua ban filled both the pry, Ilion of stage director and the title fele in the ploy, and that his success in both has I era acknowledged by all, speaks volumes for his rapacity lilth as actor and manager. Dot the fact that Mr. Law occupied the duel position, divarmeriva..s somewhat in our desire to point out what we should '- certainly reward •• serious blemishes in otherwise good ectiog, had we not the knowledge that the con- centration necessary for the consistent and faithful portrayal of ouch a chaiacter as Macbeth could not possibly be given while the actor had such &multitude of other matters claiming attention. Still there were many pointa in his acting which appeared to have been carefully etudied and carried out, that we were in direct conflict with. 'the entire a.titude cf Macbeth in tho first scene with the witches apposaied tons out of focus, to it were, with the other character. He aeperated himself from Banque liy too great a space. In this scene also he instituted a practice of repeating a second i.e third tim., words n filch are net down in the text to be uttered once oily. That is not mem- miry, anol certainly in Shakespeare is not admissible. "Would they had stay'd" "Would they bad •tay'd," and in the murder scene in the 2nd Act. " I would thou couldn't." "I would thou couldn't, " I woeld thou couldn't." This melodramatic style of improving upon the text is not commendable. Again in the meeting with ha wife, there appeared to be a faulty appreho union of the character of Macbeth which sea, evidenced in his manner of greeting her. It will Ire noted that Macbeth has written to his wife informing her of the predictions of the Weird Sisters and this, as we hare seen, has filled lad, Macbeth wi lion almost 'permeate desire to bring about his accession to the throne as coon an may be, and when her servant brings word o f Duncati.e coming, she exclaims "Thou'rt mad to say it." It is then she Me/ the "mesas to do ill deeds" e hich "makes ill deeds done." When Macbeth comes iit she greets him, fireat (Mamie, worthy Cawdor ! 'Greater than both, by the all hail hereafter !' . . ..... I feel now, the future In the instant. lie in cowed, like the moral coward he is; and instead I f meetitig her with the exuberant spirit which she displays, he Inuit. re in a ordalued tone " My deerest love, Duncan comes here to-night." Mr. Law received Lady Macbeth's advance with what appeared the most enthurriantic approval, labia( her hands, and raising them above his head, and crying io quite a crescendo of delight, "My dearest love." and then, nail he had only. jug called to mind the fact, he turned hie heart and mud

" Duncan come; here to night." From that moment Lady Macbeth sees nbe has to take the commission into her own hands. l'ellooilitedly, one of the finest pieces of Mr. Law's , acting 1•1111 the apo.strophixing of the imaginary dagger before the inorder.uf Nouns. This showed careful thought and study and was acted throughout with good discretion. We wish we could pronourice the same favourable judgment on the remaining scenes of the play. Mr. Law, however, appears to have allowed linos, If lobe cartied away by the desire for realistic effect and he gave bim.eif full scope in ibs Banquet scene. Instead of baring the guest. dig- posed io that their tricks are turned to him when Ire is away from the table —be had them all placed with their back• lathe wall no that in all his movemenis soil his conference with the marderer he hi in full view of the company ; this arrangement of the tables being apparently made with no other object than to afford I him abundant space for his extraordinarily erratic I movements during the paroxiams of fright which Beize hint when the ghost of Banquet appears. This , was not, in the writer's opinion, a fitting repreeents- tMn of this gnat ecene —and he thinks it must have been unconvincing to many besides himself. Mr. Law was not uniformly consistent in his acting of Macbeth. At times when we expreted him to be shaken with fears, he spoke passages with the facility and ease of a mill who way in the plemitude of his power, with a super-abundant energy which he appeared unable or unwilling to repress. And this was the more noticeable as the majority of the actors in the play were subdued in speech and manlier to an extent, considering they had all been tutored by Mr. Law himself, which created a feeling of norprire that he had not imparted some of the ebullience of his own •igour to them.

And now that the entire performance is viewed dispamionately, we are aurprieed and astonished that PO few faults of importance ate to be oleerved. It was a great undertaking and has been worthily carried out. Experience has been gained which will eerve well in future venture,. It is tn be hoped that the company of players now gathered together pursue their studies and acquire greater facility in expression and increased animation in their acting It is of fret importance that the germ of a Shakes perean character ehould be understood before an attempt is made to form an appreciation of th personality, as without this understanding it is quite impoesible for the actor to embody his ideas in an impersonation winch shall convey to the auditor the mind and intention of the great dr onatist, who never wros a line that did not harmonize with and tend to illutuinste the character le was limning. Except the actor himself comprehend the meaning and purpose of the words he has to utter, how is it possible for him to make them clear to his audience. For the manner of expres.imi we must fall beck on our natural iostincte to give the right emphasis to what we hare to any. In ordinary intercoms. the simplest individual,with the most limited vccabul,ry. will make himself clearly underelood in whatever he has to aoy by emphaideing expressions be intends should have prominence, and it is thus made plain to on that the first eseential to an illuminative utterance on the part of the actor is the clear understanding of the words he has to speak. 'Shakespeare in xi national heritage, the greatest mad most enduring poeseasion we have. There is no other thing we posies., as Carlyle declare., that we might not more readily part with. 13ut we cannot give up ourriltakespeare. Ile in the grandest thing we hare yet done. In the evolution of our destiny material possessions may pa, from us, but this Shakespeare does not go, he laws for ever with us. And this heritage of ours is fast becoming a world's poseeesion. titer nationalities vie with u• so seeking to add Incurs In the name and fame of this immeasurably great ' creative intellect. It behoves us, therefore, to pat forth all our intellectual energy in the effort to 113310 - ton cur pre-eminence sera pounder. of his philosophy and as exponentn of hi, creations. We need not fear. I think, that we shall lose our premier iaosition, and we may welcome all adliereots ta the faith from what- ever un, rter of the world they mar come. It is in no irreverent spirit that the writer takes leave to appropriate and t, paraphrase the beautiful lines of our great Victorian Laureate (in his address to our or Queen Mother, Alexandra, on the °creams of her coming to our shore") to express his belief in the universality of the fee!ing which weourseless have for the great Elizabethan Bard, For Saxon or Dane or Norman we, Teuton or Celt or whatever we be, We all are one it, our lIMIMPOCO for thee, Beloved Shakespeare I "

===== 0002601_19110506_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket Notes.

Saturday thould have leen a full day for local 'followers of the trimmer spurt, but the weather willed otherwise. So heavy was the downpour that most of the pitches in W•rrinbton were unfit for ewe and, as far as can he gathered, only one match was decided in the locality. 'lke Warrington first eleven, however, had the good fortune to visit Chester where Jupiter Pluvius was in less vengeful mocd, and be engage- ment with 13oughten Ball MA &tight off without climatic drawb,cks. Wa vingt n were w iihcut their skipper, B. Silr,ck, but W. Richareson wade • good submitute. Boughton Ball played a airing eleven which included F. A. Salmon, the well known Birken- head amateur. Warrington were in fairly good form and coinpiled 120, the feature f he innings being an exhilarating distiby by 'l'. Wright who bit cut freely Out faultlessly and placed 20 to his credit. J. W. Bainbridge and Nivel!, the new professional, were associated and the pat inerebip fel'Ulld likely to be a long 0110. Bainbridge started confidently and seen put together 14 w ben he play. d late at a foot rue frcm Chart, n and Pestell 'toe aftetwards fell le I ictim to Paella, with 12 as his contlibeition.

The grime trots not brought to a decisive issue, Bounhtt n Hall Laving made lift for the loss of five wickets whtn inst was sailed. Tla mace deem, started very ingleriously for in the second over Parry in ant mptirg a third Inn had the a Hut shattered. Hawthorn distinguishing himself with a splendid return. Pencil gate a taste of Li- quality as a bowler or with only an additional run %%throe was tempted to play forward and had his off stick knocked down. Jones was bead, det sevrn with a similar ball that beat Wiloon. If. L. Chunoa did not trouble the scorers, being out to a fine catch at mid-off by W. Richards, n, who held a hot chive. Salm., however, assisted Pales to put a different complexion on tbA match and runs coming freely, l'artridge was culled up to relieve Bennett at 41. The change was successfol, Richardson effecting another capital catch at 51, Salmon having amassed 23. Hales carried cut his bat with It) to Li 3 credit.

In the Warrington and District League tl.e only match was between Sanity aid Rylands' Recreation. lie Saeltey men bad decidedly die best of matters, Whitfield (33) and Hatton (27 not eat) batting b.a- hard]e. Eight f Rylanes' were dorniseed for 14 only one pinyer Ji.gl, 13—gettirg docile figures.

To-DAY'S MAECHES. Worrington v. Anbton-undor-Lyne. Athton-under-Lyne 2od v. Wotringtco 2nd. WAHRINGT3N AND DISTRICT!.E.!GUE.

Wilderspool Brewery v. Latchford Wealeyans. Sankey v. Warrington Co Ives. Walkers BrewEry v. Howley and Fail field. Orford v. Ryland. Bros. aakey %{ ire 31ills and Wh liner°. Recreation. Boilllng Notes.

Tie Works Bowling —Al.sccietion is to be con- gra.olatt d ripen a west suspirieus ore: ing of the season. It required a Mark Tapley-like optimism to look forward to a good start on Satui day, but even the heavy &wetly or in the mining did not damp the enthusiasm or cm fiderce of the officials, and they had their reward in the welcome spells of sunshine which secceeded a cessation of r..in in the eat ly afternoon. The green at the Horse and Jockey, on which great core bad been hestowed,fas pre flounce d playable and three matches were carried cut according to pro- gramme. First, however, there was the interesting little cereal, ny of opening the new pavilion, which Mr. Rusk, rth has erected. The affair passed oft in the happh at manner, the association being honoured with the presence of Captain Crmfield, the worthy president, Mr. Harold Ml'., Mr A. H. Crosfield and others. The epeechee were characterised by great goo I humour and it was it.teresting to see politic II oppot.ents fraternising as if party war fare were no more. Mr. A. 11. Croefield quite hit the far,cy of the audit nee by • reference to the "Macbeth " performance, a good f iend baring suggested to him that the only way in which he could hope to compete with Mr. Smith'n diamatie perf. rmances was to learn -to dance a pas reid an the tight rope.

The victors in Saturday's mateles were C.L C., Fennel-street Tannery, MI d Why [flan's. Notwith- standing the ecnceasi n of 10 pints in the handi- capping, C.L C. v ete able to account f, r Lioupliton's by the handsome margin of 71—the most decisive win of the •fiernoon. There was an exciting tussle between B. Tonilinson (C.L.C.) and T. arse! (11uughton's). The wire man was the first to get going and led by 9-1. Tomlinson, however, was slow but sure aid at the twentieth end the players woe level with 12 each. 'I ben came a keen race for supremacy, and it looked as if Cornell would retain his early advantage and rim out winner for be got al-end by 14-13. glen came Tomlinson's turn, llnd to the joy of the railwayn.en, be pot a couple of points and was acclaimed winner by 15-14.

Tbete was an equally-intertsting ercounter betwean F. Dale (C.L.C.) and IL Siddall (Ht ughton'sh Dale had matters all his own tray for a long spell bat Siddall worked to such porixse that the cot temente reeled at 11 and 12.1 b.c Siddall bad a run of lack and led by 14-13 but Dole put an the boithing touch and -triumphed by the odd point.

The mime between C. Jordan (C.L.C.) and J. 'Graham (Houghton's) provided some really splendid bovli g. Gribun led tff in grand style lard liltd on 20 points I efote hi• opponent gained • sit gle. Then .Jorden lad • spell of succesges and while Graham could n.ake DO progress, the C.L C. representative ran up to 12. Graham, however, 'weaned himself and from this stage had the game in his own hands, winning with three points to afire.

Starting with an advsntage of 45 pciots, Fennell- street Tancery proved the lard a nut for Firth Matrices to track bed termed an intones to the Emmet round ly a majority of 23. The defeat of B. Collins (Firth) by 'l'. Allen (Fennell-steeet) to the extent cf 15-4 teas somewhat of a autpriee. Collini played 'well to Ile eighth end but this fell away hopelessly aid Allen had a rely easy task.

J. Carter (Ferrell-Wee° mod A. Appleton (Firth) -were very well matched and the issue was in doubt until the closing etagere. Carter started well and got 8 points in agar at Lis oi Noses 2. Appleton, how- ever, w.• cot to be caught nappirg aid after be had led 0 8 tl e players peeled at 11,12 nod 14. Appleton then bowled the vie ning weed aid gained a well- tlesit ed victory lye single point.

The gains between J. Daintith (Firth) and T. Owen [captain of Fennell-street), was highly interesting, for the players were on equal terms at 4, 7.9 end 10. FINED that point, however, Daintith did everything well and is to be congratulated on winning by 15-10.

- There was a wry liven struggle between Whyman's and Richmond's, each side being determined to go at any rate ore stage further in the tnurney. Whyman's trail the initial good fortune of 45 start against their opponents 13, but they had to fight hard to secure the lonours by the narrow margin of 3 points. G. Marshall (Wltyman's) and J. Allinder (Richmond's) provided one of this moat interesting games, and up to the seventeenth end it would have been unwise to speculate as to the winner, the honour, being equal at 0,8, 9 and 10: In the remaining tour ends ~Allinder showed superior skill and won by 15-10.

T. 1: °ghee (Ricbmord'a) and T. Lawton (Whymatt's) provided a game full of uncertainty. Each player led in turn and at the eighteenth end the position was 13-12 in favour of Hughes. Lawton, however, put Justine (lever play sod triumphed ty a aspic of /rants.

TO-DAY'S 31lTt HES.

.- ...... --......... Start. Start Fletcher, Moulders 5O Armitage 9: Rigby ... 90 OMeDirl• No. 1 . 9O Flekken No. 't :0 Moak Hall No. 1 l5 Naylor. Referee : J. Randle, Start 2 o'clock prompt.

The ancient game is booming at Messes. Crosfield's Woiks whirr tl.ere are no fewer than 300 active follower, of the pastime. On Saturday the team representing the Recremion Club lad a friendly encounter with Gossage's (Widnes) on the Hemmer mid Pincers Green at Hough Green, a well fought match ending in a sictoey for the Widnemana by 15 chslks. An excellent tea • was afterwards served by the hest and hostess et E.e inn and complimentary speeches were made by Mr. D xon and Mr. Sinele (hon. secretary), on behalf of Gosssges, and Mr. B C. Jennings (hon. secretary), representiag Crosfield's. Friendly fixtures hare been amused with the Coneemative Club, Sankey-street, On May 20th, and the Liberal Cab on May 27th and June 17th, aid them will also be a return match with Goesege's en May 131 h. A new feature this ammo is a deportment's] competium for employees of the

firm, for which there is the splendid 1 entry of 49 teams. 'The opening main has already bee, plar d and it is hoped to lave two more main, ' during the season. Lam year's winners of the Wairington Works Bowling Association Chstspion- ship—Crosfield's No. 2—have again entered that tourney as Ctosfield's only team.

To-dar's matches M the departmental comietilow will be : a Handicap. Handicap. 21 Powder Caustic Dept. vJ. Wood's tram 19 23 F. Pate's team v Wharf No. 1 17 20 Cauatic Dept. v Office No. 4 30 Reetee, Mr A Webb.

Prosrects of a successful season were unfolds d at a meeting of the Warrington and District Bowling Association Council he'd at the Midland Hotel on Tliunday evening. Mr. George Bell, jun., presided over the delegates, who consietad of two members of each of the Di clubs in the Asseciation. Mr. J. Wm d, the indefatigable secretary, intimated that the number of clubs ehich formed the Association rat the "me as last year and as everything passed if sj lendidly last time he "reeled that they would have another enjoyable season.

The most interestity business cf the meeting was of course he drcision as to ilie "kin ck-cut " com- petition snd the follnwing particularn show the position. As& re are sixteen clubs, naturally only eigit games will be plated in the first round which is t take place on May 20th and June 3id. Ihe second round ia fixed for June 101 h and 17th and the first round consolation competition, in which those clubs who ate defeated on May 20th and June 3rd will participate.

The semi-final is planned for August sth aud 12th, which is also the day for the nembfinal of the crnsola- tion competition and on August 19th and 2fith the grand fit at is sure to draw huge crowds. The final in the consolation competion has been arranged for September 2nd and 9th, and ttough this may not be of such a popular nature as the other final some capital bowling Is bound to ensue.

A main which was greatly enjoyed last year was that in which the officials of the vaticui clubs alone indulged and this has been allotted to September ltith.

713 e individual competition will again prove a source of enjoyment to many and it is expected that the entties will exceed last year's tecold of '2Ol players.

Among the rules altered was that in which neutral jacks were to be used, and as the Committee found this impracticable last year they have decided that all players shou:d me thy i. own. All corn- pel it ions are to commerce at 3.30 or by mutual agree- ment no game to commence later than 5.30.

We appind the draw for the first round which is to rake ',lace as announced above : Runcorn Bowling (tub v Weston Print. Liberal Club, Weringtnn • Ball of Diann. King and Queen v Frcdsham. C( metery v Fearnht ad. Balton v Fgertnu Arms, Runcorn. Bull's Head v By-lands Recs. Junior Conservatives, Warrington v North Ashtrn. Bank Quay • Wilson's Runcorn. To he Flayed in the green of the first-named club.

The draw for he seccod round will be made on June 6th.

The opening main at the King and Queen will take place on the 13th inst., and as the green is in excellent condition a gocd numb, of entries are aLticipated. Entries cic se on Me 12th inst., at 8 p.m.

Tht Cemetery Bowling Club are down to Vey Fleetwood at Urmston to-day, in the Lancashire County Championship. They should certainly qualify for the second round. This being the first season for Whitecross in the Lancashire Championship, they have been somewhat unluckily drawn in the first round, their opponents being Leigh Railway, at Newton. Whitecreas, however, possess some very good bowlers, such as Tom Ellison, Albert Gleave and some promising youngsters, and they should run Leigh Railway very close.

The Cemetery Hotel team will leave Central Station for tirmston, via Manchester, at 155. 'Team :—J. Ashton, G. Ball, seer., T. Baton, W. Cotton', Jos. Gkave, T. Harrison, A. J. Jores, F. Millar, R. Rothivell, A. Scott, Jim Woods, 11. Williams. Reserve, E. Weave.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

FR lENDLY MATCHES.

----- WARRINGTON V. BOUGHTON HALL.—As there %KIS oomperatirely little raid in the Chester district, these teams were able to bring nit their engagement on Saturday. Scores :

WA R RING TON. BOUGHTON HALL. JCslion offal*, bßobecto W R Wilson b Pesten—. 5 W Rictuudsoo b June,— 8 H R Perry run out 0 T Wright o Roberts b,V L N Jouo b 2 _Churtro .......... N H LChortoo cßichard-

. ...... T Partridge o liecartney on b Petl b Robert.

I B Pesten i, Robert. l2 F A Salmon o Richard. .1 W Bainbridge b V PON b Partridge ...... 23 Cbarton J Thompson c Wilson b W A V Cbarton J _Boberts _ . 3 Headman and '. W.. _ ..

W H•vrtborn h Roberts 5 dlacartoey did oot bat H Clegg b V Chortoo 2 W Henoett not out Duckworth Ulnas .

W Bonsoii not out A Dtsokssorth o Wilson b

Eatne ...... 15

Elute

Total 110Y1 LING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. HOUGHTON HALL. 0, 11, R, W.

W Robert. M"I 78 -ii Pest*ll lO 192 3 L Jones F A Salmon WA V Clairton 9 1 31 3 WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. SANKEY T. RYLANDS' RECREATION.—PIayed OD R 3 lands' recreation ground on Saturday. Scores : SANKEY. RYLANDS' RECREATION. Daintith b Newton Booth b Newton l9 Jolley run out ...... ... 3 Gregton b Newton ...... Whitfield b Gough 33 T Nostonlbst bForttor II Forster lbw b Bomber Hatton not out Plant, Webb, Comm.:line Miller b Forster 7 and Williams did not II Newton o Gleason bat. b Hatt. 3 Garnett not out 6 Extras 5 Exuma ...... ... I Total 44

Total 107

LATCHFORD WRSLEVANS V. WALKER'S Sitewv.wv. —Thu match should have been played on Saturday on the proved of the former, but owing to the inclement weather was almodoeed and the clubs divide the points.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

FRIENDLY MATCH. CROSFILLD'S RI( REATION V. GOSSAGES.—Thie match seas played on the green of the Hammer and Pincers, Hones Green,nn_Saturday, with the,following recall—

- GC.SAGES. C ROSIPIRLDS. C Rowley F Wilson 2l R Brobbin...—.. ..... ... 15 H Atherton 6 A Webb . ...... 21 .. _

.1 Dwerrybouse S Torte. 1 Rowley 2l T Litherland W Mnlyneue A Ricksrd G %Vilson 2O T Rigby G Gandy W Coombee l7 J Wood. (cant.) 2l T Heftlee 2O D Iflgbam H Tollitt 2l r Lewtoo lO

.. . W Taylor 2l W Bennett ..... ........ , W Mercer l9 J Watson

275 260 Majority for (immures 15 LANCASHIRE COUNTY ASSOCIATION. DRAW FOR HE CLUB CHAMPIONSHIP. A large attendance of deleptes assembled at the Albion Hotel, Manchester, on Monday evening, 'Sr n much important business was done.

NEW MEMOIRS. Tbe followinF duke raid associations were elected to membership, •ks. :—Manchester sod Salford Cale- Atiociation, Fliston and Davyhulme. Conserve. tive Club, Davyhulme Social Club, Southport sod Dis- trict Asareistron, Warrington and District Works League, Broughton Griffin BC., Denton Old Club, Prestwich Libetal Club and Bleckpool Claremont, Prints ChM.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
SILICTION_ COM ?lITTR.E.

The following were elected as the Selection Com- mittee for the county chemplonship matches, •is :- 11teer• U SCo.notl.7 (Photon), A G leave Warrington). , Taylor (Whitegeld), Parker (Kemal) and 'Upon (Wigsg).

===== 0002601_19110506_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
From thr " Lirrrpool Express. MR. HAROLD SMITH, M.P., AND MR. A. H. CROSFIELD FACE THE CAMERA TOGETHER

"..., ,'.4. ""--1.:••• ,'., -.',.,,- ..--c. .. , 40i5,,,,,,.„,.,, svam 4„,-„s • ~., ''''' , 0447,0 , "A., .....v4 , 4,, , •Iry 4' I , 17.4., 410' ' ~,,if • ',,:j . , , ,

===== 0002601_19110506_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING. WARRINGTON WORKS BOWLING ASSOCIATION.

Interesting Speeches at. the Opening

of New Pavilion . _ MR A. H. CROSFAELD AND MR. HAROLD SMITH'S DRAMATIC ACTIVITIES

Saturday was a gnat day for the Warrington Works Bowling A, soc,ation, f es witnessed the open- ing of what promises to be the most successful season in the history of the organiz.abon. Although the heavy rain in the morning Rae discouraging, :here was a welcome change in the early afternoon and to the great satisfac on of the members, the epleoditl green at the Lew headquarters tha Horse and Jockey, Winwick-road--was pronounced to be fat for play. Before the games were entered upon, there war a pleasing little ceremony, the conimodii us panda n which Mr. J. A. Itushworth has erected being formally opened by Captain G. R. Crosfield, presider t of the Associat on. There was a large gathering, includtr g Mr. Harold Smith, 21 10., Mr. A. H. Crosfield, Cost ciii es J. T. Lecher and IV. H. Benign. Messrs.." Willett (chairman tf the committee), W. Patrick, (serretaryi, J A Rushworth (treasurer), W. Welster, H. Near, E. A. Sanders, and G. Ball, jun. Mr. Wthhhrr expressed the great pleasure of the mernters of tle Asaociatir n at being favoured with the presence of their president (Captain Crotfield), Mr. Ilsrold Smith, MP.,and Mr.A, H. Crosfield. Flom its formed, n the association had always tried to cultivate the workingmr n Ind to provide him withall the enjoy- neat that eas pourible. This world sometimes seemed a dreary place and he often thought what a grand thing it was for a Men, after bie week's wotk, to be able to meet bin fellow men, prol ably from another firm, In (deadly rivalry on the bowling green. 'they were all familiar with the rules of the amociation and he was glad to see that the landlord had put up such a prominent notice "Gambling Lot allowed." Any member found misbehaving himself or using had language on the green wen liable to expulsion if he did not desist when epoken to. During the first year they had some trouble in advancing the claims of the associatioo, for some people ala belonged to other organisation, said the works emoclation would attract only the rag-tag end bobtail. (Laughter.) He wished some of those critics could be present that afternoon to we for themselves the " reg-tag and bob- tail." (Laughter.) Even when the aseociation was threatened with bankruptcy its promoters did not lose heart and now it was in the happy position of not owing a penny piece to any tradesman and of having a balance in the bank. (Applause). Captain Ceosrmo mid it gave him gnat pleasure to perform the opening ceremony. They must non- gratulste the bon. treasurer (Mr. Rushworth) who had so admirably designed the new pavilion and thank very cordially the munificent donor of the building, who wbbed to remain nameless though it would pc chaps not be difficult to name him. It was gratify- ing to know that this year the emulation was doing totter than ever. (Applause.) Last season they did pretty well silk 39 teams from 27 works, but this year they bad a further improvement, the teams numbering 50 from 35 works. (Applause.) Than was the kindly and generous game of bowls weighed and pondered and worshipped io this good old town of Warringtou. The marvel to him was how did peop!e in the old days get on without howls? He was sure that if only Adam and Eve had played bowls with apple. instead of eating them—(lsoghter)—we should never have had any apple of discord. (Laughter.) And poor Mrs. Lot I would never have been turned into malt if only they bad had bowling greens in Sodom and Gornorrsh. (Laughter.) Milton in a very line passage, epeaking of our reboots, said. We want schools where there nholl be an abundance of exercise which shall keep us strong, healthy, nimble and well in breath." There was no doubt that It ass much better to keep In breath by running about and taking exercise than by eating say number of lung pristine'. (Laughter.) Ile was sure that pavilion would be the seers of moch fun and good feeling and he hoped that in all their games they would" love the ally with the heart of a brother sod hate the foe with a ploy ingat-hate." (Applause). Mr. HAROLD BLUTH, M.P., eaid he was glad of the opeortnnity of associating himself with the expression of thanks which they would desire to give to Captain Cronfield not only for his services to the association es president but also for having declared the pavilion open sad, if be (the speaker) might take It on broader lines still, for the good work hears at all times ready to do in the interests of the Borough of which he an. naturally so proud and fond. (Applanee). They could not forget that Captain Crosfleld bore a name which had been honoured in Warriogten for very many years and they all hoped that that Dame ItOtlid for many generations be banded down and (het Warrington people would be able to look forward for years to come to welcomiug members of the Crosfield family amongst them. Applause). The new headquarters of tin association. with the bountiful green and pavilion, were in every way worthy of the great and ancient game of bowie. The pavilion bad been erected mainly for shelter against inclement weather, ad he could only hope that during the coming season they would not hare much occasion to see it but that they would be able to edmire its beeutie• from the green. He warmly expreseted t. a hope that they would have upon that green many great battles. He had alwaye boasted that Lancashire was the most sporting county in Englend and be believed from the bottom of his heart that that was no. Herlid not think he would meet with contradiction from that audience if he said that Warrington was one of the most sporting towns in the county. (Applause.) He had not the slightest doubt that that mocistion would worthily maintain the greet traditions of Lsnoashire sport which pertained to the people of Warrington,that they would fight their battles like English sportemen, sad that they would have =soy a good tussle and spend many a pleasant hour on thet green after the hard work which they had to attend to •Imost every day of their lives. He wished prosperity and be 11."... to the association end to the Individual members who

it afforded him gratification to be associated in timt note with his friend Mr. Arthur Cronfield whom, with the permission of the Chairmso, he would now ask to . . .

eecornd the vote. (Applause). Mr. A. EL CROSFIELD said be moot respond to the kind invitation of his friend Mr. Smith. but it placed him in a slightly delicate poeition, because he ught not to be patting the family on the hack. (laughter). There wee an old saying " Von wretch my beck and 11l scratch yours "—(langhter)—bot he did not know that it applied to members of ii., Faroe family. Still he knew him brother had taken a keen intereet in the propene of the Warrington Works Bowling Aesociation —(hear, hear)— and he was sure Mr. Smith would feel that nobody could have watched the work of that association without feeling the greatest inherent in it. It watt abeolutely oplendid to see the remarkable held- way which bowls had made in the course of the hut eight or nine years. (Hear, beer). He had heard of the immense antiquity that was claimed for the grime at some of the meetings he had attended in Manchester and elaewbere. He did not know how far the) had carried it back in history, tut be bad never beard it carried quite no far back as had been mentioned that afternoon. (Laughter.) At any rste, it was time-honoured English game and there were many authentic traditions which were very interesting to Engliahrnen snd which, he thought, allowed that hod.. in common with n any other thinge, bad played its part in building up English character. (Applause.) He did

not think there was enything they reed value more than the straight.from.the-shoulder, genuine English character. Might they all try to live up to it. (Hear Instr.) "I did not know' continued Mr. Crosfleld " that I was going tu be called upon to speak shout my brother or about the aveociation. For. am glad to on able to say sword this afternoon alongside my frieed Mr. Smith. (Applftuse.) I ern only thankful that they did not Provide Yoe (tlt, Smith) and me with ft pair of wroda—(latighter cods Votoe tt It's not too late ")—and ask unto give them lan exhibition knee. Perhaps my friend taco expert,but I lam afraid we might have cut rather e sorry figure. (I aught...) I will tell you what happened to me only the other day when I was awry with my wife for holiday in the Sonth of Franca. I met a very distill. gelobed Warrinetonion out there, end tope you won't think lam giving he show away if! tell you whet he raid tome. /le had just heard that my very good friend and political opponent, whom we are proud to welcome here as our illembar this afternoon, was about to take pert in that interest tog and brilliant performance of • Mftclash; which I hod the great pleasure ot yr itneesing the other evening. Ile came to me and Bald • Look here, Crotfleld. Smith is going to act in the %Tar rington theatre. Thrte's only onechence for yen— (laughter). The eooner you go seal learn to don yore rural on the light rope, the better.' (Loud laughter.) I am sure my friend w. ft speaking quite impartially. I have always thonght him to be oman of rattan, Con- servetit e leanings, hut an the other hand I think he is a bit of a Free Trader. (Laughter). How ha voted lest time I here never dared to ask him. (laughter). I have MA taken hie advice yet, brit I must Bay that if! had the choice between the two! would rather have a friendly game with Mr. Smith corks green. (Laughter and applause.) lam glad to have had the opportunity of saying a word in eupport of what hes been propelled with his usual ability and tact by at, friend Mr. I Smith, end to sea this handsome addition to your premises. In our not too certain climate the buildieg gray eccesionelly be of u but I hope, with Mr. Smith, Maar it will not be very frequently required this wawa liens! it will help tar further, if possible still mare, the greet sweet, of this splendid inetitution which, after all, is in every shape and I urea doing good to the area of Warrington and helping to bring us ell together on a friendly footing on the field of latent." (Loud applause). The vote was heartily accorded and Captain Crosfliald having returned thanks the bowling we. soon in lull swing

RESULTS OF TIIE MATCHES. Thtte matches were tlaytd, with tba following results:—

C.L.C.

• 2 0 Blebsm W 8 D Bromley 3 P Curry 15 C Jordan 13 W Gibson (rapt).— It 11T.310r 2 T Garnett 14 BTumlinson ...... 14 F Dale 11 J 51onlm ....... 1 W Berton

C.L.C. irOis- by 71 point..

===== 0002601_19110506_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
-H-OCGHTON.S. Wale.

S Mete er (rapt). WI Giese. 0 Hewitt .7 Brernball G Graham sem 0 Rutter J Gouldeo W Forster, sea. F Corsell Siddall T Forster J Harrisou

PIRTII MATTRESS. TENNSL-STREET TANNERY. 25 70 15 A Dickson 15 T Olden (cant.) lO 12 .1 Boyle, juo l5 15 .1 Bode, len ....... 1 2 SI Mover l5 ......... 12 J Kirkbarn 15 J Carter l4 4 T Allen l5 15 I' Kirkham ..... 15 17 Littler T Wynne 15 T Robinson

W Butterworth J Daintelb .1 Sims T Bolton T Bearon J Bird H Appleton B Collins .1 Highsro T Quarrlis H Hathbortio .1 Ashton

===== 0002601_19110506_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Fennel-strest Tan.rory won by 23 points.

WI! I'M AN'S. RICHMOND'S. 45 SO IS 3 Smith (apt) ..... 8 15 R 13mmett. 9 8 J Olmtve 3 N Foolding 10 It Dotnall ... 7 J Caddick l5

F Casey A Glees. 13 Meals T Smith W Buckley P Knight W Mitchell (cept) G Marshall

Mangsban 1' Law ton D Wade T McKibbin

IS R G.llop 10 .1 AlHader l5 15 W Rigby 15 T Huibm 15 P Hankins~ 0 P Aotrobas

{Thyme'. erWo-by three points. THE CLUB CHAMPIONSHIP. DRAW FOR THE FIRST ROUND. - _

The cl-dh—ci;tri-pitilal;(p."-drs.w—,—the— ffr;t- ;CI-UM to he decided to-day, together with the greens selected, resulted es follow

Whitecrois Social v Leigh Railway. At Newton.le• Wllo

Irlain.o,th%Heighta v Railway, Heaton Mersey. At Red Lion, Withington. South Shore. Blackpool v Nag's Head, L'neaton. At Loser Broughton. Bull's Head, Warrington v Sandon, Liverpool. At Leigh Itsilway. Hoehn*, Flint..,, Neston.le-Willows. At Bull'. Read, Warrington. Swinton Social v A11.,'. Green, Radcliffe. At I Broughton Cobden. Griffin, Lower Broughton • Middleton. At George. Preetwich. -

"a-ed4-•"-Preetwich, • Loner Broughton Limited. At Bird-I[l.l4nd, Flizton. Lord Nelson Urmston, • Pendleton Belmont. At

ihip Hotel, Iri;n; - Didebrity • [lrma.. Victoria At Stretford Angel Cho,lton Bowling Green • Prestwich Conservative. It Kerma Moor..

•-- •-•—• • Cobden', Broughtoo, • Wootingboboe. At Wool Nag, Nudwon. _ .

-1:1.;;;;We• • Radcliffe Within& At licaton Park :o!?aerratlya.

--liTtd:1;:lle-nd, Flt,n, • Swinton Liberal. At Railway. Heau n Mersey. Levensbulme, • Ship Hotel, Trims. At Pendletml Belmont.. . . .

-ileetre,7,o—d-"ST:b";;.iption • Warrington Cemetery. At Nag'. Heed, Urromon. Chapel House • Wig.) Subscription. At Radcliffe Withins. .

Earlestown • Refuge Assurance. At Warrington Cemetery. Wigan !joined • Minefield Sabscription. Al Didsbury Hotel. Bowling Green 'Denton) • Kemal Moor. At Prest- wich Conservative. Angel (Stretford) • MP...-. n----

Angel (Stretford) • Trafford Albion. At Cborltoo online Green. Heaton Park • Red Lion (Witbionton). At Bowling rreeo, Denton.

--(7keet-hat-n-iScople, a by., The draw for he second round will take place at seven o'clock next Monday.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WA RRINGTON " A " V. PEMBRIITON.—The last match of the season was played at Warrington on Saturday, and the bowestera had difficulty in raising a team, Waywell and J. Cartwright turning out, the atier for the first Uwe this season. Warrington wen easily by 2 goals 5 tries (19 pcintsi to 3. The accirera were IVeywell 13 and Clare (2) tries, Daintith and Worrall goals.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB. CRITICAL TIMES AHEAD Review of Season 191011.

By "enlist.'

The close of the 1910-11 footbal treason finds the Warrington Club faced skit one or the nwst critical periods in its history, and very much teal depend on the enterprise mil acumen of the Committee and officials during the ensuing twelve month.. The crisis Iran not arisen suddenly ; it has been coming for two yeara, but no one with " half an tye "can deny that it has now reached en acute stage. A year ago when penning this annuli review I drew attention to the fact that such men as Tilley, Dickenson, Taylor, Fish, Brook., Jenkinv, Boardman, Belton and O'N, ill were pint their best and a ould SIC Ito be gradually replaced by younger and ape, dice players if the quality of the Ciub'n football was going t.c be main- tained-. All lut three of thess men have done duty again almost continn only throughout the treason just closed, and with the inevitable result. In the League Warrington have dropped term sixth to ninth place, with an average if 56.45 against 61.76 h year ago. But the most significant feature of the League campaign from a Wiwi, loon point of view is the rletsrioration in play as et ideoced by the aggregate of points "for " and " against." 1-m.t reason War- rington termed 408 p its against 252 ; this sea. .n 281 against 303. For the first thee in right newtons the balance icon the wrong side. Could anything be more conclusive of the fact that as a team Warrington have been &Ina steadily down, and that now they have touched what should be rock bottom ? Ti e same plums have been the backbone of the team during the whole of these eight seasons. Can they be depended op n for am ther term? I say emphatically no and 1 think tte whole of the supporters of the Club trill agree with me. Fish has retired —and the measure of his loss was immediately epparent. lle wan the "one And only," and the team has been poorer in both the playing and the epectacnlar sense eter since. Such a place as he filled in the eyes of the football public, and in the scoring records of the Warrington Club, made the loss quite irreparable in Ike el are of one seagon. lint quite apart from the retirement of the Warrington "star" there is the awkward fact that all fir ee players mentioned above ore one year older. If they were past their best last /warm, they can only be eon- widered as veterans to-day, nnd while a veteran tan his value to any team a combination of veterens can have no chance of competing suceensfully with youth, skill, and enthusiasm. Pondbly I am uttering trui,ms, but the fact has ti be hammered h me that the Warrionton Club has readied the rage when it can no longer rely on those aforesaid veterans to keep it in the first ffinht of Northern CM n Clubs , Referring again t my remarks of a year ago-1 ' pouted to Broughton Rangers as n club which hod just pasted dirt ugh the sauce viciesitudisand was engaged in the big lank of building up a new team. What is the result to-day? The Rangers have a young,improvirg ream and they have won the Cap! In this fact lies the germ of hope and optimii,m for Warrington. They are placed in difficulties, lott they are not yet in the Slough of Despond. What Broughton have done with a less soli 1 financi4 1.42. Werringtoe may do if the reins of management are handled with a sure and firm hand. IVe require rt nein team, and the sooner the task if equipping dm club with the requisite leavening of youngerocapable members and the better. As a club we mainot afford to wait. An expenditure of over 11,200 has just been embarked upon in connection with the ground, and the experience of die pant season has shown that unless a winning team can be got together theca is going to be a serious loss of revenue in the near future. Football enditisiaetn are fickle folk, and unless their appetite can lie stimulated by the tight kind of fare, they 1,11 go e'sewlit re f,,,p,rt and enjoyment. Personally, I have little doubt that the Committee and c fficials of the Club tralise the exigencies of the eiruation on clearly as anyone else, and I have confidence in their determination to leave no atone untuinzd to taise the Club to

its former statue But we have a general meeting approaching, and there may be change, in the governing body. I hear of one or two possib'e vacancies on the Committee, and it is in fi ling these that I Wi.h to give counsel to the members. They , must realise their individual responsibility and FOO FO it that any new men who are appointed possess, buriners ability as well as a knowledge of football. The Warrington Club is now a big concern, feed with all the competition that is found in the strpgale to earn a living, and to be successfully managed it must be in the hands of nnen with real ability and strength of character. I hope that men if the right stamp will come forward and secure the support mcesEary to place them al,ngside the faithful band of men who have for so long maintained Warrington football at a high level. ' '` "

- - - And now • word ae to the treason's play. So far as the Warrington Club is concerned it has been uneventful and uninspiring. The play has shown a marked falling off in both teams, and not one single honour has fallen to the lot of the Wirepuller* during 1910-11. A year ago we had to be content with the West Lancashire Cup, and the "A " team Championship. This year, even these small trophies have gone elsewhere. In the League, Warrington made a fear start, and by only toeing 5 matches op to December 31st, did better than anyone expected. But the men could not *day the pace, and visions of getting into the first four were soon dispelled. Lack of scoring power became increasingly evident, and it was a slow, tired side that awaited the onslaught of HudderAeld in the last match of the season and succumbed by 30 points to 8. There has been no snap about the back-play of the seniors right from the stoat, and it was obviona that more than we were getting could not he expected from the men available. Brooks made a startling revival near the close of the campaign, and should yet do good service, but of the remainder only Mayne% Creevey, Mclntyre, Chester*, Skelhorn and Neon give much hope for the future. Even Thomas hem lost some of the fire which made him the moat feared loose.o rward in the Union, and Johnston and Morgan of

the new recruits are not coming 'players. In the "A " term there is a lot of raw matetial, but at present it is too raw to fill robable vacancies in the eenior ranks. Of all the Junior players tried during the Reason, only Waywell, Skelborn and .1. E. Cartwright have shown signs 'of developing into first-class exponent,. Colleague@ of the right quality must be sought for and found further afield. knother fact which illustrates the decline of the Wirepullera is tint never once daring the mason did the semi, team score 30 points in a match Last season that topped that figure on five occasions. Not until Good Friday, in the last match but one, did Wan ington reach the modest twenties— another convincing illustration, if one were needed,l that things are in a had way. On the whole the defence was good, considering the weakness in attack, but Wigan, Hudeert.field, Oldham and Halifax the . . ,

CIUI, N. severely beaten. the Hanson-lane men .ur.ning up the record score of 94 points to nil against the W irepullers. By the way, Br, ughtorr's cup emcee. deprives Warrington of a cherished honour. 113 to Ssturday they were the cnly Lancashire team to have to ice held the cup. Now the distinction hen to he oilfired with Broughton, who were winners in the lost Coronation

v. • year, 1302. During the treason inclusive of league and Cop-tie engagement.. Warrington played 35 mamba, of Iwhich they won 17, boat 13 and drew 5 They twice defeated Coventry, Swinton, Runcorn and Salford ; they defeated once, leiab, Rochdale, Merthyr, Brought.. St. Helens, Wigan, Barrow, Bull and Halifax. On the other hand they were beaten twice by Huddersfield and Wigan, and beaten once by Oldham, Leigh, Rochdale, SaMton, Broughton, St. Helens, Barrow, Widnes and Halifax. The drawnl games were with Coventry (a), Oldham (lib Salford (ALI Hull (a), and Widnes (h). There were only two bcme defeats during the reason, grid thew were inflicted by St. Helens and Huddentfield.

THE SEASON'S RESULTS. IST TVA 11. -

For. Ago?.

saso. Sept. 3 Leigh L a I 1 7 3015 „ 10 Rochdale ts• h 3 4 111 2 416 , 17 Coventry 0 „ 24 Swinton w ho 1 3 0 0 0 26 Huddersfield L. at 2 1 7 I 6 20 Oct. I Merthyr .. h 2 519 0 1 3 , 8 Runcorn at • 1 414 0 1 3 „ 15 Broughton w h 2 416 1 1 5 ~ 92 Oldham D b 0 13 0 1 3 „ 29 St.. Helens w...... .. ~ • 4 817 0 1 9 Noy 5 2od end LC 8•1 for w 0 1 414 1 1 5 „ 12 Wigan w 0 2 313 2 210

0 0 0 2210 alO2 0 2 6 aOl3 0 1 3 Et 3 410 1 28 .013 0 1 3 11 2 1 7 1 2 8 a 0 0 0 2 313 2210 0 0 0

„ 19 Suiatoo „ 21 lierrow L Dec. 263 klrfroorwd SrD ......... „ 10 Hello , 17 ER. Helene L... „ 24 Wide.. L 26 Leigh w 1911 Jew.

2 Ranoorn w IL 1 915 0 1 11 7 Alirrthyr 11 Wipn t. • 1 03 3 521 21 Widnen I, .......... h 2 210 2 210 28 Oldham I • 3 1 9 7 223 4 Hull w h 3212 0 2 13 11 Brouehton L. • 0 1 3 1 2 8 18 Covetery w(N.U.C.) n $ 418 2 210 95 Swinton w • 0 1 3 0 0 0 , 24 Halifax L. it 0 0 0 710 41 Slur. 4 2nd Round N.U. Cup I. Mien • 1 02 3121 „ 11 SAlford A h 0 7 6 0 0 0 „ 18 25 Rochdale I. ... Apr. 1 , 8 Coventry x, .. , 11 Halifax w „ 15

.• I 1 5 3 15

===== 0002601_19110506_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
2 416 1 1 5 .h 1 621 0 1

„ „ 17 Huddersfield L Is 1 2 8 6 630 The completed League table for 1910-11 is is follows : For. Aged. Per- P. W. L. D. G. T. P. O. T. P. cent. Wigan 34 214 5 11-911 152 648 .34 45 203... 83.82 Oldliens 2428 5 1_72 89 441.711 41 210... 83.82 Wsle9eldT33 24 8 1...74 113 499 .48 56 201_ 74.24 Widr SI 19 14 3.. 41 72 310-19 33 137... 6813 Hull 16.14 13 21 9 3-111 122 584...45 68 294... 6814 Hunslet -31 21 13 0...69 101 411 ..61 89 283... 6116 110d4ers9e016 22 11 0..108 104 702...43 69 293_ 61.11 11011 96 20 13 9.63 108 450.-52 81 347... 5912 Werringt'uSt 15 II 5_46 61 281...45 71 963... 5845 Dessbury 30 16 14 0_37 70 284.. 57 73373... 5313 Swinton 34 IR 16 0...54 73 931..38 62 M... 52114 Leeds 33 16 15 2...65 95 385...53 75 340... 521.1 It'clodsle 1131 17 16 1...56 81 405...49 73 317... 51-47 tholifss -36 18 17 I_6l 83 371_53 71 326... 5118 Keighley 29 14 11 1_39 56 246...69 143 447... 50.00 Salfood -72 14 16 2...41 81 335 ,g 3 27207... 46-67 Batley 91 14 16 1-37 66 272_10 51 233... 46.77 Brg*ton 032 11 17 I_2B 41 208...55 75 335... 45.34 Stlielens SI 14 19 1.. 52 tol 3/7...65 103 439... 4784 Leigh SI 12 19 o_4l 41 214..62 76 377.. 3870 Ituncorn- So 9 18 9_28 511 230_50 77 731_ 35.00 Barrow 32 II 20 1.94 08 272...61 91 397._ 35.93 liredfor4N32 10 21 1...34 57 173...63 4.0 390... 37.81 York _. 30 621 0...49 59 273_64 93 471... 3450 61104• Vol 30 9 21 0...20 46 176...42 74 297... 3000 BlerthyrT.lB 5 13 0...18 18 90...47 81 337... 27.77 Coventry-31 6 21 1.-44 62 280_80 117 115.. 2096 Uramley 22 5 26 1...30 30 150...71 121 590... 17.18 WARRINGTON'S LEAGUE RECORDS. The following is Warrington's record in the Northern Union League and loancashire Senior Com- petiti n since the foundation of the Union P. W. L. D. P. P. Total. 1895-6 42 17 70 5 198 210 39 P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. 1896-7 26 11 10 5 12 16 100 17 17 124 27 1897-4 26 10 14 2 33 14 120 26 42 178 22 1998-11 23 11 14 1 18 34 134 32 51 217 34 1899-0 20 12 13 1 24 42 171 16 32 128 25 1900-1 26 12 11 3 25 33 119 18 30 120 27 •1901-2 25 11 12 0 24 38 162 29 32 150 78 1902-3 34 11 13 7 23 31 118 28 30 104 35 1903-4 94 17 11 3 29 52 214 27 33 151 27 1904-5 34 20 13 2 94 48 220 30 30 150 42 1905-6 34 19 16 3 45 01 273 29 42 164 53 94 1906-7 33 21 12 1 70 138 554 56 54 303 6213 1997-14 30 18 9 3 61 101 431 37 34 151 6506 1908-9 32 19 12 2 79 106 476 59 62 266 5917 1909.10 31 20 12 2 51 102 404 42 56 252 61.76 1910-11 31 15 11 5 46 61 281 45 71 303 56'45 'Two points deducted for breach of rules.

FIRST TEAM SCORERS. 0. P. 39 ... 3 517 10 ... 30 R ... 21 ... 21 ... 18

Brook; ... Lloyd Waynell . — ... Dickenson — ... Johnston Tilley Taylor — ... Platt —i. ... Shatters ... ......... ... Creevy Cheaters — ... P..lson — ... Naylor — ... Bradshaw Akelhorne •.• Uoaworth Morn.

- 2 ...

TIIE " A " TEAM. The" A" team has played 27 mstchen won 17, lost 10, and drawn none. LOW airman they won 23 out of 27, so that there is a considerable Man, off in their record, as well as that of the Seniors The detailed record of the season's matches is as follows : For Apisat h 2 519 0 2 6 ...a 2 313 2 210 ...h 030 0 1 3 • 026 0 0 0 alO2 1 2 8 .1k 2 622 0 1 3 AOOO I 2 8 .4 0 0 0 2 210 .h 1 414 0 1

Sept. 3 Leigh „ 10 Itochda'e „ 17 Wignn 1141.141 d 24 Swinton Oa. 1 Pemberton " 8 Rune irn . ....... „ 15 Broughton „ 22 Oldham „ 29 St. Helena _

Nov. 5 „ 12 VNgito . 19

..a 0 1 3 1 414

: 33 Sal ford Dec. 3

In 17 Rt. Helene „ 21 Widnes „ 26 Leigh 31Je;. Runcorn A „7 Millom „ 14 Wilma...—. „ 21 Widaes 28 Oldham

Feb. 4 , II 8r0ught00....... „

„ 15 Swiuton. Mar. 4 loco ...... 11 Salford

18 „ 28 Roadsln

===== 0002601_19110506_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
.h 0 2 6 0 1

...s 0 0 0

..• 1 1 5 ...h 3 727 ...b 0 0 0 —a I 0 2 ..6 1 1 8

.h 0 6 18

.h 2 2 10

.a I 9 11

.h 4 4 20

14 Wigan High`.eld • 1 0 2 ~ 17 Leigh Shamrocks • 4; 836 • 22 Millom a 3 315 „ 29 Pemberto• h 2 519 A. TRAM SCORERS. O. T. '

Magellan Clore Daintith Mclntyre. Waywoll J. E. Cartwright Kenney Jordan Worrell Unairorth Cheaters P. Boardman Carter Fernley Skelhoroe McCabe Harmer Green Wallwork, Roberts, Jenkine, Lloyd, Lsndor, ass try each; K. tbbs, one goal.

2 0 4 I 1 5 3 4 IR 0 I 3

- ...

5 :::

===== 0002601_19110506_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION.

NORTHERN UNION CUP.—FixAt. Broughton, Rangers _ _

Barrow (b)

THE LEAGUE. 3 Runcorn ... THE CUP FINAL.

...... . Played under conditions which were 11We short of vile, the Northers Union Cop Final ended le the victory of Broughton Rangers, who defraied Wiran by four points to oil. Portions of the Salford enclosure were practically under water,hut the objection raised by the" Collier. ^ wan not untield, mod the struggle pro- gressed in continuous rains. It any. much tor the enthusiasm of Northern Unionists that on such a day the turr.stilee recorded an attendance of 7,000. It artye much for the enthusiasm of the players, too that the game was well end keenly fought, the second lealf being as prolific as the first in the may of exalting incidents if not in the matter of points obtained. Tbe greuy ball was a ditholt object to control and mancenue, but every man wee a trier. All things being considered, and both teams being adequately rei resented, it must he admitted that the honours went to the better lot. The Rangers' captain aclinowledgsd (bet that ens the handout game his men bad bad. In the fret half Hernia kicked two penalty goals, the only pants of the match. Lord Derby, in prearreCng the trophy, congratulated both team, on playing a sports.. manlike game, sod be fait sure that everybody felt pleased that in the first year ids Majeaty the King had given his gracious patronage to the Northern Union, the final tie of the Cup comtetition abould be fought out by two Lancsabins teams. While congratulating the winners his lordship estuded sympathy to Wigan

===== 0002601_19110506_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
LAST LEAGUE MA rCH.

Similar atmospherical 000ditions preasiled at Barrow where Runcorn were just defeated by the odd point in Are, Shaw kicking • penalty goal for them alter Gifford had run in an unconverted try for the hornesters. Play was generally aniotereating and wrappy—silthoogla Barrow sometimes Imaged well—and occasionally devel- oped • tendency towards roughed..

===== 0002601_19110506_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servant& etc.

N/VANTED, Bomb GENERAL SERVANT; small Bensons ST., Bolter.. WANTED HOUSEMAID.— Apply ELmn¢P, Victoria rd, Whalley Range, laanobeerer. WANTED, GENERAL (thermal/Is) ; two Is family. Apply,Mrs. SNIT% 252, Oxford rd., Manch...ler. BLACKPOOL . —Wanted CODE-GENERAL for private, AID wages ; also Girl. Boarding House.— ELLIS 2, Charnley rd.

TV .t and good Ididdo,do., st mak—Mice. CHAMP AND Dowazoom, 171, Bramhsil hoe, Btookport.

I\TURSE-MIDWIFE ; comfortable Immo pending 1.1 end flurinot confinement ; mod.-320, HALLIWILL RD., Bolton.

WANTED, several good UTENERALS. oleo Cooi. flenerahr, for healthy Manchester cuburbs ; no fees.—PorchAn HROISTRY. Cfromtoo.

IVANTED, experienced COOK-GENERAL ; not under 25; wages £2o.—Misa SMITH, Llanrhee Vicarage, Llandudno.

WANTED, good GENERAL BERVANT.—Writo giving particulars to 8., q. Mrs. H090600l:41 Broom tutU, Rochdale.

WANTED , once, Good GENERAL; owd to public.—App'y with references, RYDER., White Senn, Pemberton, Winn.

IN'ANTED GENERAL; re.peotoble Girl, 110 Gamut Servant—Apply BM:ORTON, HOlBl- - Farm, Wonletan, Warrington,

NVANp.T.74;:r.',:.I7-',_G.G.E.N.,Ppa",k;A7:27arhainrid,; Swab, Alexandra Park, afarreheaier; NIT !iN T 91),.21N. EmittitrLy(grri.orf).;.,pmlafor cor# ; HARDISON, Elleamera rd., Stockton Heath.

lITANTED, good GENERAL; good wage. to Nait- o • able pf.r.o.—Apply. with reference., COATS!, to.cher, Itlarnoo'-th•-Height, Manchester.

MRS. DUTTON requires Cook-Gesersle, Housemaid- Wait...tee, Generale ; two lo family.-39, DICK inssomp. leahohne, Manchester.

WTANTED, HOUSEMAID, young; and Kitchen. maid; state experience by letter excellent refer- ence required.—Mm. Extowin, Wo'crdheys, Heaton Mersey, Lancashire. NV . ORKING HOUSEKEEPER, aged 40, neeke Situation to gentlemen or lady ; Warrinaton or Lyrom district. —Apply E.E., Woodbine Villa, Sandy lane, tymm, Cheshire.

WANTED at onoe, clean superior GIRL, with thorough knowledge of housework ; good home BBd N,Rell to suitable glrl.-53, PAILATINR RD Northeno.,

17 Ai:tliflariaypabrlz4o,..ENßßAL,req,,iro:dooo. fulhkectp, two vacuum datum—Um SUNDLRLA ND, oorside,4 r.,eaton, Bolton.

WANTED COOK (experisoced) at once; good negro ; oleo GODOMIL—WATTLINA, lOt. Silk, Ladino' and Children's Outfitter, 57, Sonkoy st., Warrington.

WANTED, at oats, inpatient:ad GENERAL— Apply by letter to 131, MARC/MI.6R RD., Castktoo, Near itancbeater.

'II4ANCHESTEB aad District. GENERALE IVA. WANTED; fans paid.—LEYLAND'S Rstraata OFFICE, 136, Bury New rd., Maeobestar.

IVANTED, COOK-OENERA u (yong); wages £26; permaneat ; for small hotel ; state age; refer- encee—Tarbou, Royal Hotel. Morecambe. CH,EAN and trustworthy Women, aged 42, wants pkea •..) as HOUSEKEEPER to workingmso.—Address Mrs. ROBERTS, 1, Water st.,Cemmercial Brow, Newton, Hyde.

WANTED, Capable GENERAL, fatally Om adult.; wages EN ; cooking ; part 'making; Rgood references requised.—EßMlNALl., Harelanda, ochdale.

NVANTED GENERAL Noperior), about 25 to 30, all dude. except washing ; good refereocee essential •, Mend wages If suitable.—Mrs. WiNinta, Woodcrott, Bramhall, Cheshire. Nl7 A IiTOEUDSEVALID-61 ENERAL a3eodl,antelly."lferite- giving full particulare, speller:. (in any (to lira Cox Lad/moor Home, Clitheroe. TAGNIESTIC BUREAU (now open), Baok Chambea; &Anne's-on-Sea ; Maid. required In ell especial., good Generale Wanted at once,for boarding and private haws ; enclose ammo. A DA WHARTON, 19, Stretford rd., klaocheeter, IS wants twenty servants, General for one lady, General for elderly oouple, Housemaids,Help Bar, Girl. 18, help shop. Write.

OOOD HOME offered to Respectable Person at small term° for little kelp ; salt dm...lsobar, could take in own work ; bealtby, nice country. All particulate given.—Apply to Mrs MONIWIIAN, Clittoo or. Neaten.

WANTED, for 8raw1...11, near Stockport, a Good GENERAL, 18 to 20, no washing, help with ironing, all the housework, plain cooking. Good refer- ence required. —Apply by letter only, C.„, Somerville, Irlame of the height, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Wanted.

INT ANTED —Postage °overt ; envelopes hoot year 18.10. Large, Small quentitiss.—BALLartD,Cliftoo College, Harrogate. PALHS. ILEIH-WANYHT-1-ISest Load°. Prices offered by return —K 11,0 & C0,34a1 Hart st.Loodon

Wanted Gent's Clothing. Boota,.tc. Cash remitted to, parcels—FlNNEY, Wardrobe Dealer, Baliabor, WILLING YOT-IFH, 19, to assist gardeser ; pony trap ; useful lo hoom.—E. CASI; Ilaulfrryn, Menai Bridge, N. W. 1..

WANTED Situation, Millinery Sales or Fancy Drapery, 10 yews esperlence.—Nownct, Anton Bronmerove.

WAISTED, ono Or two youths, 18 to 18, good waves, aoeustomod to rnoararing milk and driving.— BMW 32, Garai& at., Dwinegate, efancherter. CLERKS look here ; Male and Female Cleike invited to writ* for P rorpeci or of National Union of Clerks.—Tnn BRASCR SECRETARY, Ist, Sankey it. Warrington.

fIIESTER WANTED for Oas Cookers and Pima & Apply, giving full itartgeolsn, to Box 443, T. B. BRows. Austin ISING 01,1,1( ES, 169, gUeell VICLOCIS et.. London.

eIotiFECTIONERY.—Waoted • female CONFEC- TIONER, for about six weeks from the middle of Jooe.—Apply at 53, FILATI.. ED, Northeadea, Manchester.

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding House's

Machinery

£2O HERBAL BUSINESS, £3 seeks profit ; main thoroughfare, trial or bulimia taught ; stock satiation; no egenta.-68, BTnIFOOO swans Askton-undsr-L3ne.

HEALEY'S RESTAURANT, 1, High-street, Shaw mar Oldham—Oa Salo, the above BUSINESS, eituated io the centre of Shaw ; fit:eel up ; spleodld Inventory ; full-sised billiard table; sickness moss of leaving uo •geart• weed apply. ‘7EBY seldom on offer ill-heelth,—Higb-olass CONFECTIONERY BUSINESS, well mob- Halted ; m beelthy suburb of Manchester; doing en encolleat trade, increasing every week ; wearers Wks- bongo ; two miles from Ilimicheeter Town Hall ; taking £3O weekly.—Apply, 128, HUDDERSFIELD RD., Oldham.

Blackpool (continued)

REQUIREI SLEEPING PARTNERS with 112000 mud upward., for. Reliable Cudertakirag (Large Pristing Bork.) IN BERLIN (Germaay). Good in ..... t guaranteed. LARGE PROFITS PROVED and excellent proepecte in the future. Thoroughly tenni.. CAPABLE MANAGEMENT. Strongly recommended —PRINCIPALS addree. HOWARDS, 95, DERON DA ROAD, LONDON, SE.

CIOSICINATION Hatpins lc poet fres.— HODSON, 252 Btootoo mt., Newcastle. State gold or alive, ICIRETLES, Crickets, Cockroaches, "CM " 711 poet .Iffi fres.—Nowsout, 97, Rutland Id., E. dam, Elan. - -- • - - • -

Miscellaneous.

The PRIME MINISTER THE NEW explained to the House SECOND of Commons on Wednes- CHAMBER. day why it will become

necessary to proceed at some time during the life of the present Parliament with the Preamble of the Parlia- ment Bill. The Preamble declares the expediency of making provisions for regulat- ing the relations between the two Houses of Parliament, and the intention of substitut- ing for the House of Lords as it at present exists a second chamber constituted on a popular instead of a hereditary basis. There are many wise and able men in the country who do not admit the necessity for any second chamber. There are others who do not greatly care what kind of second chamber there may be when the operative clauses of the Parliament Bill have been passed into law. The first of these points of view was set forth very clearly by Mr. BARNES on behalf of the Labour party, and it proved, as in fact it was certain to prove. , not to be the point of view of the House of I Commons. The contention that the House of Lords may as well be left alone if its absolute I veto be abolished was answered by Mr. ASQUITH in terms which, as it must have been felt, threw an unexpected light on the whole subject. The Parliament Bill, the PRIME MINISTER pointed out, is only a partial solution of the constitutional question and it is desirable to guard Democracy against a future collusion between the upper house and a Conservative House of Commons by reconstructing the second chamber. As a reason for reform, this explanation seems unanswerable.

The position of the Labour Party was stated very moderately by Mr. G. N. BARNES. In the opinion of the member for the Blackfriars Division of Glasgow and his colleagues, a second chamber is an unnecessary and useless encumbrance. The PRIME MINISTER admitted that he was at one time himself of that opinion ; hut time and experience, he said, have modi- fied the view which be held in his more impulsive period, and he is now satisfied that in the interestKof the country it is desirable that there should be a properly-consti- tuted second chamber, clothed with defined and limited functions, and acting as the organ of the popular will—not pre- dominantly partisan in its composition, not excessive in numbers, a body capable of exeicising the functions of revision, consulta- tion, and delay. That is a really admirable definition of the only sort of second chamber that will henceforth be regarded as tolerable' The PRIME MINISTER'S language on the subject quite excludes the proposals that, so far as is known, will be embodied in the MARQUIS OF LANSDOWNE' Bill, which will be based on the retention of the hereditary principle as regards the main portion of the reformed House. tinder the Government's proposals it is clear that the hereditary principle as it affects legislation will be swept away once for all.

It is amazing to find how much even the leading men of the Opposition have changed their tone in respect to the present Constitu- tion of the upper house. Who would have expected, only a few months since, to hear Mr. BALFOUR saying what he said on Wednesday? The present purely hereditary second chamber, he observed, is not strong enough to perform second chamber functions. By " strong," he meant something else, of course. The House of Lords has proved itself strong enough, and a great deal too

strong. It is not fair enough ; that is the real trouble. The exercise of its powers under present conditions, the leader of the Opposition is at length convinced, is some- thing that can no longer be defended. He even gives up the contention that the House of Lords should exercise co-ordinate power with the House of Commons, A second chamber, he contends, should not wield equal authority with the popular chamber. This is said because he does not wish the new second chamber to be wholly representative; but his words mean surrender along the whole line. The Government may already count upon a victory achieved. There will still be many feints and ambushes and sham battles, no doubt; but the Parliament Bill will pass into law without the necessity of a resort to the ultimately means of persuasion. So much now seems clear.

The local arrangements THE CORONATION for the Coronation AND festivities have again WALKING DAY, been in the melting pot this week and an Important change in the programme is announced to-day. One of the main objects of the committee has been to impress the young idea with the importance of the occasion by organising a big field day for the youngsters in Victoria Park on Corona- tion Day, as a prelude to the usual Walking Day procession and sports on the following day. Many people have all along failed to see how the arrangement was to work satisfactorily, for there is a limit even to juvenile endurance—to say nothing of the trials of the adult workers who would have beet called upon to share

_ the hard work on both occasions—and -some went so far as to advocate the extreme course of abandoning the Walking Day pro- cession. Now, however, all difficulties are removed by the decision of the Coronation Committee not to hold the proposed children's treat in Victoria Park on Coronation Day, and the Sunday school teachers and officials will thus be able to concentrate all their attention on making the Walking Day of 1911 a conspicuously memorable one. The teachers' representatives raised numerous objections to the originally proposed method of spending Coronation Day,but submitted anl alternative recommendation that the children should be entertained in four or more separate centres. This, however, the Corona- tion Committee would not agree to and there- fore the whole scheme,as far as the children are concerned—with the exception of the distribution of souvenirs which will take place in the schools on the Wednesday—has 'been cancelled. We do not think its collapse will grieve many people, for two huge school teats on two successive days are oo large an order and one would almost certainly have suffered if the original .intention had been adhered to.

Our encomiums on the THE HEALTH Health Committee do Com/Art-mg AND not seem to have been ITS WORK appreciated for the simple reason that we prefaced them by the remark that the Com- mittee had "shown increased activity in recent years under the spur of an awakening public opinion and an energetic medical officer." The " spur " seems to have pricked the chairman of the com- mittee pretty badly judging by the way he referred to our kindly criticism in the Council meeting.. Alderman James Evans ought to have realised ere now that good work and good deeds thrive on criticism, and bring their own reward. In the past—and a not very far distant past— his Committee was open to the charge of being behindhand in matters effecting public health, and there can be no question that the application of the spur has been beneficial. Even to-day,Alderman Bennett compliments the Committee on having "awakened to the fact that many of the evils were remediable," which would suggest that the members had at one time been asleep. We never went quite so far as this, but we are still of opinion that it is only of late years that the Com- mittee has tackled at all effectively the desperately serious problems of infantile mortality and the housing of the poor. The improvement is striking and obvious, and merits the compliments which the chairman will persist in considering back-handed. His perverted appreciation will not deter us from expressing from time to time a candid opinion, whether favourable or unfavourable, on the important work of the Health Committee.

The proposed new road THE BRIDGE AT bridge at Sankey SANKEY. Bridges is becoming a question of first import- ance. There is neither rhyme nor reason in the stubborn intention of the Lancashire County Council to construct a forty-feet bridge which will not be in the centre of the road, and in face of strong representations from the Corporation of Warrington, when no lees than 80 feet is to be the width of the new Warrington Bridge. Both are on main high roads, and should have a width com- portable with the traffic of to-day and the probable needs cif the future. It is Warring- ton's aim to make Liverpool-road 60 feet wide, but our efforts and expenditure will be largely discounted if the County Council sto have its way. The deputation from Warrington met with scant courtesy and it was apparent that their plea fell on deaf ears. ,1 Alderman Bennett charges the County I Council with thinking not "in continents" but 'in bottle necks" and stigmatises their attitude as "a profound discouragement tol every progressive municipal administrator in the country." The discussion on Tuesday sho wed the local Council to be unanimous in a conviction that the matter should not be allowed to rest where it is. The help of the Local Government Board might very well be invoked to bring the County Council to a more reasonable view of the needs of the moment and the demands of posterity.

It may well be, as THE GIFT OF Mr. Churchill said

SuNtlotrr. pleasantly in the peroration to his vigor- ous and enthusiastic speech at the Guildhall in favour of the Daylight Saving Bill on Wednesday, that future generations ta a brighter and healthier world will "raise statues to Mr. Willett and decorate them with sunflowers on the longest day in the year." But we find it difficult to believe that a reform which has already secured the definite support of "46 chambers of commerce, 170 corporations and town councils, 265 members of Parliament, and 39 trade unions "—not to speak of the 338 ' societies, clubs, and associations which have endorsed it—can be long delayed in our own day and generation. 'The opposition to it has fallen back now upon the forlorn plea— exposed with great thoroughness by the Home Secretary—that everyone can get up an hoiir earlier if he wants to. The answer is simply that everyone can do no such thing. To control custom in the interests of the

worker is the aim of Mr. Willett's great reform: and it is a great reform—far greater than is even yet quite understood. To a generation in which phthisis is increasing at a positively appalling rate, more sun and more air are gifts beyond all prim— " Morning Leader."

Mr. Asquith made an THE TORY " J.P." important statement in MONOPOLY. the House of Commons

on Monday with regard to the method of appointing Justices of the Peace. That statement made it quite plain that the appointments in the Isle of Ely, which had created so much dissatisfaction, were the last which would be made without consulting the Advisory Committees set up in consequence of the Royal Commission Report. These Committees have not been working long enough for their effectiveness to be properly tested. Time is required for the experiment to justify, or fail to justify, itself. It is, of course, absurd to suggest, as the Tory journals do, that Liberals want to be allowed to pack the benches with justices of their own political creed. But when it is frequently asserted by Tory politicians and journals that there is an inherent virtue in Conservative views which specially qualifies their holder for the Justices' bench, it is evident that the gross inequality between Liberals and Conserva- tives which prevails on the magisterial bench cannot be set right without strong measures. Liberals do not claim for a moment that the holding of Liberal opinions is a prima facie recommendation for a man to be made a J.P. It needs a Tory atmosphere to nourish this kind of arrogant assumption. But there is obviously something wrong with a system which gives to the Tory Party, whether in office or in opposition, an overwhelming pre- ponderance on the magisterial bench

===== 0002601_19110506_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
_

_ There were several references to a new disease—tubercularosis—at the meeting of Town Council on Tuesday evening.

To-day is a sad anniversary, for it is just twelve months since the world was pro- foundly shocked by the news that King Edward the Peacemaker had passed away. • _ •

The dear old " Daily Mail," having worked out the health loaf and the thousand-pound sweet-pea, now recommends goat farming as a sure fortune winner. There will be many a butt before success is realised.

The Band of HOpe 'Union never did a happier thing than when it hit upon an an- nual May Festival as a means of advancing the temperance cause. The beautiful spectacle at the Parr Hall on Wednesday and Thursday evenings not only afforded delight to the large audiences but it must have brought home to young and old alike—without seem- to preach at them the indisputable value of the principles for which the organization stands. May the Band of Hope Union long prosper to celebrate the incoming of May in such a charming yet practical fashion !

The Parr Hall organ has deservedly come in for some hard knocks of late, and the local humorist who pennill the topical verses of a song at the Band of Hope festival indulged his sarcasm at the expense of that time- worn and unhonoured instrument. It would be a fine thing if Coronation year could be marked by the installation of an organ worthy of the largest public hall in a town of Warrington's importance. Failing private munificence, the present is hardly the most opportune time to saddle the heavily burdened ratepayers with the expense. Will some wealthy townsman rise to the occasion?

Whictt is the Warrington firm which has booked so many orders for Coronation mugs 'made in Germany?' From first one district, and then another, comes a vehement protest against the contemplated disloyalty of spend- ing money abroad, and apparently the firm in question will reap a nice little harvest from compensation for broken contracts alone. We notice that at Winwick, one parish Councillor was bold enough to advocate the claims of the German mug, but his fellow- members shirked the responsibility of pre- senting to the public a portrait of the English King on a foreign pot. Sentiment is proving ' to be stronger than business, in this instance at least.

Many people who traverse Bridge-street daily will probably be surprised to read the Mayor's description of it as "a whited sepulchre—a veneer of grandeur covering over a mass of squalor:' It is strange but true that many of the fine shops of this modernised thoroughfare back right on to some of the worst hovels and congested areas ,of dwellings in the town. It will be a long time before even the busy centre of Warring- ton is freed from the grimy heritages of those dark days when bye-laws merely regulated public conduct and took no concern of public health.

The Mayor takes a deep interest in the housing question, and at the meeting of the Council on Tuesday he advanced the , important suggestion that as a commemora- tion of the Coronation the town should make a start in the way of providing suitable homes for poor people by erecting an experi- mental block of tenements. London and , Liverpool have done big things on similar lines, and there are plenty of people in Warrington, to whom 3s. a week is a maxi- mum rent, to make the experiment worth a trial. One of the difficulties which besets the Health Committee in demolishing slum property is the re-housing of the dispossessed tenants. We hope the Mayor's suggestion will lead to a practical consideratit n of the question. - -

Mr. Lloyd-George's great scheme of national insurance covering sickness and unemployment is, as "F. C. 0." has aptly remarked, the Result of Employment During Invalidity. In its breadth and importance the proposal is the biggest step in the direction of social experiment which thts generation has ever seen, and at present one finds it impossible to adequately survey the scheme, and forecast the results on poverty, thrift, and the general welfare of the masses of the people. The Chancellor's latest venture,indubitably,involves an epoch- making change in the conditions of living land working, and to say the least it testifies once more to foresight, courage, and con- structive statesmanship of the "uncrowned King of Wales." • •

To many of those who will gather next Tuesday at the Colonial missionary meeting in the Mansion House, it will, the "Christian World" thinks, be interesting to be reminded of the fact that it was built by the Corpora- tion of London with,fmes, which in six years amounted to £15,000, exacted from Noncon- formist citizens, who refused to receive the Sacrament of the Lords Supper according to the rites of the Established Church, and so qualify for the office of Sheriff. Three thus fined appealed, and the case was thirteen

years in reaching the House of Lords, by which time only one, a Mr. Evans, remained alive. Six out of seven judges gave judg- ment in his favour (February 4th, 1767). On that occasion, Mansfield, the Lord Chief Justice, delivered, with what Dr. R. W. Dale described as " noble eloquence," a vindication of the principles of religious justice. _ _

The Opposition in the final debate on Clause 2 of the Parliament Bill, did their best to make our flesh creep as to what is to happen in the Veto-less future and Mr. Kebty-Fletcher indulged in quite a horrible forecast: One of the first things the Government wr,uld he able to do if this elause became law would be to extend their time as a Government for ancther fifteen yews That would give en. the, £75,000 in seamy to the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Home Secretary, but it would be a very serious thing for the country. . . . . .

If the Memger for Altriacham has " great expectations" this must be an awful prospect for him.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARS. S ....,..1

Coming Events. " Universal peace" will be the subject of the Rev. John Yonge's sermon at Wycliffe Corgregmional Church to-morrow (Sunday) evening. ..„ . . . .

Anniversary sermons will be p7eached at Brick. Street Mission to-morrow by Mr. Robert Lewis, of Asbton-in-Makertield. In the afternoon a service of praise entitled " Spring Flowers " will be rendered by the Sunday school and ',Lurch choirs. Mrs. A. Crosfichl will preside The Bee. J. Grange Pennell will preach llre Sunday school anniversary sermons at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church L.-morrow. There will be musical services on Sunday arternoot. and Monday evening.

The animal sale of work in 'eonnecan with St. Barnabase Chureh will be held in the Assembly Room, Conservative Club, on Wednesday and Thursday next. It wi'l he opened on Wednesday by Mrs, Seger Owen.and ..,n 7 hunday by Mr. J. Fulton Smith

A sale of work in ronnectioe with Bo'd-street Wesley. Church will be held on Wednesday and Thursday, May 17th and 18th. The annual horse parade will be held on %feriae, May '2oth Finfries, which are to be made at 110, IBridge-street, close at 4pm on Saturday next. lies Broadbent's Lecture on India. Miss Broadbent repeated her interesting lecture on her travels if) India, in the Latchfoid Patiih Room Tart evening. An attractive eerie, of lantern vies from phot 'graphs taken by the lecturer's sister mode the narrative actlitionally vivid. At the rinse ' coil, etion was taken in aid of the Citizens' f fuild of Help. IWomen's Liberal Federation.

The annual conference of the National Women's Liberal Federation will be held in Manchester for the first time next week. Preri ,usly the conference hen alwals rnet in Losdon. There is likely to be an attend- ance of 900 delegates at the meetings in the Midland Hall nest Tuesday. Wednesday, and Thursday, including twenty ladies fr.,m the Warrington Women's Liberal Aseociati. n Next Week at the Theatre. •

An attractive bill is ammunced for next week when two popular dramas from the pen of the late Frank Harvey will be preeented I,v Messrs. Harvey, Woods and Co. On Monday, Tuesday and Saturday the play will be" The Workman" and on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, "The ring of Iron" will be performed. A strong company includes Miss Mary Lovett and Mr. Charles Lind Vivian. " NEW PICKS' Cotta for the man of moderate Meson. :Wert type with 16-18 h.p.. 4 cyl nder engine 17Ogns. I Trials soy time—Sole District Ageet, J. 5. GARLONo, 51 to 55 Bridge nt., Warriegtoo.-Adst. Boy's Leg Broken le School.

peculrar accident occurred at Heath Side School yeeterday meaning which resulted in Harry Burrow. (aged 13) 25 Sandhi!' Terrace, Wash.-lane, Latchford. sustaining a fractured leg. The bey attempted to move the *ohm' piano when the teacher was not look- ing, and pnlled the heavy instrument over on top of him, with the sad result stated. Burrows w s con- veyed to the Infirm irymbere he is progressing a. well as can be pected

===== 0002601_19110506_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
British Mimeo's •Temperance .Associatios.

A very successful soc.il was held on Monday in Cairo-street Schoolroom. The attraction of the even- rag wan the appearance of ihe Mayorees wearing her beautiful new chain. The visit was very touch appreciated and she grorefully pinned on the Stars of liono-ar to he following members who had won them —Mrs. Cade, Mrs. Woolley, Mrs. Abel, Mrs. Ila ri ill, Mt s. Whitmore, Mrs. Ormson, Mrs. Buckley, Mrs. Robinson and Miss Amy Hartill Twenty stars have now been won for Warrington. There were two pictures sfven, one for Bewsey-road Wesleyan Lecture Hall which was rec,ived by Mrs. , Nurse, the other for the Independent Methodist Church, Stockton Heath. A picture of the Countess of Carlisle and a book, I," The life of Francis E. Willard" were presented to Mrs. Hartill who is leaving for Canada. Mrs. Owen and Mrs. Clatworthy spoke of the god work which Mrs. Hartiil had done and expressed their sorrow at her leaving. Mrs. Smith, president of the Ashton•in-Makerfield Branch, said she knew something of the worth of Mrs. Hartill for she had been a good help to them for some month.; she would be missed mote after elle had gone. Mrs. Hartill bravely replied and pleaded for m re earnestness in the a, rk here; chew, uld take it up acmes the water. Mr.. Garnett preoided. Refreshments were handed round and the musical pogrom., was very mach enjoyed. Songs were given BY Miss Hough, Mies Floe in Adams, Mr. A. 0. Dale, Mr. Ellison, and Mr. Stanley Hartill. The accompanists were Miss Oakley sod Miss Shaw. Mrs Wooley and Amy Hart,!! gave suitable recita- tions On Wednesday the usual monthly meeting Wan held.

-- - Warrington Chamber of Commerce. At a meeting of the Council held on Thursday, the President, Mr. R. I'. Fairclough, in the chair, the Alliance Box Company, Ltd., were ottani rnomly elecel members of the Chamber. The Secretary, (Alderman Bennett) reported that he and Mr. Kingdon had attended the 51st Annual Meeting of the Amociated Chambers in London on the 14th, 15th, and lfith March, and that the resolution of the Warrington Chamber in support of the Daylight Saving Bill had been carried unanimously. They had also attended the meeting of the British Empire League at the Guildhall to promote the adoeion of an Empire Trade Mark, and the Secretory bad been present at the annual meeting of Sect etarie. of Chambers of Commerce.— It was proposed by Mr. Dolman Kingdoo, M.A., seconded by Mr. Fsirclough and resolved : " That the Council pttl.e Warrington Chamber of C mrnerce consider that the existing Trunk Telephone Service is quite inadequate to the pretest requirements of modern business. That they are of opinion that advantage stimuli, be takrn of the approaching transfer of the telephones from the National Telephone Com- pany to the General Post Office to place the whole service on a thoroughly efficient Muria. That they conaider that the mom, satisfactory way in which this can be effected M foe a strong ciimmittee to be couetituted, including representative members of the commercial community under the Chairman- ship of the Postmaster General, this committee to be estrueted wire • large measure of administrative control over both the Telephone and Telegraph Systems, and also with the duty of formulating and carrying Gut thoroughly practical echeme."—•"l'hat • copy of them resolutions be forwarded to the Post- master General requesting him to take the necessary steps to carry out the suggerstions embodied therein."

South Lancashire Regiment. Lieutenant I.'. I W on r, &nth Lau...hire Regiment, has liern ut• d to the vacancy adjutancy of the 3rd (IZesetve Ba•talion at Orford Barracks. Parliamentary Debating Society liberals. . .

On TiteHday ev Liog at Atkinson a Cafe, the Lilerals of the Warriogton Parliamentary Debating Society met under the presidency of Mr. E. Wynne 'Jones and • programme it p•ogressire legislation was drawn up to be introduced at the next session. Mr. Wynne loots will again I e the Prime Minister and Mr. Jarman, Chancellor of the Exchequer.

R SLIAIII.II CARS for hire hy the day Or W..k with or withnut driver. —J. !I. GA RLA ND, 5I to 55, Bridge et, W rringron.—Advt. Death of an Off lleeneee. We regret loon' MID, the death nf lire. Caldwell, wife of the late Mr. Joseph Caldwell, a prominent local baker, which to. k pl. en t t her home in Wake- field-street on the Ist inst. Decessel, who was in her 70th yem- herb ea,ried on the business c.f an off. licencee ce her hualsnd's death about levee ears ego. She was well-kt own anti highly esteemed lathe diatrict.

LtiPainters at the Royal Academy. l.ule Ides tilts par fx It 'bite three portrait., Lade Ad, at d I toroth), Inglis, •nd the Mayors.", of t. Helens. Mr. Ilenry Wood. ahem, " The F.tebroidereas " and Laundry /Title, Velliee," and Mr. Oswald Oaraide a o'er e..lnur, " Old Whitby " hung on the line. The latter artist also ha, had accepted and burg it Ve Paris Salon, two water colour drawingi "lall tid Bridge" and' On llninney Marithey," and at The Institute td Painter. In Water ' Colours, ten drawings " Stiarid-oadhe•Greeu "and " By fleetly Mere."

Fusers] of Mrs. Hewitt. The funeral of the late Mrs. Hewitt (73 yen), of , Petal-street, Warr ington,widow of the late Mr. Richard Hewitt, took place in the Cadiehead Wesleyan Cemetery on the 21;th oil. A epecielsetvice was held in the Wesleyan Church, the inside clock of which was presented to the tituttees by the deceased lady when Site church was erected. The choir sang " 0 God, our help in ages past," and " There ie a land of pure delight," and the organist, Mr. E. 11mi:eon, played the Dead March in " Saul." The Rev. J. E. Halford was the officiating minister. Many beautiful wreaths were placed over the grave. Lead Wedding. . . . .

In the prei•entrew of a large congregation the marriage Was solemnized at Holy 'frinity Church on Thirraday. of Mr. Harry H. Bradburn, of Fearnhead, and Miss Cissie Emma, (laugher of the late Mr. John Emson aed Mrs. Emwm, 19, Thynne-street, Warrington. The Rev. E. C. E. Carleton officiated. The bride was given array by her brother, Mr. Fred J Ermain, and attended by her sisters Misses Mande and Clara Einem as bridesmaid.. Mr W. Perming•on dis- charged the duties of best man. After the ceremony a reception was held at the home ofthe bride's mother. The newly-married couple were the recipients of numerous handsome present,.

LAWN Moo; MIS from 141-, Gordon Rollo. 27,4, Lawn 1110.0( Main A sp., iality.—J. S. OA is-txv, 51 to 55, 13ridgo Werriogton.—Adm. Academy-street Adult School.

Mr. lit vey Smith bit upon the ideal type of lecturette for Adult Schools on Sunday morning hist, , and tol the evergreen subject " The Immottality of the Soul " with which he dealt in a very colloquial manner, provoking just sufficient discussion to attain the object of these "Talks with men," to wit, the awakening of their reasoning powers, and a whetting of their appet,trs for deeper study. F., idently Mr. Smith in quite unbiaeed against ecientific research. and in this he pointed out the difficulties of discrimina- tion of the Scriptures,as to what is f4ct,what is poetry or what is drama. Nevertheless he believed in a future state. Wa replies to critics however, contained the moAt sal ent features of the while subject Bewsey Adult School. .

One 71 the mo-t enjoyable rccials of the season was held on Monday in Academy-street Adult School. Them sere about 80 member, and friends present, and the evening was spent in music, flinging and games, light rebeshment being served in the interval. Hearty thanks Were given to Mr. Webster (who welded) and to Mi. Wilson for their willing help towards the success of the evening. The moceeds were in •id of the Building Fund for a new aehool at Bewsty. The inerobets wish to intimate that during the summer months they hope to unite in fruptent candles, pies cv and cycle runs, and will gladly welcome any friends why care to join them. Veteran Insurance Agent's Death.

On the 21st ult., there passed away after a long illness a notable townsman of Warrington. Ur. E. IFenton, formerly an agent for the Prudential Maur- !acre Cowpony. For over 20 years Mr. Fenton represented this ebmpany in Warrington, having been ,appointed no agent in 1870 when he can ahnoid the '1 sole ernt of tint rt compsny in the town. He wa pensioned off be the company about 20 years ago, and at the time of his death was 87 years of age. Probably no Warrington resident has ever wen so much of Warr nom and neighbourhood ; for in his long career as an agent of the "Prudential" he must have walked over tiO,O(X) miles in the pursuit of Hs vocation. Palace and Hippodrome

The bill har nej;reek is headed by Fred Kamm' latest creation "Yap Yaps,' in which ll.N.West appeara as the Hon. Charlie Chinn. Other turns vi ill be:— David and Matioit, operatic vocalists; Brull and Henv.ley in their musical Alt 'bun in a music shop"; George Campbell, patter comedian ; The Rangers, in a clever and amusing cyc'e interlude; The Violas, white Mahatman in their wonderful thought trait.- : nisei... and mental telegraphy; Profemalr Norton, the magician; Torn Lea, comedian.

TA, BOT " CARS, MSS unaurpmand for reliabiiity, durability, !Teal and hill climbing. Trial. and all information frery—Soda Diatrict Agent., J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge rt., Warrington.—Advt.

Young Artist's Death. . Students at the Warrington School of Art have heard with deep regret of the death of Mr. Dobson Thomas Clark,who pas,ed away at the early age of 23 rears, at the house of his father, Mr. Arthur Clark,3o, lldarket-streer, Earlestown. Mr. Clark, who had been I practically bedfast for ten months, had great artistic talents and studied for eight years at the Warrington School of Art. He was afterward. • teacher there, and held the full art class teacher's certificate, which cover, many subjects. He also gained a prize f•n- modelling and designing submitted in the national competition. He leaves a young widow end child.—At the funeral, which took place at the Newton Cemetery, the coffin was borne to the grave by four of Mr Clarke's former school fcllows fiom the Warrington School of Art— Messrs Ernenhigb, Collinge, Boscoe, and Hartree. The chief mourners were —Messrs Arthur Clark (father),

Arthur and Percy Clark (brothers), Alfred' Clark ( uncle), T Stirrup, R I)orrian and H Smalley (old boys, Techn:cal I nalitute, Warrington). Wreathe, An, were sent by "Father and mother,' A H Clark, Percy Clark, Coo-ins at Warrington, an old District School friend, Old Boys of Warrington Secondary School, Staff, Fellow Students,and Caretakers of School of Art, Warrington.

'tenement Committee. The I meeting of the Assessment Committee was held at the Workhouse yesterday when there were present —Messrs A J Jolley, J Evans, A Brook. J Billinge, W Furness, E L Bent, G Mather. A Bottomley (clerk), R R Meacock (valuer) and W H Wocdeock 'assistant overmer for Warrington).—Mr George Mather moved the election of Mr Alfred ' Brooks as chairmm of the Committee for the ensuing year.—Mr Evans teconded and Mr Billinge in sup- porting, said they would have a very inlinentisl personality in Mr. they motion having fees unanimouelv approved, the Chairman, who was received wih applan,e,sa id be would require the assist- ance of all the members during the next twelve months, I because the work would be very heavy. He took his .pp intment as a great compliment and he thanked the committee for the honour they had ,onferred epee him. Mr. Mather then proposed the election of Mr. W. Furness to the •iceehair. Mr. Gill seconded and Messrs. Bent anti Billinge supported the motion which was heartily agreed to. The Chairman and the Clerk were appointed representatives on the Standing Committee of Coion Assessment Committees in

Lancashire. The committee coneidered twenty-three applications for the position of valuer at an inolulive salary of £250, sod the !ollowing candidates will be invited to appear before the committea nest Friday when the final .election will be made Mr. James Clegg, valuer to the Oldham Union; Mr. A. Stanley Wright, surveyor and ratter, Warrington ; Mr Erne,t Gnnson. rating surveyor and valuer to the Barton-on- Irwell Union, de.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT STATE INSURAJICE SCHEME.

TO BENEFIT OVER.. 14 000,000 MEN AND WOMEN

WORKERS OF BRITAIN

10s. A WEEK SICK PAY.

HOW GOVERNMENT, EMPLOYERS, AND WORKMEN WILL RAISE £27,000,000.

Mr. Lloyd George introduced in the House of Commons on Thursday afternoon his great scheme of State insurance in sickness and unemployment—a scheme t 3 embrace nearly 15 million people and to cost 24 millions in the first year, the State's share being two millions and a-half, though rising by the fourth year to five millions and a-half. The scheme provides many novelties, such as an endowment for sanatoria for consumption and State financial assistance in maternity. The main provisions of the Bill are set out below :

A Juror oheervied that the aonigent [night have oncurred to the children In the sante el rent and the father of the decease I interjected that there had been four camel in which

HIO_FILI,ISK IN THE BROOK BKIORB.

• . The Coroner : Test I, not • TO atm for roe. lam dealing with Vie ease of • child who milked three.. gouts., oft mile to where he win drowned. With regard to the s leg total fence he remarked he wan net man Wert the elfin of the C 'remit lon

C,piain itys ilit of the Itunc irn Grappling Corps eeld tbst he cornmenc id granting opuratloes on Tubed., end semred t'w body ne Weleesday evening, clog. to Evelyn-street, which wet about 50) yards from where the deceased fell in. . . . .

The C .roner In hie adtVell VI the Jere reltersMl tie facts alrehrly stew] and enumerating upon then remarked that those left I. aberge of the child knew nothing about it agaVaa until

Tills IV:SI/DA DOG came beck sod by Its dememoor the little girl was aide awe•e tnat something wan wrung. The Coroner was complaining almet the child being allowed to , wand, when the father got op in the well of the I Curt and remarked that the child had wily left the place two., three ntMatse befe vit was mimed. Toe C.4roner replied (hit ep Ain tat (whsr of nine obildrea and haring eight grasdokild-sn, he considered people elionld not hi permitted t • let childrea wand., about a qttrter of • mile away ("re their premises. ['hough he said that he did not want them to thine that he had on companion for the relative.. . .

Toe Foreman T.re jury do nPt att.) an mach import... 3 to the carelessness of the paren:s as to the unfeoeing of the brook. . . .

A verdict of' Aocid.atal d•*th " ol returned Irltb the reootantend ial that the atteo s of lb, Car- poratioe be drawn to the

DAIGEROCS capatowrim OF TO3FACKFY NRIOI, at the place where the deceased wee drowned itel that they take wen, to enforce say legs! obligstior , towArdl the fencing nf the brook., in its preswit state , it wit, dangerout to it..

Tee ith'. or ihn decease] tbsoksi Csptsio By,lsla for recovering the b 4, and the Jury expressed c Dodo- Nene .11h the rs'ati yes and cnnsplinneeted Mr. Ifolroyd for the vow.. anti ,n he t in goring the child Yalta.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
PAYMENTS.

Workmen 4d. a week. Women 3d. a week. Employers 3d. a week. State 2d. a week.

PAYMENTS. Workmen: 24d. a week Employers: 21,2c1. a week, or 15/- a year. State : °be quarter of the total cost.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
SICKNE SS.

BENEFITS.

Medical attendance for all. Men:

10:- a week for three months. Women:

7 6 a week for three months. Men and women: 5 - a week from end of three months to end of six months. 5 - a week permanent disable- ment pay.

UNEMPLOYMENT. For special trades only).

- BENEFITS. - a week unemployment pay for 15 weeks.

Mr. Lloyd George's speech, which lasted two ho irs and twenty minutes, was eagerly followed by a crowded House, and cheered by Liberals and Tories alike. Its chief paints were as follow

===== 0002601_19110506_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
DROWNING FATALITY AT WARRINGTON.

Ti

===== 0002601_19110506_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
ATTEMPTED RESCUE BY A DOG.

Stanley Yates, of Warrington, and the dog Bogie. Little Yates, who is four, with another child named Pollard, fell into Sankey brook. The dog, which belongs to Pollard's father, and which was with them, first jumped in and tried to Flit Pollard out, and failing, then rushed off and fetched a man named George Holroyd, who rescued Yates. The dog in the meantime ran to Pollard's home and led the boy's sister to the brook by her pinaforet,The child, however, was drowned.

[Daily Mail Photograph.

. --, , ..... . . . ... .. , - 4 , - , 4it iw I. , ~,. ... . ~. ~ i _.....,...: ~,, ~,.•., . , , 1 „ A • , a . .., , I 1111-"Ilkt I ; 144' .. • . :44'4 '4i, --11 -41,""c"A. '

===== 0002601_19110506_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLISTS TERRIBLE INJURIES.

Collision with Runcorn .1 P s Motor.

A serious motor accident occurred at Northwich iate on Trmraday night. William Winker, Itaroton, was cycling from Nor,hwich ani at • sharp jurietiom of Naeigation-rosd and Castle 11 .11 collided with • motor belonging to !fr. P. J. Normals, a well-known R,1410.111 magistrate. !looker teas flung beneath the car trhioll Ito never. wan stopped without purling Over him. Tlie cyclist ems picked up unconscious, suffering from • dtep wound over an eye necemitating four stitches. (11Mo.- in of the left shoulder, and concussion. Ifs remain, in Victoria Infirmary, Northwicti.

The Corporation Bill. Oa Wedne.d..c evening the House of COMMONS agned to the Inrdi amendments of the Warrington Corporntion Rill which will now be included in the next Comenineien for the Royal annent.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INQUEST ty. Dog's Remarkable Said

A sad drowoing ocelot, In whicb the mgocity of. retriever played the pr ,11111.9, p.m of proven log a double fatality, occurred on M today afternoon when Alfred P.Alard, 2 ye,. I I to othe, son of Alfred Pollard, wiredrawer. of 59, Priev.ley-street,Warrington, perished in the A. Orey Stook, nett Kimtvarley-street. Another boy, named Yarn, wood in all probability have been drowned had not tho dog. which belonged to the dee mad 'a father, attracted the attention of a reevuer end lei him to the brn34. Tee 'nitwit, whicb was held y toter far at tie PA. S.ttion,w le oto lotted by Itdr. S. Brighoute. . _ . . ...

'The mo•ler"Wf ib, ehild sold th a she last stsr her son alive at 11.15 on afonday morning. w'len she

w6,T TO KNUT,VORD MAY VIOsTIVAL. leaving his. in charge of her daughter SI sbel, 11 yeare, and her sister, fey Green, •red 17 year, Mabel Laurie Pollen, sister of the decemid, •sid that she, along with Iser Cult, Tess told to look shoe her brother. She lac: •ter him alive plarine with • boy named Stanley Vales, aged 4 years, son of Arthur Vales, of Harikaldi.street. He ami then in the yard. Shortly afterwsrds site t sob • neighbour's dinner t Monks, Hall and Co , and eh.. she returned she sin that he was missing so she

WENT -OUT TO LOOK FOR RIM. However, she c iu'd not fled hirn .1 then •hoot 12.31 the d Bogie " came runn'ng up In a wet condition ani beg. turning at her dress and trying to VI. her I, the direction of the brook. no. thinting • ...thin/ wee wrong, she not with the dog, However, when she arrived at the hro tl to toll set nothing 113 she returned home, ani tliea she wai told that her brother had boss dr,isroel. _ . . . . . .

- In reply to the Coroner Lb. %RM. meld that her Aunt was looking after the Corp. Her hr dher wee allowed to play in the yard. In answer t the Coroner P.C. Woollaoott meld that when the witness went to the brook everybody had diuppeared bauuse they th 'tight that when they had got Stalley Yates, nohody ale, wen in the brook and then who, it was found that, the deceased was missing they went hack. Gorge II droyd , wire-drawer, of 115. imSerley.st, aid that abortly after IS moon on Hondo', he won @tenth's at the card sa.e of hi. house when he noticed two email obildren eel • black dog Cfolll the waste land near by, hot as thin wan • rognlnr occurrence he dil not take much notion. Afterward, he new the

,0 OMR RUNVING AW from the hrdok, and after turning towards him (witness) it ran off in the direction of Lovely-lane. A few minutes later it returned to the brook. end thou he recalled the fact that be dal Been two ch. birel go pest with the same dog, no be wen: over to the plate where the dog was standing, and looking down from the high bank be •ter the child Yates embedded in the rail face downwards. He goon got him out and then naked him about the other boy. and be said be did at know and then bormme nnoonsciou. When he got the boy out he could see

NO `HORS OF THR OTHF.H CHILD. Wanes. added that it veal waste land between his beim and the brook. • • • • • • •

The Foreman remarked thot the C irparation had defined the street by putting. corb on oho aide and had not asked anyone else to defies the other side which •••• hoeoded by an onfeeced brook. P.C. %Coeliac's' nil that the children bad bees attracted by a eteeet organ.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FOOD THAT MAKES

YOU HAPPY.

ENJOY LIFE.

life is ni..t worth living if you cannot enjoy it. Anil how ran a man enjoy life if he is unable to sleep more than half the night or work more than half the day ? 1 here are thousanda of men like that—who are unable to sleep or work (or play. even) as they should—and there would be thousands more but for Vi-Cocoa,which is doing more U benefit working men than any other beverage. Drink Vi-Cocoa for sapper and you will sleep every hour tithe night. Drink Vi Cocoa for breakfast and you will cork every he,ur of the day. And you will enjoy your week as yin do your leisure, and you will enjoy life altogether because you will enjoy health. Dr. Tibbles' Vi.Coeos,being a scientifically blended mpound of Cocoa, Kola, Malt and flops, is food and drink and medicine. It is pennant to the palate, and cat easily digested. Start drinking it at once—you will feel the beneiit of doing no right from the first. Do not ask your grocer f r "i' ••.ia slt for

===== 0002601_19110506_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Weocoa

—lt mak, all the difference. Evers grocer sells \i-Cocoa in 61 packets and Oil

Ndeo.

"AN EAST. Sons.g."—John Vernon, 20, Greenalls street, end George (Innen, 17, Victuri•-street, were charged on remand with stealing COlbs. of lend piping the property of Messrs. Hylands Brie. Mr. A. Browt e eppesreel for the prisonere.-1 he Chief Constable mid that the prisoner Cation w s employed at the above named works. A report had been received by the police from Messrs. Itylands' about a quantity of brasn heirg missing. While nmaing investigations into the dirappeaiance of the bra., it was escertsined that the prisoners tad her n selling !rant which had evidently teen stolen, rind which led to the present charge. On the night ol the Pith April, Cotten was working at the works end while no doing nienaged to conceal this lend. Arrangements bed prPviolisly bean meths for the eirriOnl of the Ind, which was taken to the house of a men misted Nunnerle) rind was sold the following Tuesday. Prisoners at Brat &Died nil knosaltdgo of the theft not afterwards admitted all.—Mr. Hearts raid I oth men bad good characters. The prisoner Vernon had been employed at the Ptah Mattress Co., since he wati a boy end his employers knew him to be tritstworthy, and would he sorry to loose him. Unfortonately the men had had an &aster spree.—The Bench inflicted a floe of 205. and

u sae. WHILE UPON INVE,TIOATIONS.—Itichard Nunnerly, Morrie-court, was charged ss ith stealing a quantity of wire nails and alaples, value no., the property of M Itylands Bros. The Chief Constable said this came out while inquiries were telt g made about the previous care. The property was found in the prisoner's house, rnd le admitted taking the articles. Although at lirst he raid some of the articles had leen given to him hy another men he had since admitted all. The defendant had never been before the Court before con similar charge, and he would tuggest that the Bench deal leniently with biro,sa he bed been of considerable help to the police in another a...— Prisoner was tined 30a, including costs, or in default o nnionlh. 11E. v tit FlNES.—Jcneph Matthew., Pimp-3a. Tythgoer-lane, waa charted nub unlawfully catty int on the I usiners of nsurrioertirro dealer without having • licence.—The (hint Cotttable stated that for route time the defendant had carried in this business but he bad no licence from the local authority. A. number ol witnesses none called proving that the defendant had Itought metal from them. He we. alna charged with purchas'ng fluantitiet of metal under the statutary vieight. f e Chief Constable mid that in fain.. to other dealerr they were hound to proceed a ith two or three of Hsi. cares altbou3h he wi old not put any- thing like the ntimber of charges that could be preferred tgainst him. he prosecution eventuslly di cided tit proceed wRh three of these enter and these having been proved the Bench fined the defendant £2O on the first charge and £5OO each of the other three charges

- lin the 0- OURTS

Borough Police Court.

TlllllSDAV.—Before Mr. J. Rymer Y( ung tin the chili, Memel,• W. Roberts, A. J. Jolley, J. Upson, end Ur. .

===== 0002601_19110506_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington County Petty Sessions:

Before Mr. J.. 1. Weekly lin the chair), Colonel Buckton and Mr. John Deckbouee. A Goon " lie oh."—Edward Hewitt, collier, Ashton- in-Makerfleld, toss aerate] with stealing a silver tratch laki chain and a match boa, value £7, the property John Griffin. Prisoner pleaded guilto. The complaitynt stated that ou Monday last lie stayed at 117, Crowdant Earleatown, slr ng with some oiler men among vehon wan the prisoner. The following morning they went to a poblic.boulte shout 7 o'clock and returned shout 130, Ile then a ent to sleep and when he awoke tnt above-named articles mere miming. He went to look for the prisoner and when they found him they rued, him turn his pockets out. A key for the watch and one or two other articles fell out. —William hello, age)! 17, living with hie n other at 117, Cron-lone, said tha on the day in question he saw the prisoner ransacking some of the men's pockets dwansteirs, afterwards going °Weirs to the complaintnea bed. When he mime down he wee wearing the watch end chain. He asked him (witness) to keep everything back or he would kill him. He was drunk.—Evidence was also given by a men named James Down whorn priioner had shown the watch and chain to, with the remark that he wanted to pawn the chain to go to Liverpool and asking witless if he would mind the watch.—Prisoner wee further charged with ateeling a purse, penknife and be value 'Jo. end Ss. in money, the property of Walter Cutter.— The complainant said that he was one of the men staying with the prisoner on the day in question. After returning from the piffilic•house, lie went to sleep on the sofa, missing the articles when he awoke. When the prisoner wee searched, the penknife and key fell out.— Prisoner w. fined 10s, and costs or one month's imprisonment.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS WELCOME HERE.

What could be more welcome here than open-hearted statements like the following? Week after week local as n and women speak out in this earnest wAyoind their personal experiences ring with encuuragement. Mr.. It. Whelan, of li, Witt-road, Widnes, Rays t "For nearly Are weeks I suffered with cruel pains in ray back. The sbnoting.paina under the shoulder-blades were so severe, that at times I was almost afraid to draw my breath in a proper moue,. Day and night I bad these pain., and I did not seem able to relieve them loony war. I couirl not lay en my left side, lathe day time I felt tired and languid and oat of aorta, as was only natural I suppose, teeing all the pain I was obliged to endure. There was • thick randy sediment ,n the kidney excretions, and I also suffered at time. from palpitation of the heart. At last I heard of Dr an', backache kidney pills. and made up my mind to sire them a thorough trial. I had only taken a few dhses of the pills before I found relief in my hack. This noon united rne, and I kept on with tbe medicine, until I was completely cored. " I have • high oLinion hf Doan's pills, and I feel very grateful for all that they bare done for roe. (Signed) (Mrs.) R. WHELAN." 2s. 9d. • tax, six boxes 13s. Ad. Of all dealers. Ark for borro's backache kidney pills, like Mrs. Whelan had

===== 0002601_19110506_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HAND OF GOD IN HISTORY.

The contempletion of the band of God in bistory, the clone-knit process of continuous adjustment and growth by which institutions are formed, may well Lave a deep attrection for minds that are not impressed by the spectecle of human authority aa such. Hitherto the study of history Las oft. n been two one-sided, a search for one rut of precedent, at the expense of other.. But as history heron es more of • science, es the yr necience of the historian becomes more acute, there will le, greater readiness to take facts" they stood and to believe that they are pert of • di•ine order.—Profeleor Sanday, in the Slay 'Contemporary Review."

The Leipzig cotreepondent of the" Lokalanaieger " state. that an autograph letter from Luther to the Emperor Charles that Fifth ha• been bought by Mr. Itierpoiat Morgan through • Florence dealer for 102,000 mark. (Fs,ooo).—ltt uter. The rhertsey Guardianv at their meeting on Wed.,. day, decided to mest • lady (the daughter of one of the men, hem who, it wits stated, pear. vied the power of • water diviner, with • view to bur testing the land, from which it iv hoped to obtain • Letter water supply for the Workhouse.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
RELIGIOUS

Phohr] r.lrrhr re. REV. G. B. THURSTON, RECTOR OF LYNIM. It would he difficult to picture a more beautifully- situated church than St. Mary's, Lymtn. Overlcoking the placid waters of the lake, which is such a pictures- que feature of the village, it stands sufficiently high to he teen over a wide tract of Cheshire country and the building is in itself sufficiently interesting to attract large numbers of pilgrims during the summer month,. Church life in Lymm is in a healthy condi- tion .d the Parish Church and its organizations are , doing an invaluable work under the leadership cf the esteemed Rector. The Rev. Granville B. Thurston, M.A. was born in London en April Sc) h, 15111, his hither Is log at the time manager ci what 'lrons Lloyd's Bank in St. James'e-street, London. Mr. Thurston gained a scholarship at Si, Paul's School, London, and left head of the modern side with exhibitions and scholarship,. Ile was elected a foundation scholar of Pembroke College, Cambridge, in 1553 and took his degree in the Mathematical Trip,. of IS.. A keen lover of !athletics, Mr. Thurston represented Cambridge, gain- ing a blue" for the three miles, in the U. isersity sports against Oxford. After taking his eegree, ht studittl theology at the Clergy Training School, Cambridge, under Dr. Weetcott, afterwards Bishop of Durham. For two years after leaving Cambridge he travelled abroad over Eastern Europe and Northern Africa. Mr. Thurston was ordained at Livernool in 1589 awl was curate at Sutton, St. Helens, removing to Wallington Parish Chutch in 1894. During those years he uNertook ant titer long tour through South Africa and across America. On coming to Warrington Mr. Thurston was entrusted with the special charge of St. George's Mission where he laboured most devotedly, gaining the goodwill and affection of his flock. He was appointed Rector of Lynne in 1808 and the choice has loon frilly justified, for Mr. Mendoi, has proved him- self a hard-working arid unselfish pat ish priest, his kindliness and geniality placing him high in the est imaii3ll of all sections of the community. Ile takes a great interest in local affairs and is a member of the Urban I Pistriet

• 4 0 e

===== 0002601_19110506_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Paul's Annual Sale of Work.

SeVela' IA116011(0 ,111.1 haring t eon sent in to the Vicar (the Rev. W. Bracecamp ...ince the conclusion of tie sale, the total proceeds now amount to 1E32109. 10d.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Easter Gifts at the Parish Church.

A more than passing notice rata the "Parish Church Ragazine ") must be made of three Faster gifts. The first inn. beautiful copy of the Litany in large type for 'he litany desk by the menshers of the Fairfield Girls' Rade Close which an hope to use more frequently • efore long in the Sunday morning service. The second is a most generous and self-denying gift of £2O rn wipe off the debt on the offertory for the past year, gift which ham rejoiced the heart. of the Wardens I chosen reeponsible for the sound flonneial position of the Chun WA fund, And the third in the handsome and liberal offeline of £4O to the Rector, nho desires t return his grateful thanks to all cigar' tutors. -

===== 0002601_19110506_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Concert at St. Georges Mission.

A concert won held at St. George's NE clot) to Mon- elet , ••nd was presided over by the Itev. T. A. J. Ridpath. tin • xcellent programme was provided and songs were rendered in excellent style by Messrs. F. Moon and W. Deno It, liev.l'. A. J. ithlptith, and the Misses F. and tt. Gross, end glees and recitations by members of St. Get rge's Choir. A hurnorons song entitled " McNale's Vedding " sung by Mr. W. Shelley evoked roses of laughter, which were by no means decreased when Beater J. Morris presented '• What dad& left n.e " and " Standing at the corner of the street "for an encore. Toe Star torts of the evening, which literally brought I 'own the house, were the humorous dialogues Wtldeir's Birthday Party "and •• Advertising for • ...Janet 'by the St. Georges Mission Minstrel troupe.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Summer School Training for Sunday

School Teachers

Follow ing the Bocce:, of the Week of Training held at War igloo last sear, there have I eels numerous enquiries as to whet] and where the "Summer School " would he held this sear. Arrangements have been completed (note the 4' Parish Church Magazine, to hold this week of training at Orroaliirk Grammar school from July Slat to August sth, It is hoped on this occasion to have three courses of instruction to suit the iierd of trenchers in I infanta' department, i'/) the main school, (3) senior department awl Bible chimes. Hie lecturem secured include the 1f.., Canon Morley itevensv I), M.A., Miss Phyllis Dent . (trgoniaing Secretary of the London S.S. Institute) who will le iesponsible for the teachers of infants' ciseses, and Mr. H. Herbert Pell., M.A. (late Master of Method, Battersea Training College), who bas just leen ,rpoioted on Orginising Secretary of the London Institute. An exhibition of the newest hooks End also reformed Sunday school apparatus will be arranged. Lectures will be given in the morning and evening, the afternoons being left free for recreation and excursions to pieces of interest in the neighbourhood. Doily services will be held in the Parish Church and special preachers swill occupy the pulpit each evening.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Welcoming Strangers.

Archdeacon Spooner s Advice to Churchmen.

Chancellor Esp., wan annonnced to attend at the Warrington Parish Church on Thursday for the purpose fif admitting to office the newly-elected churchwarden. anal sidemen but owing to increaaed infirmity—the Chancellor in in his eighty-eighth year—he has found imporseible to undertake all the work of the present visitation of the Liverpool dioceseend on this occasion he was represented by Archdeacon Spooner who,st the Chancellor s rsquest, drew attention to several impor. tent matters. Considerable progress had already lien rusde, said the Archdf acon, in the building of the ............. _

The Lady Chapel which he thought he alight say with- out fear of contradiction was the moat beautiful modern eceltsiastical building which this century or the previous century had seen erected wee admired on all hands, and nat already proving the necessity which bad existed for its erection. The services were largely attended ; the attitude of tbe worshippers was moat reverent mad devout, and the offerings presented to ' Almighty God within that sabctuary were Freatly in excess of anything that had leen received lathe old pro-Cathedral of St. Peter—in fact there .1 se everything to indicate progress on all hands. In the course of eighteen months the scheme for the completion of the '''''

CHUN, It 1101:10 r a‘hich wan a very beautiful one and would pro•ide ample accommidationwould be realized in it. entirety. They bed sufficient money to complete the building lot they would a quire additiroal fuse. for the furnish- ing. The Archdeacon mint bore testimcny to the immense services rendered not only to the diocese hut to the caune of the Church generally by the operation., of tbe

111,70 P FRPOOCS VI Nlo

Fire }ears ago the Bishr p asked for C100,0(0 in order to carry out various objects end up to the present about £50,100 had been subecribed. The fund had done • much-needed work in the pro•ie inn of new churches., vicarage houses, and mission balls, while mission clergy bad been placed in poor districs a and valuable prciani•ry aid rendered in variouir other directions. lb. importance of keeping a complete inventory of all the goods and chattels telooging to each church was next dwelt upon, and the Archdeacon panned on to spank of the desirability of not admitting strange presch•rs to the cl wales with. rut the Itialsora licence. 'Die Hiehop liked to know lb. character cad so forth of clergy who from time to time might be officiating within the sphere of hie jurisdiction. Sometimes in holiday times clergy from other dioceses might cone to take temporary duty, but it should be distinctly understood that noun. should

===== 0002601_19110506_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
t WARRINGTON (parch IN .> , _

SOC/AL

take even • nlngle service, who did not hold the Bishop's authority, w ithout that matter being communicated to the Bishop for Lin epproval. Having referred to the desirability of persenling complete sccounin week by week of the mone3e received from the parishioner., the Archdencon iropreared upon the church (ii err their duty in regard to t ntertaining stranger.. IL men often said that kTIIANGERS I 00100 TO 1110 C711:1,11 ES dirt cot ?litanye receive thnt welcome which they natur- ally directed. Ile bed sometirnett heard it raid, to the detriment of the Church f Enclend, that when people w• nt to NouconfoiliCet pinees of wordily tley acre heartily welcomed and ninde very comfortable, tut that was not sleep the dee in the Chu,/ hof England. lie won litre every cboroh °dicer prevent, if he were conscious that • stranger had come to Lis cloud, witeld do his beat to find hint n seat orld give him all tint el. neon nary 10 ideal, that he ear warmly meteor:ed. In than way, people situ had ref eutly come to a neighbon/ hood became associated with at torch end settled down a. regoler church-good. In other enter alters there points were begitcted, people bed become alienated and CI need to go to any piece of ...Lip or hid tett!. d doe. lit “,,teectiop with tome Nonconformist place of eort.hip which, ot course, from the (hutch Inlet of view was mod. undeeireble.

AV! ,Nmr VOPLIS“

===== 0002601_19110506_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Proposed Sunday School Union.

An nil] Le teen (rem rnradnrti,,nierit column an innugurril meeting in connection ebb the propotal to form a Sunday School Union will be held in ihe Colhornmstreet Baptist. Church on Thursday evening next, 'I he chair will be token at 7.30 by the lie•. William fluid of St. John'. l'resbyterian Church. An addrem will he delivered by Mr. Arthur mere- ta y to the Liverpool Union.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Wesleyan Methodist Missionary Society.

At the iiSith annual meet log of the Wesley. Methodist Minionny Society, in London, on Monday, it was stated that hito was a tear of great groans. in most of their minion flehls. The total net incr.ne in full memlntship on s vet...eel at 31105, and the foreign full membership was now 121,032, while there sawn. total adult baptised Christian community of over 322,000. Sir Andrew It. L. Freser said it was estimated that they would 'require t900,0(.0 n year to evangelise the noniChrittian communities of the world. The President of the Conference (the Ittiv. John llornahrook) obaerved that whereas they had every sign of life and movement abroad, they sve:e at home mourning their decreeses year by year.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
St John's Presbyterian Church.

At St. John's on Sonday evenintg lost the lies'. W. Reid preached from Hebrews xi. 4 "By faith Abel offered onto Coda moro excellent sacrifice titan Cain." Mr. Reid said Abel stood forth tor the representative of true spirit oat worship and artal sincere faith, and these were tt.e thoughtn they might carry with them from the word. of the text. In Abel they had a man who sonata God with all his herrt and soul, and found Him. God had restock onto His °Retina. ir worsts'', In these dah a roust hear the brand of sincerity if they were to hope for Cr l's acceptance of it. Abel stood also an the hero of a peat strong child-Itle faith There was only one greet force in the world nod that was Faith. hove was the greater power, hot they were knit together. Faith was belief pot into openation. It was n fundamental of their social, Inanity and latrineo. life, and why should men qtrestion it when talked about in the higher regions of life? Faith was not only month.' o the great crises and trials of life, but was an attitude of the soul. If there he not that attitude then when any great crisis csnar sal they wanted their faith to lean open they would find they had not got it. Was it not worth their while to bee tote possessors of this great faith. not only for their owa sakes hut also for the Me of those who follow for all had some influence.

WHO HAS ACCEPTED THE PASTORATE OF

LATCHFORD BAPTIST CHURCH.

Re has worktii frith great success itt Co.ts Bartist Church, Coatbridge, Scotland, and on leering there was the recipient of a ior-, of gold front the congregation.

r 4...- if A . , k

THE REV. S. JACKSON CHEDBURN,

===== 0002601_19110506_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe Sunday School Anniversary. Rev F. Hibbert on Ceremonialism. The W)clitTo Sunday School Anniversary held last Sunduy ...conspicuous for goad congregutionsjervent escellent sermons.

At the morning service the Rev. Fred Iliiitiert (chairman of the Lancashire Caigregationnl Union) took a• his tem." Rot I have a baptism to he baptised with and how net 1 straitened till it he accomplished !" (12 Sr. Luke, SO). The great life, he eaot, was that which had in it the couscionanese of. mission. No life was great that was not enthusiastic, no love wen supreme that was not passionate. Life was made greet by its passion ; indifference meant wealinesacarlesaness meant loss,the take-it-easy-style 'ended itt uselessness. As a philosophy of life selliiihness sax an absolute failure. The greet heroes of life had been those who were conscious of a great mission and had liced their , lives under the compulsion of a great idea. Christ's Tess a for sue •ess was found in his text. As Christians they had to realise that sin ass in the world and that scorn for it was found in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. During the service the choir gave. titie renitiring of 'The Wildernemt " (Goss) the trio being admirably taken by Miss M. Hawthorn (contralto) and Messrs. Booth (tenor), and B. Hiblert (bars) The quartette was •lso in the hands of those mentioned and Miss F. Wallington. Afro B. iliblairt creditably sang the bass , solo. ' A service of song was contrilottad by the choir and children in the afternoon. Mr.!. Wallington presided at the organ. A duet Light at eventide " was excellently sung by Mrs. Sydney Jeffrey and Slim Edit') Maybury. Mr. Harold Hawthorn was heard to great advantage in" Th. t)i•ine Stevatige." Mr. J. W. Slack presided nod the Rev. F. Hibbert delivered a abort address.

At the evening service the Rev. Elite fIIMIERT took his text Ile bath showed thee, 0 man, what in good, and what doth the Lord require of thee, but to do juatly, and to lore mercy, and to walk hunibly with thy God 1" (Micah vi. 8). He said that religious con.iotte- tress nun fundamental in man, for where they found man they found religion. Man wan the child of God rod it waa nsturat for the child to think of his Father and to seek to get near to Him. The study of religlOre oas the moat Important and fascinating of all studtes and though religion bad often taken on very crude forme and expressed itself in ways that were revolting end cruel, to the true religioua student it was given to get beneath the outward form and to see bee.tb the ceremony th•t was cruel and revolting the effort of the noul to get at one with Gird and to have communion with the Author of all being. Religion like •II forms of truth was, growth, na evolution from the looter to the higher. 'I boy did not expect to fled the fullest truth at I. I eginnieg, nor to diecoxer the most exalted ...of worship at an early age a.m. development. The significance of the Bible revelation was just this—it al.. exalted the moral idea of God and sought to nab. religion an exprension of righteousnets. In the midst of a polytheistic people it retealed the thought of one •upreme God and in the nadat of people. who ' had to conception that religion had anxtbing to do midi morals, it lifted up the thought of a God who wan supremely righteous and who demanded that His peeple shovld serve Him in righteousness and glan- ces of life. There had slwain been three ways In ) which men had sought to substitute the unreal for the I reel in religion—there had Aiwa. been three tendencies towards falsehood in the conception and pr.ti,e of religion. They found that again and again, as they studied the Hebrew prophets. The drat vess to nob. stitute s form of words for the real rigbteousnees of life and conduct, to make the holding of • correct form of word. theconditionof religions orthodoxy— lIIKOLOGY 11.11) TAKEN nig Pl,l LOW 11.1ek. Jenus swept away that substitute in Hia

well-knowo rds, " Why call ye the Lord. Lord, and do not the things which I sly." lb. second substitute for real religion wall ceremonialism, ritualism, the yerformance of ceremonies, the offering of usc,iflcen. the attendance at services, while the heart wag cntoucbed and the life was uniotluenced. And the third ruhatitute was emotionalism, gush end sentiment ; raying sweet things, expreaaing deep emotions, profess- ing great love while life conduct was selfish and it might be unclean. The tendencies among the Hebrews of substituting false forms of religion for the true had teen equally manifest in the history of the Christian Church sod ions t rue today. We were Mill under the domination of the Latin Church. the theological characteristic of which was the substitPtion of the formal for the real, the removal of God from Eli, universe, the separation of man from Clod, with the consequent eashation of the Chun with its priesthood and eactifices. Under the domina- tion of the ',Mill Church religii n as life, dirty, justice, service had bete largely follow n. The Reformation did many good things, hitt it did this bad one—it formulated a aystem of Theology that stew largely Augustinian ; and when it had gct. rid of the authority of the Pope and the diction of the Church, feeling the need of some external authority, it made the Bible an authority which could not be questioned and exalted the letter of St riptnris into ap..aitiie of

, . PoNVEIt WHICH CRIPPLED morcliT, idNorscED ENQV I and made teliglon a metier of intellectual I isccuracy and faith en •I tribute of 11. mind. We were acceptid or rejected by the Church according to the Braininess of nor intellectual oosltion end the correctnesa of our religions creed. The true-blue piety was not saying certain words, nor professing a cert•in creed, nor going throosh a certain oremonia I. The I rue-bloct piety afil loving their fellowtmen and living for the Lishest and the Lest— .' to do justly, to love nil rcy and to walk hurehly with thy God." The Cherch hod largely missed that note lathe pt when it hsd pot the insisteoce upon faith as a matter (intellect. Faith was never a matter of the retell. ct —it was alwa3a e matter of the heart. Continuing, the rev. gentleman said that they were being told thou it did not matter whether Jesueever lived or not and that whit they had to concern them- selves shout eats merely the truths w hich we. con. rained in the story of Jeans. Ilot that contained just the same fundamentsl error which the old system con. !mined —it robl ed religion of its Central Personality. Christianity we not a mete statement of truth, not a mere system of philosophy. Christianity was the revels. tion of a personsl God who was the Father of the race, a revelation made to nit 11 throngh a Man, unique in character, supreme in law and wonderful in power. And the

SEFHET OF THE VOWF.R (iii 11111,TIANITY in making men hal not been found in the truthsj it tevenled Lot in the Person it 'overdid ; not in the philosophy it taught but in the di 'mule force of the Person le ho hurl won men's love and c iremanded their enthusiasm. The virtue of mercy woe not found in grasping greed which reckoneel everything in terms of ceßh--not the relentless spirit which coosi lered material sorcess the excuse for oppression and tyranny, not the utilitnrian- iem which merle the Runt if its gospel the question would it pay ? In conclusion Mr. llihhert asked why ass the Church so powerless ? Ilecaute, he said, it had forgotten thst religion was life tori thet i ho Regret of life was in personal love to its Persons! [lead. Miss Siicrick gave an excellent interpretation of " liens ye Israel," displaying great Nailing esti sweetness of torte. The choir inonedistely followed with Mendeltsohris p tpulsr chortle '• lie not if The ortelnist at the nein:Ong vol evening services was Mr. IV. If. Peyton, Mu,. time , who is to be congtatulated upen the IVICC,S of the musical vortiors of the services.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
ANCIENT ORDER OF FUESTERS

Curt Jaazlel 133.

The numthly meeting was held the other evening in the Croat Hoorn at the British Workmen Pithlir lions, large attendance of members were present, lire. utenant Boast CR. occupying the chair for the Net time, prior to his removd to Ireland. After the newel tombless of the C nut, Bro. Boast read bi Bro. William ... • .„...

......... Ilipkite, an Chief Fenger until the half year!) meeting in June. Bro. Hipkiss in rising to reply was heartily received. Ile said that be felt it a greet honour lobe elected to the chair once more, especially at the present time, because he Court was ianti tut-ailing and healthy condition. Ii hey were increasing ti rnernhership by lespe and biatude and their tleaucial position was very. sound. the present Otlicere • ere • credit to the Order, end 1 they all felt very keenly the lose of Bro. Lieutenant !Bonet. Tney were glad to bear of his promotion to Sentiment, hot sorry he hod to leave them, to Into up more imp° tent dutite. A Juvenile Friendly Society had been started in counection reiCh the Court and wee on. fair way to success. Th:a year they had ron'. in the present room and had removed from licensed

_ pre mites, which mantas already proved a large increase lof new members. Ile (Bro. Ilipkitro thanked them one ',vial! for the honour they had bestowed npon hint, tad to would endeavour to do •II in hie power to help fr rerard the progresa of the Court and of Forestry. Ile had now as Chief Ranger ft very interesting and plermant duty to perform, and that was to present Bro. Roast, P C It, with a beautiful framed emblem, suitably Inscribed, also stash, for the services he had rendered to Foreetry. They had lost a good leader, a man worthy of imitation. his attention to duty and the welfare of the Order he greatly admired. The present s'lo.es was largely due to him and he hoped the arm members • could be inspired to follow his example. Therefore., n behalf of Court hamiel lila, he, es Cuief Holger, had great pleasure in presenting this emblem •n.l sash to lie,'. Lieutenant 'horst for service tendered. rApplauter. , Needless to say Bro.litit, was heartily cheered mien he rose to reply. Ile said he felt the severance from old fiiends, and thanked them for the help they had given ,to him. Ile wished the Cl/WI increased prosperity. and hoped that their united effort. woul I be crowned with abundant success (Appian.). After the closing of the Court, the members eat down to a aubetantial supper. The catering was all that could tie detired, al4 was done by the Br itnnh Workmaa Co., Ltd.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL OF BRO. NIATIIER.

The funeral of the late respected Bro. Jame, Mather, P.C.8., took place on Sunday afternoon at the Warring- ton Cemetery. Bro. Mather had been an active member for over 40 fears, having filled varioua offices. lie was twice elected as Coief Ranger, and wee treasurer of the Coutt for a number rdf year,. After big resignat ion of the above be was elected Trustee, the position he held until Lis retroval from Warrington to Scotland. There was a large attendance of inernbera, who preceded the r,rtrip from the late residence of the deceased in New Wellfteld•Street to (he WArringtos Cemetery. The District was represented by Bro. George Maybury, 13.C.14., Ito. Robert Tbornley, District Secretary • and Bro. ff. damev, District Trustee.—The following &tuts sere fully represented :—Court Jaaaiel No. 134, Cool t Mercy No. 340, Court Warrington No. 430 and Court Elope No. 431.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
SORE QUEER DISHES.

In some parts of the world reople eat seaweed ; in others, birds' nests ale a delicacy. Hooters of big game enjoy a meal of elephant's foot. Ordinary peotle, however, content themselves with a rational mixed diet; and they doso knowingly or unknowingly in order that they may get all the element, necetwary to the maintesanee of the body in perfect health and I vigour. Some foods supply energy, some make good the daily waste of the system, while others again are merely heat-producing. But there ale a few food, which supply all thrac elements, and of these perhaps the best known and most valuable are currants. These deliojous little fruits (really dried grapes) embody all the nutritive health-promoting properties. That is why they are an etrongly rerommendt d •14 an article of diet all the year rsund. Whatever may be lacking in the °Ater ern stituents of a meal, Currants in some form can always be relied upon to supply the deficiency. Every grocer in the kingdom can supply his customers free with a little recipe book showing the niany simple yet delightful wa's in which Currant. can be prepared for the table.

TuNI MEL\ I. TAW-RES.—According to Kemp'. Mercantile Gazette, the number of Commercial Failure. published la Great Britain nod Ireland during the flee week. eudiug Saturday. April I.lth, was OM The number in the corresponding flee weeks of lant year sr.. sr, elnuaring a decreue of 111, being • net decrease in 1911, to dote, of 222.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE WESLEYANS.

New Sunday School Foundation Stone Laying

In order toe.,po with the steadily growing inrleenc• of Wesley. Methodism, the trustee, of the Padget* Wesleyan Sunday School recently set on foot a soliem• whereby adequate accommodation could be made for tire hcholars, who up to the present have aisernbled in quarters which bare produced effects skin to discom- fort owing to their enforced proximity to itch other, and on Thursday the project in deli is to cost £1,500 began to materialise when • the lay ing of the fr,ndation stones took place 'in the prehehce large number of friends. The extensions ere being tinnier! out on land in the rear of the chapel and considerable thou tilt has been required in planning the new building to obtain the occommorlytion rigger.. The old school and via • rooms have been taken down and an assembly ball x 32i0.) a guild nod infanta room x Deed will he erected ; elm two large rooms for ',mug med sod young mouton's clasnes aid five other clans root., together with a hitch. n and store rooms for crockery. a hose store mom for errs and littnners, a library and the thquisite latatory accommodation. The ronerubly hall v ili have en ogee timbered roof, sod will be lighted with large tracery window. and ample provision: in to be made thtoughout for warming and ventilation. Suds portions of the build- ing as ore seen from the road nil) he fared with York• hhire stone parpoints with red stone arch., copings and drestringv In kneeing with the chapel bedding, mud when the concern is completed I\ long lel, want soli le met and accommodetion provided for many years to come. The work in tieing carried tier by Mensra. Joeeph Dolan and Son, builder., from drawingn prepared by Mr. S. It. Silcuck, architeit, and it in anticiptted that in about foer months time the building will be ready for occepatice. The weather for the opening ceremony wes benutiful sod the proceeding. wean brightened by the epp.iarance of so sanity ladieo in their summer attire. Among the gentlemen present at the ceremony we noticed the lin. lo It Keeling. T Wadding, W Seed, V W Kernick, John Donnell, T Gallants Danler rchairmisn of the Liverpool district) Drs Fergusson and Itrionett, Alderman liennutt, Sil arm i J E Richardson, S Dawson, T Wright, Meson, Ward, .1 Irenworthy, Duckworth, William Bennett, John Bennett, I Johnson, I. Bennett, it Strange, Doncestet, It II Afeldrunt, F A Harris and P Silcock The pro- ceedings opened with the singirrg of the fnmilior hymn " 0 Lord of Hoar. whose glory fills" after which the Rif, John Donnell Rd the prayer. Other hymn, were hubrevently sting and then the laying of the Pend...ion stones,which sian entirely in the hindsof the ladien,cron- menced. A,a each Indy performed the ceremony ale was the recipient iris hrindsomely bound hymn book. Sire Unruett won the first to Inc a stove nd In the coerce of • few well.cboren remarks mid that they heard • great deal nowadays or people I winching Dreadnought,. 1)1It nbe thought it wits en fruit an honour to lays atone fore Sunday school. (Xpplterve). Mr. William Bennett then handed 3lrs. Onreett one of tt e el.setneol Waled hymn hook. ,_„..). )• . . .

The following is a list of those w ho took a prominent part in tie ceremony s—Mrs Strange (hymn book, Hew It Keeling), Mrs William Bennett (hymn hook, Rey l'homits Oladding), Mrs Thomas Bennett hymn hook. Ilien John Gunnell), Mrs E Harris (hymn Nook, Mr J Jackson), Mrs .1 Houghton (hymn took, Mr Frank , Harris), Mrs E Richsrdson (hymn hook, Mr John Bettnett), Miss Kmily Ileanett (itymn boob. Hew F W Bernick), Mtn James Geed, (hymn hook, Dr Bennett), 'sir. John Smith ().ymn hook, Aldermen Bennett), Mr. %V Brottgli (hymn book, 'sir F Wright). Mrs T B Duckworth (hymn book, 1t,,, W Seed), Mrs Ciladding for Mrs Thornton (hymn hook, Mr Boycotter), M's Wright for Sunday schot.l (hymn hook, Mr Duckworth), nod Mrs Ward for Sunday school (hymn book, Mr Newton). The gathering then prccreded to the chapel to hew no eddress hy the liew. rialland Hartley, in the coarse of which he said that front whet he htid heard sod se n that day it was very evident hit they were going to hvve a line school in the plisse of the one which misht here done s good work in the past but was now in need of superseding. Their interest in the loon, lives %tee nisersrary sod he mu certsin that if they looked after them the church would ski prosper. Ann man who had an opportunity of looking beck njotti over :At years of Sunday reboil life he could speak of the gr,st influence tht the Stinday echools of the lend had upon the nationsl life of the present day. Ile believed !het the large congregations that ' "

crane together tordny were verV-Irirgolrlre'relise of the influence of the Slimley Schools of other days. Ile impressed upon the congregation the necessity of get- ting hold of the children when they were young sni not., they need to do in the old da3s say sr 7, 8,9, or 10 verve, hr be was convinced that when children came to yeers of maturitT and Judgment if they bad had proper Sundrry school teeming they would not leave the church.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. DAVID GARNEIT AND socitusT SUNDAY SCHOOLS.

In the evening a large meeting wen held in the chapel ovrr which Mr. David Garnett, of Southport presided. Along with him on the platform Pere the Item E Ii Keeling, T Glad ling, Gellern.l Hartley and E Lloyd Jone-, and Memrs W Bennett and T Wright. The Chairman in his opening rernerk• "rid that in the future religious Sunday schools would bane to compete against Socialist Sunday schools, where them was no room for Methodist doctrine and no room for God. Ile hoped that the Sunday school which would seen he erected would be successful, for he was sore that if the Sabbath schools were conducted rightly the chew:chen would be full. (Appian.). The pee. dined Ilmtley impresand tip,e the teachtrs the need for character training and right govt.] teaching. Mr. William Bennett, 'peeking as one who had been member of the church since is incepi ion and as having been an offlee bearer fur 50 years, maid ho had watched the tplemlid proves. of Werleyan Methodism in Padgate with 1% greft rl.l of interest and he h Ted that the Sunday school which was now in °ourre of erection , would be a tritunplmut (Applause). The Rev. E. 11. Keeling trusted that along with the fine building which they were soon to POSFO., they would leave scbolers %hi :h would be aeredit to Pridgate.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
" RELIGION AT A LOW EBB,"

The Rev. E. Llojd Jones then common. d his rouch expected lecture on " The present state of religion In England." After referring to the fact lila 38 )eara ago he laboured nsaoiialeter in that circuit, the rev. gentleman raid that for a long time the conditione of the relieious life of this country had been to him • 8011 roe of great anxiet, and much pair.. Whilst thecon. dition of all other churches was causing him temporary ullety, that of the Methodist Church taken ari a whole was the one greet cotes he had to bur. Ile wee glad to hear of the prosiese they were milling in the War- rington district, hot if they took a view of the whole of the Church, they found that it was for from satisfac- tory. He was very sorry that their church.. were not alone in the deproasi-n, and in view of that fact it was perfectly ridicultux to talk •tiout optimism. An optimist, he said, win a man who would not look at fact. ; an optimist was a man who wan hopelesaly in &lir, and alaays saying to hi. oreditora:that he had an old subt whose orime he did not know, whose existenze be was not sure of, but that his old aunt was going to die noon and leave him a fortune. 'Laughter., But at any rate he (the orally') mu not despondent for there wan, nothing exceptional in the present lepression. It was not the Mat time that it bad happened in the history of the Chriatian Couch that they had had a low tide. They had had low tide, and high tides sad if there were anything characteristic of the present low tide in comparison to the other periods of deprusion It was that it had been miles lower several times before than it wax now. Ile conaidered that a very great bop.. Hoer, heir., The, was • great change in the tine of Methodist nowadays to those of 50 year. ago. Fifty years ago the characteristic of the Methodist was the very vivid reiliaation of a great spiritual experience. An oil Methodist was enamel- astic to the last degree in trying to bring other. to • airoilar state of experienec. But when they looked hack upon the old religious uperienoe they ...id it wu old. fubioned and that they could not be expected to go to past generations. Though • sulicient answer to that objection might lie found in the fact that people lived by the experience of bygone centuries he would say that the major part of the objections to clan meetings, which used to be such • feature in previous dair, . • .. . .

Jiad no relation to con•iction, but was simply a chain of fashion. (Applause.) After stating that the need rf the church was for religion to be • pa,sion and that in times of commercial prosperity religious life was generally low, the plumber said that the danger was of losing the church to the world, for the idea of a church and of a church member did not recommend itself an forcibly to • 20th century man as it did to their forefathers. People raid that a man could be good outside the church as well as inside, brit if they took soy notice of the New Testament they

must glee in their thoughts ve-y easentie place to the ideal of a Christian church. for the New Testament was the history of the Cl tine church among mby other things. For there to beenthusiasm in religion there must be a consciousnewi of tbs presence of the Bola Spirit and they most go back to the truths of old. (Applause.) A vote of thank. was accorded to ths chairman and tho Hey. E. Lloyd Jones on the proposittol of Dr Bennett seconded by Alderman 11.nnett. The olonations to the Sundny School fund nose amount to tllllO. Lad VW., Wen raised at the stone. laying cwremorty and £27 194, at thee Monti, or in the afternoon ari I vort illg.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGE

Warrington Traveller Bound Over at Manchester. .•.

' At Manchester on Wollner'lay, William McNeil Sloane, traveller, uf Orford••venue, %Varrington (who n few yearn ago was candidate for municip .1 honours), lately in the employ of Orme and Soon. Limited, hillard Leila Innortfactiorre.Meneheater, arpeared co a charge of embezzling .C 3 13.. of his employors' 11100 e y. E•idence was shit Sloane, while in Megrim. Orrne's service last year, received nn order to 'ripply a billiard table to II r. Partridge, of the Imperial Hotel, War- rington, for £33 135..

171trtri,lics —paiti7im by cheque, mule out in the prisoner's name, but he Partvidge) believed be en bmiyig f.runs Orme's._

lZoklrerrper ' ernPlored by Orme& stat.trd thet mecosod raid only £3O on Mr. I.4rtridge'o amount for a Celan supplird for .C 32 13..

%%dn.. m irked IT fl 1.51. en dissoust, but the accused had no authority to allow dissoont. Thonsys 'fall Collis, &rector of the firm, stated that the accused hid been in the employ of the Ilrrn fourteen years •ti a sdaried s aaa nt. lie did not receive corn. mistier, on the olden, cud though discount might have been consented to in this case, the prisoner ought to have poi-lover the toll amount resolved. Slottne ploadel golty, se.f proseciat rn stated that they did bet want the defendant ascrerely punished. They were obliged, however, to pruseoute, av they had s good ninny travellers. In viols of the ettdula of the prosecution the bench hound over the defendant in hie own recognisance..

===== 0002601_19110506_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

'..The Man from Mexico.'

" The I.st tonic for the lanes" is the tense and expreanive. phrase which one entlinniost has applied to the farce ' The man from Mexico" which Mr. c Wiley Cooke is pronentiog at the Royal Court Theatre this week. I ',questionably the man who is not tnoved to mirth by the adveniures of Benjamia Fifa!High most have something very wrong with his constitution, for throughout the three acts hilarity reigns supreme. Flinisy and far-fatched the story may be, but then it was only invented to make re Ids laugh, and the fact that it ix eminently successful in that respect would be sufficient to cover a mutated° of sins. For those incline I to melancholy " The nun Irma Mexico" is the very thing to drive • away doll cute and nuhstitute irresponsible gaiety. Benjamin Fitzlnizli, din hero of the farce—s man of high a eta! standing —ge's into trouble through excessive imbibing and is sentenced to thirty days in Blackwell'. lstai.d loaol, New York. The at try oft sudden journey to Mexico is coococted in order to thr,w Iris wife off the scent sail it gives rise to Micro. situations. We net Benjamin doing time and learning the " lock-atop "—a ridiculous gait which would find few iiiiitat nrs outside the penal establishment where it is surmised to be a compulsory recreation—and lie also undergoes the humiliation of It visit how some Lind mission ladies, including his own better half who somewhat stupidly fails to identify lain. When Benjamin reit ma home in the picturesque garb of a Toreador lie is preload for accounts of Mexican life and lies bravely and !Inanity. The contradictions, however, bscomer an °beimun that he is oli'iged to confess the truth but the announcement of his sojourn in prison .vies not create ths panful shock !oohed anticipated.for his wife owns to her pot in a little indireretion, and the play ends with mutual forgiveness. Mr. Stanley Cooke, of" Charley's Au•d " fame, is the life and soul of the play, investing las part with a maximum of fan and earning rounds of applause by a diotioctly clever portrayal. The.e is a dry humour which is irresistible about that caricature of a detective, Timothy Cook, an impersonated by Mr. Edward Chester, Other notable successes are achieved by Miss Violct Kemble- Cooper an Clementine Fitzhugh, Benjainin'ir rout intic wife ; Mr. Sidney C. Sinclair as Roderick Majors, who in alwaye " fixing thing. up " but making no my bluirlers in the pr eel., and Mr. J. Singer as the voluble and much-wronged German, You Bulow Bismarck Schmidt. The play is mounted on a lavish SC de, and the handsome dresses send the ladies of audence irno cstaeice "'lie Mau from Mel'cO is preceded by 0 The necormense," founded on true incident of the South African cacao] admirably acted by thins Kathleen Maude, Mr. William Stack, , Mr. Reginald Besent and Mr. (Jerold Grooves. The orchestra, under Mr. Bonhroydhs conductornhip, sub- units a choirs and oir.ly varied programme.

SPINAL PARALYSIS arable. to move band or hut.. Cured by CAS.‘4..LL'S TABLETS.

° Unable ti move hand or foot for eight months, bad to he fed lying on his back, losing ll.h rapidly, no appetites kidneys and loin. affected," wore the terrible conditions described by Mr. D. McKean. 13, Green 1141114 Street, fiutherglen, nr. Glasgow, before his son'. cure of Fpio•l paralysis by Dr. Cassell's Tablets Mr. McKean writes further 0 Until we gay: him Dr. Cassell's Tablets, we hid tried everything en could Oink of, but all to no good, lot very shortly after taking the tablets be regained the use of his •rma and I legs, and now after three mm nths' treatment hut quite Iwell nod going at tut as thus,. We are positive that it was Dr. Cassell's Tablets tLat cured him." Dr. C• 11.11.11 Tablets will cure all forms of nerve, organic and physical we..se in children or viol.. l'rice lOid , Ir. U. 1., and 2s. 9d., of all chemists. Send 2d. in wimps to Dr. Cia.ell's Co., bud. King St., W., Stanch Item, for • free trial box.

During the past three 3 ea-ra great changes have taken piece in the methoda of farming in Weotern l'anula. 'the farmers have been stri•ine after stuns method which would enahle them to put a larger acres.fe under crop in the ordinary time s, their disposal. The steam tractor was the first solution of the di 15 itilt,, but in 1908 thin Wan anpereeded 1/ the gasoline tree in engine with petrol and kerosene as a fuel. OOP of these tractors will do the work of over 25 fret class draft horses, at about one•third the cost of horse traction, and at the Name time reduce the amount of hired help by two,thirda, thereby relieving the fernier of four- fifths of the irksome teak. connected with the old- fuhimsed way of farming with homes. lb. sale of tractors for points went of Wihnipog this spring amounts to over £3,0,0.1 Betstea 1,500 al 2,000 immigrants arrived in Winnipeg from Europe on floor Friday. Tow numher, although s very large one for the ti ms of the year, sill donhtlesa be eclipsed In. few weeks' time. It is pre• dieted that al.out 400,000 Immigrants will •rrive la Canada, thin year, of whore 200,000 will go to the am. and 100,000 will settle in AlLerta. As an iliustration of the increase in the cologne of Inuoiir•tion busier. from Europe and the mat of Canada to the wemern previa°. Goa youir, it i • Btated that in end out of the Winnipeg situ ion alone there sere 1.200 more ...ter coaches in February, klatch sad April of the present Per then In lain. These Mc.ec do cot include the tact. of baggage cur..

I

===== 0002601_19110506_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
~.,,,.„,,------------•------1 PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

.., ". . ; . . i 1 Trr 'cl ..40,00•-•:%, I . 21, ' • h slir • 1, : - f 1 . , 4 % lit e 501 lk ...,. iii di , ....... . . . i . . . ..

===== 0002601_19110506_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KING DECORATES HEROe.o.

Al Buckingham Palace, on Tuesday, King George presented medals to a number of mariners and others for saving life at sea. It will be remembered that a vessel went hopelessly aground on the Curragh rocks off Ardmore on the Waterford coast. The coutguardsmcn had tried the rocket apparatus, but could get no reply from the ship. Father O'Shea made a deverule effort to launch a little boat, but had to give up. William Harri, landlord of the Ardmore Hotel, however, succeeded in reaching the wreck.

Our photograi h shows WtTwur 11Jrrts on the kit of the top row, and Father O'Shea in the front between two coastguatdsmen

FRANZ-JOSEF,

who is coming to the Coronation as the repre- sentative of Austria, is • nephew of the Arch. duke Ferdinand, Heir Presumptive to the Throne, who is prevented from coming with the Archduchess on account of his morganatic marriage.

* • •• L. •. t 'vt• , -v.

THE ARCHDUKE KARL-

- 11114.4 N ,

===== 0002601_19110506_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
DUKE D'AOSTA

wl.o will represent Italy at the Coronation is wcllKnown in this country. He was here at King Edward's Funeral and at the time of the Diamond Jubilee and the Funeral of Queen Victoria. He is a brother of the Duke of Abruzzi, whose prowets as a mountain. climber is well-known.

i , f• ... 46,,, tt . 4 4 e H II It ilk; ' 4:, . : I i 1 ' 4 a ~.. 4111 F ''''' . 1 P,- ,t. , 14 ~„: t, ...., IL, 1...--..... . * .., fA ' ." .... 111 t .. 1 b ~g. .' Lt 4 t ' . * ,t 1 , 1 t Aril . ~ ...ea.'. .., ,:-...., e...w. ..... , , L

===== 0002601_19110506_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
LAUNCH OF THE "CONQUEROR."

On the Clyde tbis week Britain launched her twentieth Dreadneught. The event was marked by •ge 1 holiday, and huge crowds assembled on the banks of the river. With the launch of the " Concueror " all the eight armoured vessels of the 1909-10 programme are in the water. The vessel, which was named by Lady Pentland, wife of the Secretary for Scotland, is the largest and most formidable battleship ever built en the Clyde. She is $45 feet long, displaces 22,5 f 0 tons, and will develop a speed of twenty-one knots. Her main guns are ten of 13.5, ten broadside, four ahead, four astern guns, and sinless 4-inch enti-torpcdo guns. As a fighting unit the "Conqueror" is superior to any foreign kattleship in a similarly advanced stage of construction.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTIQUARIAN CHAPTERL,i

QUEEN ELIZABETH S GLOVES AND

An Hislorical..Gossip With Some

Possible Morals

There probably never lived a vainer woman thm "Good Queen Bess " of England, and if anything were needed to prove that Kings and Queens are only human beings it would be the story of Elizabeth and her fineries. Of her adornments she never tired. What- ever the demands might be upon her time, the was as greatly concerned about her rersonal appear.mee as if she had not had another interest in the world. She craved admiration like a schoolgirl, and had a dis- like to sce any one look better than herself, or dress in a way to attract attention from her own display. One day, as Mrs. Strick- land relates, Lady Mary Howard, one of her maids of honour, appeared in a magnificent velvet dress with a rich border decorated in gold and pearls. Lady Mary was a young and beautiful woman,and showed off her fine gown very well. The rebuke she got from the Queen was Bo severe that the poor maiden laid up her rich vestment and never ventured to wear it again during Elizabeth's life.

These little vanities of the "virgin queen" are as much matters of history, perhaps, as the great transactions of her reign. At any rate, it is safe to say that they were quite as important to her. Her mind was continually occupied by her jewels and dresses, her hair and her hands, and she never forgot, even on the most solemn occasions, that she was a well-dressed woman. She had a hundred

pretty tricks for showing off her charms, and sometimes was quite ridiculous in her attempts to do so. On one occasion, while giving audience in state to the ambassador from the Netherlands, she pulled off and put on her gloves more than a hundred times to display her hands, her splendid rings, and the gloves themselves, which were an elegant and costly pair. Strange to say, her love for finery grew with her years, and in her old age she even increased the number of her decorations, and dressed in a far more elaborate style than in the meridian of her life, foolishly thinking, no doubt, that people would be diverted by these externals from noticing the decay of her personal attractions. Henzmer, a . . .

German traveller who visited England in 1598, when Elizabeth was sixty-six years old, has left us a description of the queen's appearance, which is alike curious and inOresting. _

In person she is very majestic ; her face oblong, fair, but wrinkled ; her eyes small, yet black and pleasant ; a nose a little hooked ; her lips narrow, and her teeth black (a defect the English seem subject to, from their excessive we of sugar). She had in her ears two pearls, with very rich drops; she wore false hair, and that red; upon her head she had a small crown, reported to be made of some of the gold of the celebrated Lunebourg table. Her bosom was uncovered, as all the English ladies have it till they marry, and she had on a necklace of very fine jewels. Her hands were small, her fingers long, and her stature neither tall nor short. Her air was stately, her manner of speaking mild and obliging. That day she was dressed in white silk, bordered with pearls of the size of beans, and over it a mantle ot black silk, shot with silver threads; her train was very long, the end of it borne by a marchioness. Instead of a chain, she had a collar of gold and jewels."

===== 0002601_19110506_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ADVENT OF GLOVES.

Elizabeth was the first English queen who wore gloves. As articles of a woman's dress they were not used previous to her reign, . .

though gauntlets for men, and long mittens carried tucked in the belt, had been worn a long time by women. For many years gloves were scarce and expensive. Queen Mary Stuart brought from France six pairs of Guernsey worsted gloves, while she had, at the same time, silk stockings interwoven with gold and silver thread, and thirty-six pairs of velvet shoes laced with gold. The gloves worn by Queen Elizabeth and her ladies were very elegant and sumptuous articles. They were lined with white velvet, fastened with gold buttons, wrought with gold, and edged with fringe. These embroidered and trimmed gloves were fashionable a long time (until Queen Anne's reign, I believe.) The University of Cambridge at one time presented the queen with a highly orna- mental pair of glove, coetfng sixty shillings,

An ancient chronicler informs us that her

Majesty, "beholding the beauty of the said gloves, as in great admiration, and in token of her thankful acceptance of the same, held up one of her hands, and smelling into them put them half-way upon her fingers." Perfumed gloves became fashionable towards the middle of her reign. It is said that Edward de Vere, Earl of Oxford, was the first who introduced them into England. This nobleman, on returning from Italy, presented his sovereign a pair of scented gloves, ornamented with roses in colored silks, which pleased her so much that she had a special picture painted which showed her adorned in them.

, Elizabeth was a devoted patronizer of her glovemaker. She put on a pair when her toilet was made in the morning, and she wore them till she disrobed at night. They were of all kinds and prices. One pair was of fine white kid, reaching to the elbows, where they were trimmed with satin and fringed with gold. They were buttoned with jewels, the backs were embroidered with gold bullion and trimmed with gold lace and in the palm of each w-re five little air-holes of the size and shape of melon seeds. ELIZABETH'S RINGS.

Some of these gloves have been preserved, and, though very shapely, they were quite large ;in fact, large enough for a man. This is easily accounted for by the fact that, though her hands were small, her fingers were always covered with rings, several of them of large size. This royal coquette had all the fondness of an Oriental woman for 'jewels, and many of her rings were of great value. Two or three of them possess historical interest. There was her corona- tion ring, which she wore constantly from the time it was put on at her inauguration, never taking it off once for nearly forty-five years. At the end of that time it had become so imbedded in the flesh, and caused so much pain, that she was obliged to have it filed apart, a circumstance that caused her a great deal of concern. When ill-health siezed her, as it did soon afterwards, she blamed the severance of the ring. THE "EARL ESSEX" RING.

In this superstition she will get little sympathy from this generation. There was, however, a ring which brought grief and I possibly the shortening of her days. This was the famous sardony x ring with the cameo head of the queen, which she gave to her favourite, Earl Essex. We all know the

story of the handsome young nobleman,who, gifted with marvellous grace of mind and person, fell at last a victim to the intrigues of his enemies, his own indiscretion, and the jealous petulance of his sovereign. He was her relative, a sort of second cousin, and she loved him in her way, capricious always; one day haughty and distant, the next, when he was ill, condescending enough to goin person to see him and give him broth with her own hands.

When he was quite a youth she had given him the ring promising him that if the time ever came when she should turn against him, even at the last moment, if she received the ring back from him, she would forgive and restore.

There came a day when he committed a political offence that sent him a prisoner to the Tower, where he was condemned to die. The death- warrant was brought for Elizabeth to sign. She did sign it. Then, at the thought of that handsome face being marred by the axe she countermanded it. Finally she signed it again, angry and impatient because the earl failed to send the ring. The ring did not come, and the gay young noble—he was scarcely thirty-four—the k nigh tl lest and the handsomest of all her cavaliers, was led to his doom.

Sho thought 'he had not sent the ring, but he had. Life was sweet to him, as it is to every man who has health and happiness, and lie had dropped the precious ring from his prison window to a boy whom he bade bear it to Lady &rope, his cousin. The lad made a mistake and carried it instead to that lady's sister, the Countess of Nottingham, whose husband was poor Essex's deadly foe. She gave it to the cruel Earl who retained it so that, while the miserable Queen was pacing the floor, looking till the last moment for the token that was to earn her forgiveness, it lay in the keeping of his wicked rival. Later she learned the story from the lips of the dying Countess,but it was too late; the bright young head had fallen, and from that moment she never knew a happy moment.

The Countess was dying when she confessed to the Queen, but it is said that Elizabeth seized her and shook her frail body in a frenzy of rage.

THE RING OF MARY OF SCOTS.

Another ring of Elizabeth that would inspire awe if we could see it to-day was the one given to her by her royal victim Mary of Scots. When Mary Stuart was in prison she sent a valuable diamond ring to her kialous kinswoman. Elizabeth wore it. and with the ring on her finger signed the death warrant of the giver. Strange to say she wore it to the day of her death. Curious thoughts it must have stirred! THE "BLUE RING."

It was an appropriate thing that a ring should he associated with Elizabeth's death, She herself had used them as symbols and now the son of the murdered Mary Stuart was sending one to London to he used as a message and a token. It was a sapphire afterwards known in , court tradition as the 'blue ring," and had been confided to Lady &rope by King James of Scotland, to be forwarded as a token to announce the death of the Queen. All the time the miserable and forlorn queen lay dying, this spy of the Stuart bent over her, watching with lynx-like eyes every breath and motion of England's proud sovereign. When she had sighed her last, Lady Scrope ran to a window and gave intelligence of the fact by silently dropping the blue ring to her brother, Sir Robert Carey, who was lurking beneath. He galloped with all speed, taking a fresh horse at every stopping place to bear the token to James at Edinburgh. Carey reached Holy- rood the following night just after the king, had retired. The "blue ring" was handed to him in bed. He arose, called for his clothes and started at once for London to claim the crown, which a few days after- wards was put upon his head. A.M

===== 0002601_19110506_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
MAGIC ON THE SKIN.

Why Zam-Buk Is or Greatest Healer

The Twentieth Century, young as it is. i reniark- able for • host of new discoveries, hut not one has been of more direct benefit in family life than the pr unction of that rxtraordinary healing piepars- lion, called Zara-lluk.

Because the skin is the moot expels' part of the body, and is accordingly liable every day to an extra- ottlinary variety of dummies and injuries, one needs to choose one's healing preparation with the greatest regard for its purity and efficiency. Mote healing, insulting, and antmeptic tamer is stored tip in one loos of Zen,-Ituk than mints in a thousand tins of ordinary salve. Bead these other realigns why Zam-11u¼ is the ideal preparation. klatir ointments have crept into use whose healing power las been entirely rained by the introduction in tbtni•of cheap animal fate (which of course coon go rancid) in place of pure vegetable oils. This fatal defect of ordinary ointments, and the insistent demand for a perfect healing preparation, arrested the atten- tion qf certain famous British chemists, who set to work to discover something entirely new. In their investigation they decided to entirely avoid animal fats because of their commutesu and rancidity, and they thrust aside rnMeml dnigs, which dry up the skin and generally aggravate eczema and other disease,.

Where wee the ideal preparation to be found ? The thought occurred to three clever men that as Nature had given men the instinct to rub a place that hurts, no had Nature probably stored up eome- where in the herbs of her forests and fields, the right auhstance to rub with. Inquiries were accor- dingly directed into the properties of certain merlin i nal plants from which could be obtained pure essences ' with satonishing healing and soothing power. After these essences had been properly refined and a way discovered bow to bring them together and in what proportions —after this mid a lot of scientific inquiry, there was at last produced • highly pare sulsstance which wan named Zam-Buk, and which represeuta the unique healing, soothing and antiseptic balm that acieutiats have been loaltiog for for centuries. . .

Being entirely different from ordinary ointments, Zam-Buk has tunny new advantages. There is nothing more permanently and more immediately effective than • touch of Zarn-Buk on. naked wound or a dieeased sore. Even in obstinate canes of eczema, ?Actuation, blood-poisoning, leg sores or ringworm, Zam-Bult's rich herbal juices penetrate to the root of the trouble, and quickly destroy and expel the germ, end poisonous matter which are the cause of these hideous skin disease..

===== 0002601_19110506_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ACADEMY GOLF CUP, 1911.

Thk draw for the above, which will be played on the Warrionton Golf Club Links, 1... follows .1 Bainbridge • T F W Diann. J H Clarke • J E Birtles. F U Roberts • M H Brady. S Walla. .11 Grosvenor. W 3 Peacocke • H U Roberts. W Waring • 3 Fairhurst. T 3 Lee • L A Voisey. C D Parkinson • W Richardson, jun. E Wharton • T B Handley. I W Bibby • .1E 0 Thompson. F A Harris • J NI Murray. W Greenhouse • C ostdmo. Reg. Smith •IS Hall. 3 A Ransom • 3 Richardson, jun. W Richardson • W S Dutton. 0 Liofthonse • F W Wareing. H U Enna • 3 Longland.

At Saliba ow Wedoesday, Henry Gavin, aged It, sod George Slater, aged 1 , were committed to • reformn. tory till they are 19 years of age, for aettimx lire to Shibdea Industrial School, a Roman thitholic Institu- tion, from which they wished to escape.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

By Philip Snowden, M.P.

VOTES FOR WOMEN—AND FOR MEN. The discussion of Votes for Women is now again to the fore. The success of Sir George Kemp in the ballot for private members' has given the opportunity for a Second Read- ing debate this week in the House of Commons on this subject. The great debate which occupied two days last session, and which ended in a great majority for the !Second Reading of what was known as the ;Conciliation Bill, gave a great impetus to the movement for the enfranchisement of women. At the time of writing the fate of the new Bill on Second Reading is not known, but it is safe to predict that it will be passed by the new Parliament by as large a majority ,as the last Parliament gave a Second Read- ing to a somewhat similar Bill.

The Bill which will be debated on Friday has been framed with the object of securing the largest amount of support for some measure which will remove the sex disquali- fication from the Parliamentary franchise. The difficulties in the way of securing any- thing like united action among the various sections who are in favour of some form of woman franchise have been very great. It has been a matter of reconciling extremes. At one end there has been the advanced democrat who favours adult suffrage and the removal of all franchise qualifications based on any form of property. At the other end there has been the moderate man,who thinks that the possession of property or the pay- ment of rates and taxes should en title a woman to vote, just as these qualifications now I entitle a man to vote. There are Radicals who 'support Votes for Women; there are Unionists who do the same. There are Radicals who are opposed to Votes for Women; there are Unionists who join with the Radicals in this opposition. There is no party majority in the House of Commons in favour of Votes for Women. About ono- third of the Liberal members will vote against any Bill which proposes to enfranchise women. A little less than one- half of the Unionist party is divided upon the question, too. If either Liberal or Unionist party were to make this a party question it could not carry the Bill, whatever form the Bill were to take, whether it proposed full adult suffrag or it was limited to giving the vote to ratepaying women. THE ONLY WAY.

There is only one way of settling this question for the time being, and that is by compromise which will unite, in sufficient numbers, the members of all parties who realise the position, and are willing to sink personal views and agree upon the Bill which will command the largest measure of support. The debate on last year's Bill served to indicate the lines which such a Bill should follow. The Bill which is now before Parlia- ment has been amended in some respects so as to meet objections which were put forward last year. The Bill as it now stands proposes to 'extend the .'arliamentary franchise to women householders. It does not permit the duplication of votes under the £lO occupation franchise which applies to the municipal franchise. It does not permit a husband and wife to be both registered as voters in the same constituency. It was urged against the Bill of last year that it would permit the duplication of votes. There never was much foundation for that fear, but the Conciliation Committee have been most anxious to remove every ground of objection against the Bill. . .

The Bill now proposes to extend the Parliamentary vote to women who are qualified to be registered as municipal voters. It would give the Parliamentary vote to about one million women in the United Kingdom. It will give the vote to the women who by general consent are most entitled to it, namely the women who pay rates and taxes and have the responsibilities of keeping a home and household together. Marriage is not a disqualification. It is true that only a comparatively few married women will qualify, because as a rule married women do not stand in the position of house- holders. But there are quite a number of instances where the house is in the name of the wife, and in such cases the wife will get the vote under the Bill. In Dundee no less than nine per cent, of the women who will get the Parliamentary vote under this Bill will be married women.

UNREASONABLE CRITICISM

The Bill will be misrepresented again as a

Bill to give Votes to Ladies, and as—being so devised as to exclude working class women. It is difficult to deal with a persistent mis- representation of this sort with patience, Lecause those who make it must be either unprincipled or unpardonably ignorant of the character of the Bill. The Bill will give the Parliamentary vote to women of whom ninety per cent, will belong to the working class. The facts in support of this statement have been put forward so often that one is tired of repeating them, but in view of the continued misrepresentation of the effect of the Bill it is necessary to give the great facts again. The most careful investigations have been made in different parts of the country, and the results confirm what everybody with knowledge knew to be the fact, namely that nine-tenths of the municipal voters are women of the working class. A census was recently taken in Dundee as a typical town. The result was as follows :—Women of independent means 7'5 per cent., professional and business women 31 per cent., wage earning women 4313, working class house wives 35.3 per cent. There is a great amount of support in the country for such a Bill as this. About fifty Town Councils have passed resolutions in support of the Bill. A Bill of this sort is the only measure of woman franchise which is likely to pass this Parliament. As has been pointed out there is not a majority in favour of a wider measure of enfranchisement. An Adult Suffrage Bill would not get one-third of the votes of the present House of Commons. Many strong opponents of women suffrage openly confess they will try to amend this Bill in Committee so as to give Adult Suffrage, knowing that by that means they can certainly kill it on Third Reading. TIME FOR A CONCESSION.

It is really time that this disturbing ques- tion was taken out of the political battlefield. The women have fought for the vote long and valiantly. This subject has been debated in the House of Commons no less than twenty times. Bills for the enfranchisement of women have passed Second Reading six times. In every Parliament for the last twenty-five years there has been a majority

in favour of -votes for women. No move- ment for reform has shown more activity in recent years than this. The most imposing political demonstrations of this generation have been organised by the women suffra-

gists. Over 5,000 meetings have been held in support of the Conciliation Bill, including a demonstration in Hyde Park which,

'according to the newspapers, was larger than the great gatherings there forty years ago when the men were agitating for household franchise!

PROGRESS ABROAD.

While the suffragists in this country have been agitating for the vote, the cause has been making great practical headway in other lands. Five of the American States have given the vote to women, and in others the Bill to grant it has passed the State Legislature and is only waiting the referendum of the people. The women have the vote throughout the Australian common- wealth, and in New Zealand. Finland has woman suffrage and had a large number of women in its Diet. Norway gave woman suffrage in 1908. The success of these experiments is undoubted. Last November the Australian Senate passed unanimously a resolution declaring that the extension of the Suffrage to women on the same terms as men has had most beneficial results. It was decided to cable this opinion to the Prime Minister of Great Britair.. The House of Representatives has since passed a similar resolution.

- - The passing of such a measure of enfran- chisement as this Bill proposes will in no way prejudice any future extension of the franchise. What it will do will be to assure that any extension in the future will apply to women and men equally. If there be an extension of the franchise to men before women have first got the sex barrier removed it is more than probable that women will be excluded. The Bill is one which is much more moderate than most democrats would desire, but it is the best which can be got in the present state of Parliamentary opinion on the subject, and it is on. that ought to be passed in the present session of Parliament.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S CDRNER, Conduct(d by UrCIE CALEB _

THE OLDEST TRAVEL STORY IN OUR

LANGUAGE

Not long ago I was reading what is called the " Anglo Saxon Chronicle," a fine old record written to tell us of the doings of King Alfred the Oreat and the Saxon Kings who followed him. By chance I saw a brief narrative which tells how King Alfred sent a whale fisher named Othere upon a voyage of exploration. He was to go to the land we call Scandinavia, and bring word what kind of people were living there. We should like the story to be longer because it is very good. It is chiefly interesting because it is the earliest travel story in our language. It is much more than a thousand years old.

THE VOYAGE Or OTHiftF,.

()there told his lord, King Alfred, that he had dwelt in a place farther north than any Northmen had ever lived—by the shore of the Western Sea. It was nothing but desert land in that part of the world, except where a few Finns, who hunted in winter and fished in summer, had their huts. He had sailed along the coast of this waste land farther north than any whale fisher had ever done, and had sailed inland up a great river, but not for a great distance,for fear of unfriendly inhabitants.

lie visited this wild North Land for the sake of hunting the walrus,or " horse-whale" as he called it, which has very long teeth, some of which he brought home, and showed the King,

The skin of the walrus was used for ship- ropes, and in size it was said to be much smaller than the whale.

In that land a man was said to be rich if he owned many reindeer. At the time .hat Othere sought out the King, he was the owner of six hundred tame deer, and among them were six "decoy-deer,- who were very precious, since they were used to catch their companions in the wild, and bring them in to be tamed.

He told the King that he was one of the richest men in the land, for he owned more than twenty oxen and twenty sheep and twenty pigs; and if he wanted to plough he ploughed with horses.

Money and taxes were paid in that land by means of deer skins, birds feathers, walrus bone, ship ropes, according to his rank. The highest in the land had to pay as a tax fifteen skins of martens, five of reindeer, one bear skin, ten measures of feathers, a cloak

of bear skin or other skin, and two chip ropes. , . . . .

, He said also that the land of the Northman was very long and narrow. The only part on which man could plough or feed his cattle lay along the coast-line, and even that was very rocky in places. Wild moorlands lay to the east, facing the cultivated land, and in these parts dwelt Finns, who were for ever ravaging the fields which the Northman had tilled, SO that there was constant warfare between the two races.

WHERE IS TOMMY'S CAP lie hunted throllh the librsry, Ito looked behind tbe door, Ito itearched where baby keeps his toys Upon the nursery floor. Ile asked the cook and Mary, He called manilas to look, Ile even started sister up To leave her story book.

lie couldn't find it anywhere, And knew some horrid tramp Bed walked in through the open gets And stolen it —the maw ! Perhane the dog had taken it Atd hidden it away, Or else, perhaps, he chewed it rip And swallowed it, in play.

Aid then mamma came down the staire, And swung the pantry door. And there it hung upon its jag As it bad hung before. And Tommy's face grew rosy red, Astonished was his face, Hs couldn't find his cap—because 'Teas in its proper place. THIS WEEK'S STORY. BAD TRADE. They stood outside a public-house, loafers both, blue-nosed, and shivering. " Not much doin', matey," said the first. " Nothin". Things is orful---simply orful." " Couldn't be wusser. I ain't 'ad a job for near a year." "That's rocky," in commiserating accents. "What'. yer line?" "Me? Oh, I'm a Good Friday bunmaker!" " Ah ! I'm wuss than that!" "Garn ! Wot are you?" "I'm a Coronation programme seller."

===== 0002601_19110506_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
BABIES' BRONCHITIS god IN buoying Cough curud by VENO*B LIGHTNING COUGH CURE,

Mrs. Rosie Williams, 16, Toronto.road, Leytonstone. write. My two childree suffered severely from whooping cough, end I gave thorn SOT Mil kinds of mixtures without soy emcees. It.. I tried Venn's Lightning Cough Cure and they obtained relief at ono*. and very soon they were entirely curod. My baby alp was very ill with bronchitis, but Veil'''. Lightning Criegb Coro has *gain proved invaluable." VP.11:11 Lightning Cough tot., wale 1r the youngent child, and wen awarded the (band l'ri x and (told Medal at the repot Paris Ifealth Pothibition. Price 21d., Is, lid, owl 2s. N. of all chemists.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
--',lll

===== 0002601_19110506_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
_ OUR SERIAL STORY.

[ALL RionTs nESERV.EDI

A MYSTERY OF MAYFAIR,

JOIN STRANGE WINTEIL

CIIAPTER XXIII.

alldn6OX AND TIM LILOCARDISS.

roe the purpose of serving her unhappy friend, the Leoaardesa put aside, for the none:, her artificial training, and became at once tender and earnest. 'the colour receded from her face, and there was a tremulous eagerness in her eyes. A kindly smite came to Simeon's ear and tittered friendly words of warning. "Don't be a fool. Don't fall into the snares of the sea at your age. A Denediek at a momenta notice! l'ooh! Would this splendid woman ever look at you?" Ile mentally compared their respective heights, his appearance and her's, and sighed disconsolately. Like many men of short stature he qreotly admired women much taller than himself. Ile mei* her eyes watching him cautiously, even sespiciouely. Planting her elbows firmly on the inlaid table, she allowed her chin to sink between the palms of her hands, saying with • pal- pable sneer on her short upper lip: "ply question is embarrassing to you, Monsieur. Simeon replied with dignity: "I did not reply, because. Madame, you thought proper to east a slur on my patriotism. Ido not sell tto secrets of my reentry, or accept bribes from the enemies of France. Monsieur Parlotte is caution personified, and is acquainted with the purpose of my visit to your magnificent salon, to say nothing of your charming self. He sketched out for me the life of the lady whose portrait and dia- mond necklace I now have in my posses- sloe." "Who has the original miniature?" she in- quired. "Of may photograph?" "The gentleman who is standing between Monsieur Parlotte and Monsieur Woodford," said Simeon.

She was vaguely preoccupied, and a new expression flashed across her face. "His name has faded from my memory," she said absently. "He is eared Michael Lawson," said Simeon with a side glance at the lady. The lines round her mouth had 'deepened as she gazed at Lawson, whose clean-cut fea- tures were clearly distinguishable under the subdued light of the shaded lamps. Leaning forward on the table, she gazed at him eagerly. She was no longer the self-eon' taied woman of a while ago, for the muti- ee'lls lips were quivering. Involuntarily, two vi-ords fell from her lips: "How like." There was a thrill in her voice which caused the detective's heart to beat a little fester. "You have met that gentleman?" he asked. "No," she said. "I have never seen him befon." "You are sore?" doubtingly. "Yes," she answered, less confidently. "Yet you started, paled, and trembled, and said, 'flow like!. Whom does klongiCl.ll. Lawson resemble?" asked Simeon earnestly. She answered slowly, "It may be fancy, a chance resemblance. He is the counterpart of a man I met years and years ago—a brave man, a very bravo man." "And his name?" aaked Simzon, thinking he had attained his object. "I dare hardly breathe the name." She turned from the detective and gazed again at Lawson. "The man most have had a place in the world," he said insinuatingly. His place was among:d the highest." "1-I'm. He disappeared? Madame, many people have confided their secrets to ine ; they are locked safely away here," laying his bands on his breast. She lifted her eyeo rapidly, there was al- most desperation in the glance. " Confide in me," he urged. "Don't fear. Indeed, I am a friend." He regarded her with rapt attention and respect, but still she did not speak. Is the man still living?" he asked. "The good God alone knows. I cannot tell," she sighed. Simeon coat about in hie mind for a plan, such as would force the lady into an un- guarded admission. " The man of whom we are speaking was your unfortunate friend's husband?" Her face became immobile, and he said, persuasively "Don't say a word more than you think desirable." Her ,expression changed again.

" Take 'courage." said SiM'con. Their heads were nearly touching. She set her teeth firmly and Hushed, while she listened to his next words.

" Your ungenerous doubts of my intentions era injuring the cause of the Princess. You see I know. Why do you hang back in fear? Why do you not tell me the lady's story? I may bring a measure of joy back to her life. What ohould I gain by worming myself into your confidence? I am not in Russian pay. I ilespine the country and love France. I am no longer a servant of the Secret Bureau, but my own master and the accepted com- panion of those three gentlemen talking to Parlette. The unhappy Princess, whom life has been wrecked by unscrupulous scoun- drels, has a chance of a few years of peace. You can bring mother and eon together," whispering the words in her ear. " Mother and sun! Impossible r she ejacu- lated huskily. •

No, not impossible. There is • possi- bility of re-union, but I cannot raise the lopes of either till poBitive proofs aro °Manned. My gleanings are only the fragments of a case, which is for you to cement. Sueesse or failure lies in the goodness of Madame's beart."

'My goodness of heart!" she laughed bit- terly. "Ito you suppose a woman who con- ducts this place possesses such a commodity? The goodness in my heart is imprisoned in a. easing of steel. Don't appeal to it. If you. beguile me into telling you where the Prin- cess is living, what is to be your reward?" "Not a sou." Drawing his rotund Sgure squarely. up, he said sterol', "Cannot you believe in a man's honouri• '

She shrugged her white shoulders and puffed her cigarette superciliously. " That I, Rafael Simeon, am labouring for a purpoae, a most lofty purpose?" With a proud look of reproach he resumed his seat.

"We in our profession," he went on, " have seen too much of vice and believe very little in virtue. Yet there is some little charity, some little purity left in the world, more indeed than perhaps either you or I would give credit for. Let tour reluctance die, throw your suspicions of my intentions. under your feet. From the hour I retired from my post in the Secret Bureau of Police. I said to myself, I will reverse an old saw- and reckon men honest till I prove them rogues. So ends, Madame, my little sermon: On events that have gone by. I love those three gentlemen," sinking his voice, "and I love you, ma cherc." "You do me an honour, lint—" "Ha! You are married?" sighing. "No," with assumed bashfulness. "A widow?" eagerly. "A bachelor-woman, Monsieur." " Ha! Ha!" And Simeon's face beamed'. "My eyes then have not lost their power," she murmured. . _ -

Simeon sighed profoundly. "1 am true slave; you the master." The Leopardess passed her arm over the table and he eloped her hand. " I trust you," she said simply. He gallantly printed n kiss on her jewelled Lagers, saying gently, " Now for the story." Simeon settled himself in his chair pre- pared to listen. . -

She did not immediately begin, but ‘flis cloud of suspicion which had darlicacil her features cleared away and be: counter's/ace brightesed perceptibly. "Pray begin, Madame. I am dying tor host II race. Z

Sh gianced into the salon •- they were un- observed. The players and spectators were all intent upon the fluctuations of fortune. The cards were dealt once more, then the strange man came Err mi the ICCCB3, into which he had slunk, when Blandrordi and his com- panions had entered the salon. Taking ad, vantage of the excitement of the gamolers, he cautiously neared the opening leadiog to the room wherein sat Simeon and the Leo pard,s. But Parlotte quietly int:rvened. " l'ordon, Monsieur, that is the private room of Madame," he said. _

"I am sorry," said the stranger, "I did not know." _

do not play, Monsieert" said Par lotte, fastening his solitary orb on the man in • searching stare. "Luck is against me. There is not a vacant seat and the rules of the salon forbid staWders staking money." - "Pardon, Monsieur, for my remark." Parlotte bowed, and the stranger at once pass-d. "Where have I seen that man before," Muttered Partette. "Mont be known, or he mould not have been admitted." lie signsllcd to an attendant, and inquired : "Don't' look, but tell me the name of that gentleman by the buffet, the man now drinking cham• pawn -" "'He has not been here for three years, Monsieur," the man replied. "When Inc wan here 'ant he played risky games." "And his name?" asked Parlotte.

Signor Vietorien, Dionßicer." said the at, tenrlalt. "That will do." - - -

The servant resumed his post by the door, and the diamond merchant continued his mutterings. "An habitue, whom I do not know. Wm. He roses a subtle antagonism I can't explain. ru consult Simeon, he may be no iuninted with this Spanish or Italia. Signor." Pstg.-He, who supplied the funds for the Certif., was intensely uneasy in his mind, aml his dislike for Victorian, otherwise Count Rodrigues, was intensified when he saw fleer the heads of the players the cynical and evil expression in his eyes, and the insolent smile on his month.

.... "It is true, I feared you," said the Leo- pardess, lowering her voice. "Your reputa- tion am a dissector of plots made your oppo- nents quail when they heard the very name of Simeon mentioned as an antagonist. You have often caused one many sleepless nights, but we never actually happened to he actually at war." "And your name?"

"Cretehen Madeline Runes," said she de- murely, casting her eyes on the floor. Simeon faced her bereft of %orris. Riming to hie feet, he said in tones of great deference: "Madame, I throw myself on my knees be- fore you. Your genius was the envy of the Bureau. Heins ! we dot not meet." "That was art and Par of

Simeon bowed almost double, showing th 3 respect he really felt for an extramdionry woman, who had baffles) the most astute teetive in the Secret Service. She had neser been suspected ; her identity had remained unrev.eal2d for years._

" Sit down. said the Lennard, ss. "Ten me exactly how the diamend necklace and the miniature came into your posw ssion. Let your statement include name and places, and I'll follow Boit. Are we working for • sublime object?"

Ito nodded. "Are we partners?" "For lifer he said sentimentally. "You are chivalrous—for a detective."

"Repression, Madame, and the duties of the State have _crushed my return! bent."

A string band was prying softly. "Do you hear the air the orchestra is play. ing?" she asked, her eyes sparkling over the top of her fan. "Yes. The wedding march from Lobes. grin," Simeon answered, smiling sigiiiii• eantly. "An omen, Madame?"

"Do talk nonsense. but light another cigarette, and I swill tell you of days dead nod go s . _

Steadily she rose from th, lounge, bottling Out her hands, which lie imp i risoned n his. "Help me, and I will become a bettor woman."

• ..... "And you. Madame, will convert me into a better mall," he said earnestly. "I am weary, tired of everything," she said very slowly. "'rho goddess of a gambling hell. My God, what a life. Monsieur, I am praying for rest, and purity, and cleave." "And those shall be yours—if only you will trust in me.

There was sincerity in her heart, a desire for freedom, 1111 honest resolve, it wish for the welfare of the exiled Princess. In the salon the cards were still being shuffled and dealt under the light from the shaded lamps, men and women were winning and losing, while they in their restful retreat were marooned as it were from the bustle of the world. Simeon displayed the necklace and. the miniature on the table.

- The Leopardess threw up her hands, ejects. lating in astonishment "Mon Dieu! my dear Felicia's most cherished ornament." She wound the diamond necklace round tier wrist where it glittered like a living snake. "how superb! See' Monsieur, how the stones flash, a living flame of colour." "Beautiful, but dangerous to the wearer." "Yes, the Kolakowski's would pay highly for this heirloom which they declare M- allen°. their destiny. There is a legend, that at the approach of a death in the family the stones grow dead and dull, while at a birth they sparkle more brilliantly than at any other time." " hi superstition," he said, in a tone of indulgent pity. "1 cannot pass an opinion. May I restore the necklace to the Princess?"

•• I am only an emissary," he said. "I eann?t give the permission."

" WIZ is the present owner of it?" she do. manded sharply. "Mr.. Lawson."

41 think you mentioned him before. Should I be trouldinti you to recount the whole story as you know it?' " With pleasure, Madame." Having replaced the necklace in its box, which the lady very reluctantly permitted, he lighted a cigarette at her invitation and re- freshed his memory by consulting • note• book.

"A man of doubtful honesty was piloting the Honourable Alec Blandford through disused London sewer. The police were very clone after the man and he slipped the case containing the diamonds into Mr. illandford's pocket, where they remained undiscovered for several months. Mr. Lawson claims the right to restore the diamonds to the Princess himself. You comprehend? The necklace is the same as that in the miniature."

"That miniature was always worn by Feticia's husband. How did this Monsieur Lawson come to be possessed of it?" "Ito found—but no, pardon me if I do not reveal that at present. I most consult my client." "Evasion."

" FIOT-t-tniy discretion. To-morrow I will tell you his story unless he actually forbids

"You must tell me now or you will have no story from me," she said firmly. "Where did he find that miniature?" "I surrender, Madame. If. found it In Miss Trafford's boudoir."

"Perhaps she can disclose the mystery," she suggested. "My partner, so far she will disclose nothing.', Then he exasperated the Leopardess by falling into a train of thought, for undeve- loped in his mind were conjectures unan- swered and unsolved. Who was the captive whose indistinct shouts he had heard during the midnight raid on Trafford House? Not Trafford Khan, that was certain. "Do your thoughts take a century," she asked, with • tinge of sarcasm in her tones. "No, precisely five minutes," he answered. "Pardon me, Madame, my wits were wool gathering, yet not altogether so." For a moment they looked at each other, 'their eyes spoke, the reading was plain in that glance of understanding that passed be- tween themt she laughed, trembled, and re. hiked. • • - . . .

"We must net to work," said she. "We have not one moment to lose." " A fear haunts me that the Khan's slaughter will upset our plans," he murmured. "But for her own sake, it is to be hoped that she will not attempt to thwart me." And his face grow dark at the thought of it. we will have no clouds to-night," she cried, pointing her fan at his stern countenance. Simeon's faco relaxed. "Come, now," he said. "Your tips must part now and your tongue relate the story." "Yes, yes, but you must forgive mc if it is only fragmentary," she replied.

Cli AFTER XXIV. Till LEOPARDESS'S STORY AND TOR DISAP.

-P;SAKANCI OF 8111 MON,

In low and rigid tones Gretchen Madeline Runes began her story. "My father's es tates adjoined those of Count Saloski. Feli- cia, his daughter, was indeed his only child. We met for the first time at a convent on the borders of the Pyrennces. My parents were wealthy, but having descended from a trad- ing stock, were not considered by the neigh- bouring nobility worthy of their high and mighty society. My tether was of German extraction, and being opposed to autocratic rule, he was consequently worshipped by the monjiks, while Saloski was detected by his dependents. The old man was tyrannical, and the Countess severely austere. Repres- sion and the knout was Saloski's idea of rul- ing the peesants in his service, and his treat- ment added fuel to the blare that W2B 11111- Ding through the country. Felicia was entirely different from her overbearing parents, her heart was of anal- toyed gold. She was tender and sympathetic and the poor people idolised her. There was universal unrest amongst the enlightened classes, and the Cossack butchers quelled re volt after revolt by murdering men, women, and children with equal impartiality. With Merging rapidity the discontent spread and at last reached our isolated home. But our moujiks were loyal, they had been treated properly, and this saved Count Saloski from being knonted by Isis own people. In the midst of the revolt against the iron sway of a few autocrats, Felicia and I left France, our education finished. roe safety we and the Salonki's migrated to Moscow, and it was in that city that Felicia met Prince Sergins Kolakowaki. Their tanned ideals of life be- ing east in the name mould, small wonder that they fell in love with earls other. Prince Kotakowski had travelled all over Europe, and while in England had become a convert :to the idea of a government in which the people should have a share. This, of course, Was rank heresy, and the more he preached the more ho was laughed at. Scoffing and threats were of no avail; a conspiracy grew up against him, and practically his doom was sealed. Rut through the storm the Prince remained steadfast to the cause that he es- poused. The cabal raised against him be- gan to take definite shape when he was the chosen favourite of the Cent. In the end Prince Kalakowski and Felicia Saloski were wed." She paused, her next words were dis- tinctly marked, and Simeon was unusually . attentive. . .

"On the mernieg of the ceremony the Prince clasped that diamond necklace about his bride's neck, telling her that the orna- ment had been the gift, of Peter the Great and was held by hie family as an heirloom, always in the keeping of the head of the house. Felicia promivd him that she would geard it carefully, and knowing her as I do, that nothing would induce her to break her word, I am puzzled as to how the necklace came into your poesession?" "So far as I am concerned I only know that it was stolen from Trafford House," an- swered Simeon. "Please go on with the story." " Soine two years after the marriage a scandal got mooted about in Petersburg. An important document had been purloined from the Emperor's private cabinet and the enemies of the Prince seized this opportunity to denounce him. What really transpired was not divulged, but the unfortunate Prince disappeared, vanished alike from the world and his hourt-broken wife. Four days after her husband's departure from Petersburg, Felicia was missing, the servant gone, and the Kolakowski Palace closed. It w., of course, a nine days' wonder, then Prince and Princess Kolakowski were forgotten by all but their friends and their enemies.

--..,.. .. Soon after this me father sold his pro- perty in Russia anit we settled permanently on Berlin. How we lived and what we did does not in any way concern my story. Very shortly my parents died, only a few months elapsing between the death of my father and mother. The fortune left me by my parents soon decreased, bills came tumbling in, duns were persistent in their demands for an early , settlement. Ruin could not be staved off much longer, and money became a necessity. I was nearly stranded when a certain official made a propos:A to me that I should culti- vate the acquaintance of certain per.ions whose political tendencies the Chancellor sus- pected. I am ashamed to confess that I snapped at the odious task and my debts were paid. "I made a d^i=lte bargain, however, that I would never betray the confidence of those who had been my intimates. My services were considered valuable, and I was sent to France with sealed ordera which were not congenial to me. I revolted at the commands and resigned the post of spy in dimwit. At the Bristol, where I had engaged a twits of rooms, I was destitute. Hounded on by my late employe., my creditors harassed me. I has in • very tight corner, Monsieur. My i jewellery was n Papa Parlotte's safe, and lie offered me a share in this gambling salon, which he bad just purchased. I positively jumped at the proposition, and here I have been ever since. Our agroement has now, however, reached a point when it may be ended, and I am thankful for it."

"Ilse the salon proved • gold mine?" he asked.

Money Is plentiful, and poverty far dis- tant," she said. But enough of myself, let me speak of Felicia. One bitterly cold day in February I encountered a woman closely veiled coming from the Madeleine. At the sight of me she gave a cry of alarm. I recog- nised the voice instantly, and new that it wan Felicia, an awful wreck of her former self. I coaxed her Mtit a vehicle plying for hire. Her trembling was excessive; but of real emotion there was none. She had the look of a woman front whom all feeling had been taken. but there %ere an indescribable horror' in the eyes that almost broke my heart. I called in a physician, who said that drugs would be of no avail, that site was suffering from the effects of some terrible mental shock, and the brain must be relieved. I talked of our happy reinvent days in the hope of rousing her, but, t....ars would not come. The doctor urged me to persevere. One day I mentioned Seigius, the chrintion name of Prince Kolakowasi, and at this her eyelids drooped, and I thought that I had acrom. plished my object. "Encouraged, I sought other subjects, but again that dreadful rigid stare returned. However, at the mention of Ivan, her little son, she wan seined with a convulsive move- ment of the body. Then came a norm of weeping, reason was caved, and little by little I gathered her pitiful story." "Did you gather what caused the check to her mental balance?" said Simeon. "The doctor forbade me to put any de. finite questions," she returned. "And Prince Kolakowski had realy diem, peered?" he asked. "Yes; utterly and absolutely. After this Trafford Khan persuaded the Princess to leave Petersburgh and seek an asylum in Persia. Every moment the police were ex- pected, and her arrest was practically cer- tain. She consented. Felicia collected her jewele, and the massive gold plate, by the ad- vice of the Khan, was melted into ingots. no as to be eader for smuggling over the fron. tier." Sim,on puffed furls--sly, at his cigarette. thinking that. utter all. La.., SOWS account of the treemre lilnldes in Trafford 11011se was not a tiere reatien of the imagination, a romance, a delusion, but a very real and tan- gible thing. The detective prided himself on his judgment; now I_, acknowledged that he had summed up the ease wrongly. The Temple of th, Golden Sun did exist after all. "Well, Madame, they crossed the frontier, the Prineees and the Khan. And what hap- pened then?" _ hurried her deouture. tor the

===== 0002601_19110506_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
b,.

h halt assured nor the Prince was an 'rehe.wn." "Lies, of .course," snorted Simeon.

"If the Prince ;vaa entrapped, he never rea-hed the Persian capital, or if he did, the Khan kept them apart." . . . .

"Wh7; the Itly's son?" Simeon amted.

- - . "God only know. a. Ile wan taken away. 'in- tim", six months alter Felicia's arrival in Persia, n girl was born." . • .

Simon ;mild not r,tain himself at this startling intelligence, and involuntarily he jumped from hie chair, exclaiming. ..111•.it dieu. Mon dieu! They love the/ lore. ter. rible, terrible. Who will tell him?" And be fell bark into his seat, dismayed at the thought of the dincicalere which must be made, and which would mean utter ruin to the happiness :If too

"To whom do you refer?" "No matter. I'll tell you later. And the daughter?" She was taken away by the Khan a few days after her birth." One hardly sees why. Then Princess Kolakowski came from l'ersia to Paris?" "Yee." "Accompanied by an attendant?" "Presumably." "Where is be or she?" "I cannot inform you. I don't know." "Did the Prioress leave Persia of her own accord?" Simeon inquired. "Her memory is a blank. The doctor is of opinion that my poor Felicia most have been drugged and kept in • comatose state dining the Journey." "vs here was the Princess located when she recovered?"

"At an inferior hotel at Montmartre. She had received every kindness from the pro- prietress, who told me that a lady and gentleman had brought her in a Sucre, that they had paid twelve months board and lodg- ing in advance. Moreover, in an envelope ad- dressed to Felicia—this man and woman gave her the name of Madame Meyer—l found notes on the Bank of France sufficient for her wants for several years." " Did the Princess reside in the Khan's holm in Persia?" asked Simeon, jotting in his pocket-book the chief points of informa- tion imparted by the Leopardess. "No. tier residence was somewhere in the interior." .

--'7l-rWri well arranged, very cleverly planned," said Simeon. "And the fate of the baby girl, do you or the Princess know nothing of that' "1 have not the remotest idea." _

"Work for me, work for me," he ex- claimed suddenly. "You were an intimate friend of the Kolakowaki family. Think be- fore you reply, for much hang. on the an- swer. It is of great importance. It may mean happiness or misery for several people. lied Prince Kolakowaki any hereditary de- fect?"

"Re was • fine and handsome man, but like his ancestors one leg was slightly shorter than the other."

" My star of luck is in the ascendant," said Simeon, rubbing his hands together and chuckling, "Ha, ha, excellent, excellent." "Why this mirth?" asked the Leopardess, almost crossly, for she hated to be kept even for a moment in the dark.

Ile glanced at her admiringly. It is too late to tell you to-night, the hour is late," glancing at his watch. "We must part." She pouted her vexation, but he pressed her hand, saying, "Don't be angry. You shall learn every detail very shortly. We are at zero now, but soon, very soon the mercury will rise. See? Firing a chance arrow, I have struck the target." Pausing beside her and looking intently into her face, he added: "Ma chere, you ought to learn the art of patience. Ten thou- sand thanks for your story. When shall Ibe able to interview the unfortunate Princess?"

•.Ifa4ame Meyer, remember. I will con- sult her wishes and will then write to you. Where are you staying?" "Al the Hotel St. James's. You are radi- ant in that costume," his eyes passing from her countenance to her rounded neck. Tak- ing the fan which was concealing a satisfied smile of conquest, he whispered, "Dejeuner ith me at the Continental to-morrow?" . . .

He gently pressed her bar; arm, and she said reprovingly, "You are walking on the grass, Monsieur." "Shall we say eleven o'clock!" °I will be there."

"Till then, au revoir," bowing ceremoni- ously. "Not • word of my story," she murmured. "I await your permission. We are partner. In the affairs of Madame Meyer." "Yes, for I can rely on you. ' Simeon's shrug was expressive. She mained silent and he respected her mood. Iler heart was heating uncommonly quickly, but the safety of her dear friend was above all things—even a new-born passion. "Is Trafford Khan living in London?" she said. "Trafford Khan is dead." " Dead!" incredulously. "Yes, he is dead." "When did it happen?" .•

"I believe nearly two years ago." "Your information is at fault." She spoke in such a tone of assurance that it challenged an explanation. " Why? Why? What have you seen or heard? he exclaimed.

"I saw the Khan standing outside lico- rice's just four months ago." "Are you certain of kr questioned the ea- faziaherl d,teetica.

"1 am pomitve. hate iv never mitttaken, and I am uncharitable cno igh to bite that

"Who then is the prisoner in Trafford House I" In speaking his I hought steed, he arotts,4 the !ndy's etlrioait. !Ole was about to ask his meaning, when l'arlotte and Illandierd, ['Alerted by Lawson and •Chin-

nery, ol•prceehed and o broke up the tite-s- -tete.

"An agreeable and profitable evening. But shall we not take our leave % It hugh time that we old birda retired to roma," said the jeweller blinking hig solitary eye at the couple. Then serer itically he added. "If you keep such late .sours Madame, the colour of your elieek.i will fade." . _

" For yOur kindness, rim warmest thanks," said Simeon, formal and premise in manner and in speech. l'arlotte grinned waggishly. "Cheeks are red; that wa.,- the wind blows. You are a gay dog, Monsiarir Simeon." A parting glass was offered and accepted. While they were drinking and paying com- pliments, Victorien swiftly, red iinostenta- tiously crossed the salon and quitted the gambling house. As they passed through the tricoloured chamber, Simeon took Lawson by the arm. whispering, "We are on the eve of a great discovery. I hope to have most important evidence for you. to-morrow." .

Tartrate alai his party passed gaily enough along the street, trat the detective WAR very quiet. His professional instincts were on the stretch. he V/0:1 la only occepied. occupied in unravelling a mystery which ins olved the esereise of that excel tional skill %hie}, had won for him the reputation of being the smartest member of She service from which he had retired only that morning. He wan now nntrammelled by routine, he could work according to induration, and it most be owned that he thoroughly enjoyed the novelty of feeling himself free of the red tape which had Permed,' bound him. Bland- ford, Lawson, and eh innery, who were hugely amused by Parlotte's racy reminis- cences, waited in the Rue St. Honore for Simeon. They waited, but SWIIOOII did not come, and after a time they realised that something had happened? Where was the miraing man? iTo be Continued).

===== 0002601_19110506_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO REMEDY HAIR TROUBLES.

BY A SPECIALIST.

No matter how careful you may be of your hair how often or how faithfully you may eh:twee or brush it -the hair cannot attain the thick glossy brilliance nature intended for all men, women and ' children no long as the dandruff germ in aap_ping the etrength and vitality of the hair rcots. Frequent brushing of the hair and • shampoo once every two or three weeks are both valuable aide to gniming hair beauty, but they cannot destroy the dandruff germ. So far am known the only way to destroy this germ is to rub into the walla twice a day mixture prepared by mixing Bay Runt with dram Menthol Crystals and lox. layette de Composee. As this preparation not only destroys the dandruff germ but. is alao a truly marvellous Itair-grower, it ahould be applied , only where the hair m desired. Any chemist can ',repro the almae formula or you Can pr care the ingredients, and mix them at home; but you meet Ilne it regularly; and be .ure to brush your hair frequently and give it an occasional shampoo. A•onl the frequent we of hot curling-tongs, as they tend to make the hair dull and lifeless.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL. MIA= Union League Beefing.

WIGAN CLUB FINED.

A meeting of the committee of the Northern Union League can held at the George 11,1.1, Iloldersneld, on Tursdny afternoon, Mr. J. B. Cook (Wakef .14 Trimty) presiding. The Bat/ey club claimed derangee from the Swinton glob for the match postponed from Bower ober Nth to April 9th, the claim being made under Les gee Rule IS Thu cominithee, after hearing the etatensmits of both club reprecentativen, decided that the S n,etOn clob pay out the third of their share of the Ce,..tie played on the original date, se provided for in Meth 13. The explanation of the Wigan club wane oh accepted for not playing their full etrength at Wake Held in the match Oldham •. Wigan, as provided for by Rule 14, and fined the Wigan club £25. The eopluistion of Oldham as to the strength of their team which played this match wee accepted. The Denebury club reported the Ebbw Vale club for non-payment of the transfer fee of Dai Tb.ionar, and they sere ondered to pay the same on or before bay 13th. lA'akefleld Trinity were declered the winners of the Yorkehire League and the Yorkshire Combir aloe, and Wigan were declared the winneta of the Lancashire League. It wee announced that Mrs. J. , d.Cooke, wife of the president, hal commuted t prase at lb. cup end medals 10th. yousem of the chaapionsh. p final at Broughton on Saturday.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW PACS' N.

Among Idesare. Ascharberg, flopwood and Creo'.i Intent publications are the tel lovriog •ong• : " King Hilarii y " for tiverris and toritr am, by 14011 doborito , and Harvey l,inton ; ‘' Say obt Hood-bye," words by Harold Simmon and muiniry Tito I1•;.toi ; pitoofort• and • iOllll Melee. "Vain.,Pew 0n04e," by Brio Saymon• • bold and inspirit ing compositimo, sod ...remake Amen," for violin and piano or (trio) by Hoary Tolloirst—a mootbly fluwiog sod brimotisymoludy.

'SI

iii

===== 0002601_19110506_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY. SUNDAY SCHOOLTEACHERS ASSOCIATION DISCUSSES DATE.

lhe quarterly meeting of the Rowley School Trachea Association was held in the Orford schoolroom ors Monday evening. The !lector (the See. Canon Willis) presided over a large attendance. lhe Rector said he did not know whether 1101 DO of them had come to that meeting anticipating • paper, but their object that night wee to discusn the date and the arrangements for Walking Day. Proximal to that meeting a committee meeting had been held when they bad considered eve "hematite cturses for adoption. Find, that they adopt what had hem proposed, via., that June :::nd to, otwermil as Cowin:Ohm Day by the town, the adults and the cerium societies to walk in the morning end the day school children to be entertained by the Education Committee in the afternoon with the following Day for Walking Day. Second, Ant they do exactly what Father Wileon bad suggested, drop the procession altogether. Third, that they ask tbe town to reverse the two days, Walking Day to be held on the Thureday sod the Friday be for the recension of the societies /sc. Fourth, to seven:se Walking Day until the following Friday ; nod 111th, that the town take Thursday morning, while the &lichen hive the afternoon. The committee put either number one or number two as • recommendetion.

itir.G.W.A.ltrown raid what they hood bedire them was • very difficult matter. Oa the Thursday the children would he out all day long, and in the afternoon they would be romping about in the fields. Theo it was propoeed to have 15'4411.g-day rn the following day. What would the children • clothes be like? 11th. ohildren did not walk at all, as was proposed in the second course, the shopkeepers. eepecially those who sold Mother, and boots, would raise an objection. The 'camel teacher. would have a bard day on the Thursday and it could loudly be expected that they should through another day's gruelling on the Friday. He euggested that the brut course would be to approech the Corporation and sew It they could not get the Friendly Societiee to change their day •nd yolk on the Friday and Thursdey be net apart for the children, the morning for the procession sod the afternoon for the enjoyment. Kee. .1.11. Garnett risked if It would be possible to hare • Walking Ihty on the Friday, but triaged of Boutin the procession it nine o'clock to have.. early dinner and start about noon. A shorter route could also be taken and they could proceed straight to the field. lbie tourse would enable the teacher, to haws • reet after the previous day. Mr. Squire seconded. Re,. lI C. E. Carleton slid that worth! not suit all the ncheola no some had to go out of town. He wan also afrsid that the Chief Conetable could not work the procession in the period of time named. Mims White said she world suggest they held service a eleven and then walk afterward&

On the motion being put to the meeting it was boat. Mr. A. J. J. Jolley proposed that the second COW. —the holding of field lestivitiea without a procession —be adopted. Ho mid they ought not to do anything which would appear to be antagonistio to the image.- Lions that had received approval no far from the Municipal authorities. The locel authoritlea had arrived at a oertsinldecision and it had beeo supported at meetings which had been fairly well attv nded,ant they mast recognize these things op accomplished facts. Ile believed it would do more harm than good to adopt the suggestion made by Mr. Brown, nod ask the local sutholltiea to undo what had already been done. (Hear, hear.) They wanted to do the beat hey could for the children and teachers. Ile recognized the real difficulty Mr. Brown bail laid his finger upon with regard to the fact that many of tho day 81.11001 teachers who mere al. Sunday school teacher. odd I. tired after the work of Thursday, hot Coronations did not occur very frequently, and many teachers wint through that experience at the last Coronation when they bad two &Lye' celebration. Mr. James seconded, but on being pot to the meet- init.the motion woe lost. - '

ite•. J. 11. lienkea propoeed that the first ocherne— the town's procession on 'I horsday and Walking Driy on Friday—he adopted. Ile mid that =soy parents bought clothes for their children just to walk to and that they woold not have new outfits if they went straight to the fields. Mr. Done in woondiog said that they should bare • prll7.'S"teltleikld i inefps7'd bewoold like to support the above motion. It was • serious thing to do away with the procemion. Most of the children thought more of the processioo than they did of the after proceed- ings. Do did not think any of the teachers would grumble at the extra work. It would he a great pity not to have a promesion. Eveotosily the proposition I, hold the Walking Dty procession and sports on Friday, June 21rd, wan put to the meeting and carried unanimously. Dote.' Otn—keep the es.- Bay ' dog the Grey S. /Gni HAIN REST- *lour my. Mn' botta _ rywbere.P-

'T Loot OLD—kosp tb.nmages of Time at terkeeing Um Grey Streaks slth LOCK Y' 'HUH ERIK MOTORS /Li:teepees to natural r day. Maiotains youth appearance. I ore.PoeLl end. Molitor:I Laboratory '

tiSriteol

00finle

Large bu.. Loodon,S.E.

I

===== 0002601_19110506_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
IF DISTRICT ri EWSO

Padgate.

WeSLEY Gult.o.—The usual monthly devotional meeting of the Wesley Guild was bell in the chapel on Monday evening last prenided over ty the Rev. T. Wadding. An excellent paper on" NI Iral courage, its anurces,pbases and expression in human liven" was given by Mies Appleton and Miss Ella London also gave a eery interestlne paper on "Earl:witness ea exemplified in the lives or Wesley and Liv ingetone." There was a good attendance and the meeting the oughout was very enjoyable. - • •

===== 0002601_19110506_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Whitley.

MATH Op MRS. THOMAS MORRIS.— A well-known reeldent has passed awe), in the pore in of Mrs. Morris, wife of Mr. Thomas Morris. Marsh House Farro,Dutton. The deceased lady who bad been in a delicate mate of health for some time, sae of a retiring disposition but was respected by all who knew her. The funeral took place on Monday, in Whitley Churchyard, the Bervice, which was of s most impressive character, being taken by (be Vicar (the Rev. J. C. Trenspleasure). The first carriage contained the husband (Mr Thomas Morris), Mews Joe, John, Edmund and George Morris (sns) ; the second carriage, Mrs. Charles Morris (sister), Miss.. Morris (daughters), Mrs. Percival (Miter) ; the third carriage, Mr and Mrs Shaw and Mr. Owen; and the fonrth carriage Mr Percival (Norton), Mr Williams, Mr Morris (Minahull Vern, n), end Mr. Karl Bradford. The funeral arrangements were carried ant by Mr Karl Bradford, ors behalf of Messer, Boydell Bros., of War- rington, the coffin being supplied by Mr H Saunders of Whitley.

Grappenball. Jumin.:l SA LL—On Treeday ahem,&fl a jumble nlde VMS held in the Large Room, Grappenhall, in aid of the funds of the Greppenhall Cricket Club which chow a deficit of about £5. A sorted and numer- ous collection of articles was offered for sale, and the tale was a grntifyins 111:10,48. Among those assisting were Mrs Lister.Keye, Mrs Pigot, the Mire. Pisot, Mrs Ainsworth, Miser Kennedy, Mrs Hntchings, Miss Broadbent, Messrs A Lister-Knye, S Jenkins, W A Gifford, F Smith, E Books, and It Ellis. Mr S Jenkins was • cepable secretary. PARISH COUNCIL. _

- - The monthly meeting of the Grappenhall Parish Council was held in the Council schoolroom on Wed- nesday last. There were present : Messrs F R Roberts (in the chair), A Lieter-Kaye,Certer,Radfirth, Bradford, Burrows, Lorna., Leach, Fox and Ashton. Till NNW CHAIRMAN. Mr Roberts mid before defiling with the ordinary business of the meeting. he would like to thank them all for (be honour they had conferred upon him. He bad had six years experieme as a borough commillor no that the work would not be exactly new to him. lie (Mr. Roberts) thought that they would get along very well together, and he promised them to do all in hie power to facilitate the businem of the Council end at the same time to do his duty to the ratepayers of the perish. (Applause). BUSINESS. The Clerk mid that he had received a reply re the opus ditch on Knutaford-road to may that it Was having the attention of the Rural District Council. Mr. Bradford maid the reply wear vary indefinite and they hod bad similar replies before, but nothing was done in the matter. The ditch in question was bad enough to create a disease. Mr. Burrows (District Conocillor, : This is not the only complaint before the Rural District Council, andi might ray thnt a committee has heen appointed to inspect cort.in nuisances and perhaps I could get them to see this one also. Mr. Lerch moved that the Clerk he instructed to furnish nli particulars to the Medical Officer. The resolution was seconded by Mr. Ashton and carried unanimously. THE CORONATION. The Clerk read a long Government circular which stated that my ...tenable expense in connection with the Coronation could be incurred by levying a special rate, such tate to he fixed by a parish meeticg, sub- jected to local audit if deemed necesmry. Mr. Leach mated that at a parishicnets' meeting (which had been well advertimd and held last week) they had decided to commemorate the coronation of his Majesty King George V., and that all expenseo should he borne by voluntary subscription. - Mr. Kaye coincided with Mr. Leach's remarkn and stated that he thought no difficulty would be experi- enced in collecting sufficient omini to carry alit the object• named but, at the same time he would move w'rbat my shortage of money I e made op bye grant voted by the ratepayers, if found necesmry." Mr. Lomas seconded Mr. Kayo's resolution which was carried unanimonaly.

GENERAL BUSINESS. M. Ashton called the attention of the meeting too discussion on the eIGBPAive speed of motor traffic passing thrcugh the maia roe& of the parish. Flo would like to know whetter anything had been done in

th-e-rnat ter. The Clerk explained i het after careful investigation he found that as a parish they had no voice in the

matter. The Chaim). supgr Merl that they ask the County Council to CollBiiitr the rpleEtloo, and to one chat etnt oary powers they may have in controlling the rood Wilk of motors. The nuggestion ins accepted. Mr Lench mooed that the County C merit be naked to make a new kerbnd footpnth from Stanny Lunt Bridge to the Dna and Dart. Carried unsnimonly. Thanks to the past chairman and overseers concluded the bunions. -

===== 0002601_19110506_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath.

STOCKTON HEATH PAROCHIAL commtrrEE. The annual meeting of the above was held lathe Hall Cafe, Stockton Heath, on Tuesday evening. Mr 0 Pilling presided and there were alto preeent :—Mesary H J Westbrook, 0 J Brown, F Rose, W McDsrmid, W Mclntyre, C W Hulloes, J It Wood, G F Ashton (clerk), and J Swinton (•urveyor). Mr Wr atbrook proposed and Mr. Mclntyre seconded that Mr. Pilling be appointed chairman. Air Brown proposed that Mr Wood be electtd chairmen. Mr Westbrook said they might to bear In mind that Mr Pilling was a member of the Distriot Council and they had always bad a representative of that Council for the Chairman of the Parochial Committre. Mr Wood retired in tenor of Mr Pilling. Mr Clarke was appointed vice-cbeirrnan. The following committees were also appointed : Building Committee,Metters.Hallows,Brown, Mclntyre, Pilling, Westbrook and Pear.. ; Sanitary Committee, all the members of the Parochial Committee with Mr. F. I n as the chairman; Fire Appliances, Mr. Mclntyre chairman and Messrs. 0. Pilling, H. J. West- brook. J. AlcDermid, F. Rose, J. 11. Clarke, J. Hallows, J.R. Wood, end C. W. HAlows. A letter wea read from the Manchester Ship Canal Co., with retard to the blocking of one of tbe syphons with rubbish. A enb-committre was appointed to deal with the matter and report at a later meeting. Mr. Westbrook proposed that a very hearty vote of thanks be passed to the Chairman of the Fire Appliances Committee for Ids valuable serviceu during the past year. This was carried, and Mr. • Mclntyre briery responded. ST. TIIDIAAS' SUNDAY SCHOOL.—A rommage rnle held in the Parish Room on Saturday, in aid of the funds of this school proved very successful, the sum of .£5 heing realised. ACCIDENT TO A %TRU:KNOWN NEWSAGENT.—Mr. John W. Muskett for 17 yearn one of the most familiar figures in thy district, met with an unfortonste accident at Stratton. He was knocked down by a runaway horse attached to a vehicle sad received wows injories to his beck. Ile woe removed to the Warrington Infirmary where he remains an in-patient. ST. TIMM AS' Mao's CLASS B.—An int ereeting ceremony took place during the meeting on Sunday afternoon, eta., the presentation to the clan of a large illuminated nerd. The name of the clan in worked on a scroll on the top, and underneath are two clamed hands encircled by the words " A helping hand." Then is seen the motto of the class " Upward, and onward." The card, which 14S1 presented by Mr. Frank Bailey, has been beautifully executed both as to design and colooring. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to him for his kind and thoughtful gift, and it in pleasing to note that two or three members, with Mr. Lonsdale undertook to fr woe it. and that it will be bong in front of the °l.e.—Arr. Hallows raid be hoped it would he the means of creating more interest in the work of the class. Mu, CLIFFS BAPTIST SUNDAY FCROOL.—SatViCeS Is celebration of the Sunday school anniversary were held on Sunday, when two sermons were preached by the Rev. W. Song& of the Baptist College, Manchester, who slso Ravens addren to the children in the morn- ing. At tho evening service, the choir, who had been admirably trained, song a special anthem. In the afternoon a service of song entitled 'The Child of Jesuit," was nndered by the caoir and children, Mr. J. Moss. jon., preeiding, and he was ropported by the Raw W. &MU. Mr. 11. Brocklehnrat and Miss Ada Groundn presided at the organ sad Mrs. Henry Robert. we the connective reeding.. 1 here was an excellent congregation at each service end COiii Cll.. were well up to the average. At the clove of the afternoon ter•ite the presentation of n travelling beg rod Bible was made to Mr. John Ground. (who is leaving for , Vancouver), no behalf of the otlicers end members of the Sundry school, by Al r.. 1. Moss and Mr. Brockleburst THIS LATE MR. JOHN J RP' FFS.—Tt s funeral of the late Mr. Jo lin Jeerer,. formerly a trodosmoo at Leiela, but who bad lived in retirement at Stockton Heath for fifteen years, took place at Leigh Cemetery on Monday afternoon. the Be' W. I'. I swton officiating. Prior to the interonot s •Pl•ire way held at Si. Thomas'. Church, S• or& t... Poolth, r... dahted. ty the Rev. J Collins (claw), •h • Rev. H. V. Pogo{ (rector of Grappeehmll). and the R. • MC, ester Mr. Jettaa was a p•oroinent churn'. worker. and had Ives • eideeetee

of St. Thomas Church for a number of years. Among the mourners who attended St. Thomas's Church were Mrs Je@es (widosi, Mrs Bowyer, Mrs Stringer, Mrs Griffiths and Mrs Priestner (sisters), Mrs Smith and family, Messrs Albert end Dmiiel Percival, Mr and Mre William Priestner, Mr II Priestner, Mr Horrooks (Leigh), Mr Smith (Leigh, Mr Clewortb, Mr A J Willett (Warrington), Mr W Nlcintyre, Mr A Down, Mr McDowell, Mr Tlt Westbrook, Mr F Rose, Mrs Picton end others. Many wreaths and other flotal tributes were received from relatives and friends. a

===== 0002601_19110506_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Culcheth.

ISDEPENDFST NIEVIODIST Count.—A gipsy tea and concert promoted by the single young ladle, in con- nection with this place was held on Saturday evening last. Ten was provided in the schoolroom, after which a concert was held, presided over by Miss Bickerstaffe. "The Gipsy Chorus" end " What a life eve lead" wire very ably tendered by the choir, and the Sunday school girls gave a very creditable rendering of " The song of the gips..." Songs entitled " Nobod, knows, nobody cares," and " 1 know a lane in Spring- time " were rendered by Mirs Runcorn in her usual , style, and Miss Kenyon gave a very succetsful render- ing of "The gipsy's war&ng," Miss Willocks sang in a pleasing manner ‘• Your eyes have told me so," and Mr H Overton eawg with much expression "Thor," Recitations were siren by Miss Blekerstaffe and Mr E Barton, and a reading by Mr Edge. Mr Stanley Griffiths gave a very &emetic rendering of the quarrel between Brutus end Carmine, from Julius Ctassr, end although this class of recitation was not appreciated as much as it might have been by the audience, we consider it the best effort c f the evening end deserving of special mention. A musical monologue entitled "Christmas Bells" by Miss Griffiths MS also well given but hardly op to the standard of previous efforts though thoroughly enjoy- able and received a well deserved encore. Duets by Miss M Taylor and Miss I. Dodd, Miss Iffickerstaffe and Miss Runcorn were also very creditably rendered. Dialogue. entitled" Henpecked " by Miss Kenyon and perry, end " My wife's relations " by Mr. Overton and party were a huge success,t be distracted husband in the latter item proving himself quite en adept in the art f, acting. The ladies are to be congratulated on the stereos of the concert and a word of praise is doe to them for the trouble they had taken to preps.° the gipsy dreeses which gave an agreeable touch of brig'lt- ness to the svhole proceedings. The proceeds were in aid of the New Sunday school fund. Miss Ort Blithe was the accompanist throughout.

Winwick. CORONATION.—A meeting of parishioners wee held in the schoolroom the other night to decide how they should celebrate the colonist ion—The Rector presided , over a good attendance and said that he never expecied to see another coronation afire the coronation of the fete King. lie remembered the coronation of Queen Victoria, and he d.d not suppose that there was any one , in the room beyond himself and tie Crane who wan alive then. He bad not yet received any communica- tion from the Bishop regarding church services, u he was away on a well-earned holiday, hut he supposed there would he service in the church. He thought they could not do better than follow the programme of the last coronation. A committee was appointed to repro- not Winn ick-with-Hulrne, Hermitage Green, lion chton Green and Arbury. The committee Nem'. the Rev 3 T Owen, Messrs R Stone, J W Knowles, P Lonston,J W Pt nningtoo, J Shaw, J Walker, A Kilshaw, W Southern, 3 Howard, E C Brocklehurst, 3 Grreolulgh. W Sweethve, S Walker, .1 Holmes, T Melling, 3 Dumkell, J Blackledge, P °runway, J Marsh, 3 Crane,eto—MrJ K Pettener, who sus elected bon treasurer, said the amount spent last coronation was about E 75, and he unposed that they wanted about the nme amount this time. It was resolved that Om amount requited be raised by voluntary sub- scription, and it tens proposed by the Rev 3 T Owns, and agreed, that a circular he sent to each householder, notifying when o call would he made for subscription', Mr R Stone brought some samples of Coronation mugs which had been sent to the school, some of English make and one of German make. Mr. Knowles said that the German fling was undoubtedly a nice one, cheap, and just what they wanted. As they were going to raise the money by voluntary subscription and not out of the rates, he thought they could not do better than buy them —Mr R Stone said that the German mug us very nice, but he was looking at the principle of the thing. At some future date, when they were , making Inyt.l speeches in that room, some member of , the audience might hold up one of the German mugs, , and nit awkward questions about it. (Hear, hear and laughter).—After further disunion it was decided to leave the matter in the hands of the committee, who will get further samples from local firms. It was decided that Mr R Stone see the superintendent of the , Newton Farm school with a view to engaging the school band for the occasion.

ono, 'or uoe to.useoo.. COSI-FRT.—The Winwick Orpheus Society gave a concert in the schoolroom on Saturday night, the Rev. Canon Penrhyn in the chair. Several glees and songs were very well rendered by Messrs 0 Gibson, II Morris J W.Taylor, 0 Miler, W Jon., F 6 Floyd and I/ Richards, Miss Carrie Richards (the mell-known Welsh soprano), Mr Morris of Liverpool, and Master J Hairen, (violin moles). The programme was con- cluded with farce entitled,. Black Justice:, ACCIDENT AT THE ASYI.CM.-1 painter named Albert Normen of Mill-lane, Holum, met with a very severe accident on Tuesday night, while following his employment. Ho was on a scaffold about li(teen or sixteen feet high, painting the inside of the -laundry, when he missed his footing and fell to the floor, break- ing hits leg and fracturing his skull. He had only started work on the Monday, after being off • fort- night with a blood-poisoned linger. Ito cnn taken to the Warrington inflrmary. - -

===== 0002601_19110506_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Penketh-and Sankey.

COEONATION COMMITTEE MEE:LING.—A meeting of the above committee wee hold on Monday evening in the Council schools. Dr. Murray presided over • well. attended meeting. Subcommittee; were appointed to arrange a trent for the old folks, children's field .port., end a procemion. It wee suggested there ghoul d be a Maypole dance, old &relish dance, Ac , Ac. An estimate from Mr .1..1 Foden was received for the supply of muga—Mr. Midwood mid while he would like Mr. Foden to get the order he thonght they ought to allow competition for same.— Tenders were decided on.—lt was also passed that the Penketh Tannery Prize Band be asked to play on the same term. as net time. LIBERAL CLUB.—lhe annual meeting of the Liberal Chili was held on Thuradey evening. 'lke member., numbering about 30, were the guests of the President M tea. After tor the meeting was held in the billiard room. The balance sheet gave every satisfaction there , being n balance on the right side. Mr. R. Routledge (president), took the chair, and raid he was very much &aimed at • speech made by Lord Woltrar, the other evening • it might have been made by • Liberal for be sow in it the imolai programme which they on Liberal! .tom! for. Me election of °Ulcers then took place. Mr. H. Dealer, hon. rm cretari and Mr. W. Dwerrybonse, bon. treasurer, were re-emoted as were also the vice-president. and committee with Mr. W. Scott'. name in the place of Mr. F. Ireland who has reelsned. It was also arranged that a bowling main should be held in June, also the natal whist driven and debates during the winter month,.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
PARISH COUNCIL? MEETING.

Lymm. CHERRY TONE INDEPENDENT METHODIST CHURCH. —The school anniversary services were held in this church on Sunday last, when Mr. A. M. Heaton of Stretford, occupied the pulpit. In the aftereoon Mr. Heaton gave an interesting address to the children. Good congregations attended the services misioh were very bright and cheerful. Special hymns were sung by the scholars. Collections were In aid of school funds. CovGRF.CATIoNAI, CHRIsTI AN SERVICE SAND.—The meeting was held on Monday evening in the school veetry, when a good number of young people assembled. The addrees wee giveu by Mr. P. Mare, his subject being 'The great faith of Abraham." Miss Nally Ravenscrof t rendered a Polo Only Remembered "in a most effective manner. Miss Fanny Palikoer presided. The meeting closed with short prayers from various members.

CoNOREG ATIOSA Cil UR‘ 11.—We Sr. sorry to announce the severance of the lie, A. Barrett from the above church, Mr. Barrett having been transferred to Redcar in Yorkshire. An. minister he will be missed in many ways. Ile has won the esteem and affection of nil denominations in the distrio; during the three crams of his ministry at Lynun. Mr. B was a prominent worker in connection with the Lynam Free Church Council, and for the lest two yewn hos taken part in the sera ices at the Parish Church in connection with Citizens' Sunday. He will take with him the best wishes of many Lymm friends to his new aphere of work. • •

UNITY.D MISSION BAND.—The first annual meeting Pas held on Wednesday evening in Mrs. Elliott's tea- room, when a good number assembled and partook of no excellent ten. After tea tLe business meeting was held, at which the election of officers for the coming year took place theme members being elected who held office lest year. In addition Mr. P. Marr, was elected Assistant Leader, end Miss S. Goodier esaistent secretary. The report of the 7ar'e work was read by the Secretary (Miss E. Goodier and proved very satis- factory. Daring the evening Nr. Holt rendered a solo in a most creditable manner, Mr. S. Linley presided. It wits also arrangt d to commence the open air services as soon as possible on the same liners as last year. Mr Edwarde(treestirerr, read the accounts, which showed • balance on the right side. . .

WATLEY P. 1100 Scours.-.-The boys of the above troops gave a concert and display in the Lynam Drill Hall, on Selma). last. The concert 'newel! attended, when one takes into account the time of the year and the inclement weather. The first part consisted of concert of a high-class order, the artistes being well known on the concert platform in the Manchester dis- trict.. Mr Will Rowley (tenor) wu in splendid voice, and gave an excellent rendering of "Maid of Malabar," " Mary," end An Evening Song." Miss Dawson (contralto) was quite at home in' My Ain Polk" and " Gleaner'. Slumber Song." Mr Scott Jilin is elways sure of a rou-ing reception in this district, cod rendered his songs in his usual masterly manner. In addition to " Stone Cracker John "and A Soldier'. Sag "he gaireelong with Mr Will Rowley that well known dent Tenor and Baritone," which was therotighlj j r• by the audience. Miss Minnie Mitchell,a very ye, elocutionist, gave several selections, viz., 1.00 Telegram," and in answer to no enthusiastic encore "Home sweet home," and "'rho Rehearsal," in all of which she displayed a fine appreciation of the humour and the pathos depicted in therm compottitions. The immorons part of the programme was in the capable hands of Mr. Sam Coword of Manchester. The second part waif devoted to a &entity by the boys themselve., who after a "march pest," in *hick they were secom- pdsled by the bugle hand, gave exhibitions of boxing, stogie sticks, ambulance work, anti drill, mono signalling, and semaphore signetring, the messages for the signalling being given by a member of the audience gad unknown to the boys beforehrted. The concert concluded with s play entitled "Ileatleys to the res_ue," which wee very well send. The scout commissioner for the district, Captain Wood, attended the display and after givieg various " proficiem y," Ist and *.ind clue badger, in a brief speech said some people tad the idea that woofing was to train boys es soldiers. This was the last thing it did, drill being brought down to a minimum. The real aim of scouting was to bring out the resourceful..s of tie boy and to make him a good chino. A scout was supposed to whistle and smile at all tire( s. Ile also quoted the Scout Oath end Law, sod pointed out whet the aim et scouting really wan. Ile was supported by Mr. 0. G. Smith, J.P., who endorsed his remarks end this spoked district ribae .:,71 oneofilter theo ni boys o . their uooot' t tj,s bad brso po eps:o the boys in masters who devoted rut much time to their tensile, remarking that their club room was open almost every night in the week when someone was in attendance to teach end encourage them in various branches of the work. The event was very successful and amprn well for the future of the troupe, who are under the capable management of Scoutmuters Theodore Na-h, and James Webb, jun., and eseistante Thomas Kay and Frederick COWCIii. These gentlemen ere always ready to help the boys, and would be pleased to hear of anyone who is desirous of joining. The ellon last Saturday was to help to provide funds for equipment, !sad the tummer camps. PEACE MEETING AT LYMM.

A meeting was held after the ordinary Sunday evenlog service at the Lymm Primitive Methodist School in support of the proposed Arbitration treaty between this oountry and the United States of America. The meting was under the auspices of the L 3 mm Free Church Council. Mr. S. Moss presided. The Rev. A. Barrett said peace was one of the ' greatest insets in the social life of the nation. If there were rival and warring factions, thee progress was hindered. When an element of disturbance crept into: the netional life, roomy materials that were nettled for education and social reform were diverted to manu- facture engines of destruction; men were traced to slay one another, end the Kingdom of God which Christ came to establish was hindered. He did not my that war might never have been necessary ; but when , war had been necesaary men bad gone out often enough in the wrong spirit. It was the state of spirit which men could go but to war which had to be ' considered, and as they knew when men went out to war they went out full of malice against their fellow beings, who were as dear to Clod as they were them- selves. Now, as Christian people be said they were forced to ask themselves : What did Jeans Christ my ? They could not deny OW universal friendship wan one of the principles of the Christian'. life. They who were met there did not believe that Jmus Christ was impractimble, they believed that J.... Christ was speaking words of wisdom, and that He wished them to follow Him. It would be well for them to recognise what war was Ile coiled it " murder" Christ's temhing was perfectly plain ; in regard to war Ile bad come to lead their feet in the way of peace, and it was their duty to establish pence—peace with their neighbours, in social life, and in international relations,--and to pot it open a perinment footing in the world. President Taft said theta treety of arbitration ghoul I be drawn up so that every cause of dispute should be referred to an impar- tial tribunal. That was merely the application to international relations of the same principles they exercised in civil life. Fighting settled nothing. It never decided on which aide justice reigned, and the present suggestion am that as regarded the United States and Britain they should settle their disputee by arbitration. One did not expect in the immediate future that our armaments would cost less, but it tem the begiuning of so end. He saw in one of the paper. that it was stated that the people of the continent were laughing at Us. Well they could afford to let them laugh. It took more courage to take a step sneh u they were taking than to lead an army to the battlefield. It uould be the most glorious day since Jesus Christ was raised from the dead when the treaty was aimed by the two cations who bets.sa them owned more than me-third of the world's surface, ami sled over more than 150 million people. But i. be imagined that there would not aril. Cancer toe G,pote in the future. We wee. keen competitors cd ..eira, they adjoined reads, the Went tr.die. cci • dem • , their meat, and even repenting the test them wodtd probably arise cause. of dispute, but never again if the treaty were sigoed would war take place between the two nations. Here

On Monday evening • special Perish Council meet- ing was held at nine o'clock in lb. Council Schools, Stocke-lane. Dr. Murray ens in the chair and there were also preeent Messrs JO Withinabaw, J Wood...rd. .1 Ditchfield, R Routledge, W Davies and Mr E Foster (Clerk.) The chairman captained that the reason for the meeting wee the folios iog letter hich wee read. Dear Si.,—Re Sankey and Penketh Bounds y Brook. It ken been necessary for this Council to call upon Great Sankey to take steps for removal of a serious nuisance wising from the pollution of thin brook. I am directed to mend to you for the information of you Council a copy of a letter received from the Clerk of the Great Sankey Pariah Council. The rubjtct in one of seriou. importance and I am to request your council'. early observations thereon.—Yours faithfully, J. C. BUTTON. To the Clerk of the Penketh Parieh Council. The latter in question urged that Penketh should contribute to the coat of the Sewerage schemes. the brook was a boundary brook. and took the sewage of Penketh Friends School where there were 83 persons in residence. The Council directed • reply to be meet stating that Penketh Pariah only polluted the sewer from taco cottages and the mute water from the Friends' School Laundry. :The school itself was on the pail system, end the Council thought that the &okay Council's suggestion that they should cunt Shute to the cost was unreasonable. Iley were prepared to remove what small nuisance there was by diverting the two con- taminating sewers into their eai.ting sewer, and pre- sumed that if they removed their contamination of the Boundary Ditch, the Sankey Council would be prepared to do the tame.

Women's Suffrage Meeting at doges. The linyton Public Assembly Boum was crowded un Tuesday night, when a meeting was held under the auspices of the Conservative and Unionist Women's Franchise Association. MISS Evelyn Deakin occupied the ch.dr, and was supported by' Minn Eleanor Rathbcne and Lady Betty Balfour. Miss Rathhone moved a revolution supporting the bill for the enfranchisement of women bouteholders, and said it would have the . fleet of giving the vote to 1,000,000 women, Lady Petty Balfour seconded the resolution, , saying that Colonel Hall Walker was once in favour, but fur note unknown reason had changed his attitude, no she would recommend .cry one of their supporters that evening to wiite a letter to him urging hint to support the bill ow Friday. The resolution was carried with one dieseotient.

Phu Broadey, LYMM ATHLETIC, THE CHAMPIONS OF THE ALTRINCHAM LEAGUE. Lymm Athletic finished their foetball season in grand style on Saturday, beating Rest of League 4-3. The match was well fought from start to finish, the Rest of League leading at half-time 3-1, Athletic plaing a fine game in th second half, thus keeping up their record. Shakeahaft, of Latch- ford played a dashing game, scoring the three goals for Itent of League. The Athletic scored their winning goal in the last minute. The players were kept well in bed by L. Broady. Mr. W. P. Rylanda kicked off and presentel the Cup after the match. M. 11. 01:leer kicked off in the second half. This was a red-letter day in the history of Lymna football, the Cup being the fitst to find its way to Lymm.

• • ••••, A I 2 I* 441 b, 11/4 • "'hot°, L. Broa

===== 0002601_19110506_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
thin was the Kingdom of Christ makin,g a visible step forward, here was Christ's statement ' rho meek shall inherit the earth " coming true. It was te their honour to support a movement that would mean that they should " beat oer swords into plough therm, sad cur spears into penning hoots." Mr. G. L. Welled in seconding the resolotion remarked that nothing in the range of porsibility better than thie could happen which was so calculated to benefit the race, no well as to benefit the civilised world Not only did this treaty go to nettle by erbi.. [ration each matter. sucrose about territory or trod., but it went further—it settled the question of honoor.He Meted that questions of honour were the most difficult and had given more cause for war th .n any other thing. Perham not more than one roan had been involved and yet taro nations had been spinet each other in war' and thousands of men had been Main and widow. and orphans had bad to Noe the world. All of that was because one, two or three men had imagined their honour was at stake. He instanced kin recollectiona of the Framo-Prussinn war which eras hacked up by the cunning of the great 13ierearck. The origin of that war, be mid, was oatebaibly a metier of honour, and such mattern aa them which men said could not ho settled except by war, were no.• to be nettled by arbitration. Trott was one of the greatest steps that bad ever been taken. They were entering upon a period when war would be absolutely eliminated from the affairs of man. Mr. J. D. B. Smith supported the resolution, end on the motion being put to the meeting the Chairman reported it to have bee, carried umnimously.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

THE LATE MR. WALTER TIMMINS (RUNCORN.) The funeral of the late Mr. Walter Timmins. senior member of the well-known firm of Milan Ebenezer Timmins and Sony, ironfoundere, of Runcorn, took place at Runcorn Cemetery on klorday, and was pre- ceded by a eervice at Runcorn Parish Church, at which place of worship the deceased WAS a sideman for many years. The respect and esteem in which Mr Timmins was held was manifested by the length of the cortege ml by the fact that men, business establishments were closed, and there was a general observance of mourning. The service at tins church and at the graveside was cooducted I y the Von. Archdeacon Wood (vicar of , Runcorn), and the Revs 13 S Oliver, F S Thetford, and H A Thomts. The chief mourners were Meant Reginald. Eheueser, and Thomae 13 Timmins (sons), Thome. D., Charles A., Arthur, Jesse, and Francis W Timmins (brother.). Fumy T lllinartt (son-In-law), Lancelot and Cherie. Timmins (nephews), Jo.ePb Timmina, H Wright, and S Wood (cousins), C E ',inst.', jun., J Roberts, CI Moore, E S Len, sod Dr Carruthers.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN COL7Nr3L.

At the monthly meeting of the Runcorn Urban Council on Wednesday evening. the Secretary reported that he bad written to the _as G. Company, in accordance sith instructions, asking the company to reduce the price of gas to the Council, ncdctaiming that the charge of £2 se. pet lamp wen too high. A reply wis read from the One Company stating that they had already made e handeorne reduction in terms to the Council. It ens t.tur that the price to private consumers bad recently been reduced 21. per 1,000 feet, but the latter had had to bear no advance in price som• time ago, whereas no such advance WO been male to the Council. —Mr. bullion said that adjectives scandalous " had been need over this IllittßT, and crimes of a civil character laid at the doors of the Gas Company. That was no way to go about getting a reduction. The Gas Company contributed £6OO a year in the form of rote. end taxes to the town, and were entitled to reapectfol treatment, which they did not sissy. get. Ile thonght the criticism directed at the company wasnot altogether based on regard for the ratepayers. Gentlemen came to the meeting with a desire to splash." Figurate , which had been laid before the Council proved that ' ignorance was the case of the whole trouble.—The matter was refarred to a committee with a view to getting an amicable settlement. The Council voted 11200 out of the rates for the Coronation celebration..

===== 0002601_19110506_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

ST. JOHN'S CHURCH.

There wers candidates of ill ages, from fourteen year. to fifty-one, at a oonfirmation ' held on Thursday night at St. John's Parish Church, Earle.. town. They numbered eighty-three, nod were confirmed by Bishop Ch . One of the candidates was fifty-one years, another forty-ore, and several twenties and over. The Revs. T. R.. Matthew. and Dr. Davison, took part in the service ; and the Bishop also dedicated a handsome new Bible, given by Mrs. A. flows of Earlestown.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW INDUSTRY.

Plans are before the Newton District Council for the erection of lifty-sis new bons. at Newton-le-Willows. These reeidences ere teing built for workpeople who will come from Bradford, and they will be employed in bleaching, calico printing, and dyeing. For the year past the old paper mills at Newton been teen in course of reconstroction, and will be need by Men... F. and E. Caulfield, of Bradford, as the factor,. Some 9.50 persons, it is onderstood, will Bud employmeot, the work being chit Ii y done by men. NEWTON DIVISION CONSERVATISM. LORD NEW I'ON AND LIBERAL JUSTICES.

Lord Newton presided over the annual meeting 01 the Newton Division Conservative Association at Newton on Saturday. Mr. Mawdeley, in presenting the annual report, mid that arrengennents had been made for enlarging the Con PPPPP tire Club at Newton and for starting new one. at Billing. and Croft, and juvenile clubs at lisydock, Earlestown and Golhorne. Mr. Arthur Smith was re-elected as chairman in the pleas of Mr. C. li. F. Burma, who wee elected rice- chairman. Lord Newton in the course of an address, said he wished to call attention to two matters which seemed to be typical of the tyrannical:and despotic nature of the Government. The question of the administration of justice seemed likely to lead to very unpleasant results al regarded the present Lord Chancellor. The Chancellor had been a stroog party man nil his life, but that fact was no inducement to him judo the kind of dirty work which had beef, urged upon hint by the extreme members of the Radical party. What caused Radical indignation wan that the Lord Chancellor. in ! selecting county rnegist rates, investigated he qualifies- Lions of these men apart troot their political vise...! This action, which appeared to be only consistent wit's ! C0M113001001111.. aroused a perfect storm of indignation on the part of Radical sod Labour members t.f Parlia- ment, end he really could not have created greater indignat ion if he bad bestowed inournerable judaships ! and offices of profit on his own impecunious and incompetent relatives. The Radicals wanted Radicelj justice, and said they would plane somebody else in ! office from whom they would get what they wanted. The Prime Minister was going to make a statement ! upon this question neat week, sod he (the speeter) should be very sorry to feel that he was dependent on that decision, beamoe he felt lurkinc suspicion that Aequith would perhaps go to Mr. Seir Hardie, or e!.!on Mr. Redmond, and ask wl at thee thooght he ought to do under the cirrtuoatencee (laughter). It would not surprise him (Lord Newton) if the unfortu- nate result was that the present I.rd Chancellor, who was shout the hest man in the Goverome-nt, were got rid of and amore pliant personage put in his niece. Lord Wolmer, M.P., said he had been deniving coo. siderable amusement from ri ading the speeches of some of their opponent., who emared to be irritated

beyond endmance hy the fact that the Mein irrr for the Newton division was no longer silent in the House of Common., however talkative he might have been in the country, sod that, st any rate, be had here doing hie best to take stivantage of the few opportunities left to • privste member to voice the feelings of hi. oonstituents. (Hear, beer) The charge that the questions he bed put to Ministers in the House were not bin own Ina, he said, absolutely untrue. It was nothing more nor lees than a lie.

URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL. The monthly meeting wes held at the Town Hall, Earle:town, on Monday evening, when there were present —Mr W Coßingwood He the 040, and Messrs C 13 h' Burr., E .1 Evan., W (hallo, V Latham, E L Bent, W Davies, T Ritchie, J Sankey, and M Seaton.— A letter was read from the Town Clerk of Liverpool, stating that the Corporation were willing to receive into one city hospitals ones of smallpox from this distrixt, should any arise owing to the recent outbreak of smallpox in the county, subjext to the necessary accommodation being available, end on payment of Rye guineas per week per are—this amount not to cover the cost of conveying the patient. It was revolved that the terns. be accepted. A circular letter wee submitted from the Lancashire Urban Diatrict. Councils' Amociation, asking this Council to appoint representatives to attend the annual meeting and °optimises of members of that meociation, to be held at Fleetwood on the 15th and 16th June next. It was resolved that the Chairman of the Council and the Clerk be squested to attend on behalf of the Council. A circular letter was also submitted from the tlrben District Council's Association, staking thin Council to appoint representatives to attend the annual meeting and conference or the members of that sesocia- tion, to be held at the Guildhall, in the city of London on July 29th, 21m, ant 22nd next. It was decided that the Clvdrman of the Couocil and the Clerk be requested to attend. . . .

'I he minutes were approved, ono the motion of Mr CJllingtrood, seconded by Mr. Satan.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELEN s.

TWO NEW SCHOOLS.

The St. Helens P.docation Committee have decided to 'poly for leers to borrow £6,000 for the site of the A rthur street Council School, Mao to borrow £4,1100 to e rect and (moteh the infante departmout to be added to Tbatto Heath Council School. KILLED IN THE MINE.

John Pecans (14),a Russian Pole, residins in Johnson- street. St. klelens, a drawer at the Adam's Green Collieries, met %la • thocking death on Mouthy morning. Ile was working in one of the haulage rondo in the mine, and as six full boxes went peat him up the incline three of item broke loose and ran back on to decetmed, killing hint almoet inetentaneously.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
St7,:DAY PICTURE SHOWS:

The question of prohibiting cinematograph enter- tainments on Sundays at the local places of amusement hae been considered by the St. Helena Watch Committee, and the licenses of the Theatre and Hippodrome have been renewed on condition that no pictures be exhibited on Sunday and other like daya, unless they be 0f,,. elevating and educational chsracter, tad that the build. log be only own beteeen 8.15 p.m. and 10 p.ra.

'FRANIWAYS "REARKAN6ENIENT.

Some wefts •go the St. Helena Corporation sug- gested • complete rearrangement of the tramway ter- ries Weide the town but the Tremors). Company have informed the Parliamentary Committee that it sonld entail on them an additional coat of more Wen £514 • pier, and they cannot, therefore, •dopt the suggestion.. The Parliamentary Committee bavechanged the system of licensing care, and licence, have been Issued for epecillc can which are numbered, sod turret pond.ce has paned with the company as to the Corporation being alfordcd Swindles for inspecting tbe can.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

Throughout the whole of the performance at the Peace and Hippodrome thin week one in bound to thoroughly enjoy oneself, for each item not only tworn the murk of originality but it is presented in an admirable manner. A fine sketch entitled " The Adder's Tooth " is submitted by Mr. Louis Taylor's West-end company. The characters are taken by • Messrs. Herbe, t Pearson and F. D. Bromwich and Misses Katheiine Clerks and Ails& Lorne. The main scene is laid in a newepaper office and the story, which is dramatically portrayed, is that of the awful ravages of drink. As a ventriloquist we have not heard the likes of Lieutenant Travis for a long time. He introduces some wonder- ful humour into his tarn and the control he possesses over hisseveral "voices" compels one to designate it as remarkable. "The Scottish Meisters," presented by Mr. A. U. Mmkinnon's company,provides capital entertainment, their singing being of a high order and their humorous dancing super). They are also at home on various instruments. Bi-flo-Bi, who is described as the '• Sousa of the Bells," certainly bacon enviable control over hie Matt unient and he produces FOlllO pleasing music, but for our part the *• Sousa" part in a little too far-fetched. As a . e imedierme May Poulton contributes some capitally rendered soup. which meet with the approval of all sections of the 'muse, and Smith and Gilder give a fine exhibitio t of acrobatic feats. This week the pictures are particularly good, and so is the music supplied by the orchestra wider the able leadership of Mr. E.A. W iddop.

Cheshire Read liapreremeots. The Road beard, with the approval of the Treasury, have made further advances amounting to £43,033 from the Road Improvonent Fund to County Councils and other highway authorities. The following local grante are included in this sec .nd iist : —Elalton- Runcorn Road.—lmprovement of corner at junction of Halt n-road and Heath-rood, near Delph Bridge, in Runcorn Urban District. Roncorn.—Widening of Akers lIMP. I.atchford, from it. junction with Runcorn- Altrincharn road to Oakbank, to Rune°. Rural District.

URIFY YOUR ILOO OLD DR. JAZWISTIIWNSIIND'S oelebrated SARSAPARILLA. Never (ails to cure Beacons. Boils. Pimples, and all Skto Eruptioas. Onrrl rear a' record. Hundreds of Test imosuals 2s. 6.1.. all Chemises. or Post fret (ram— DEAN. ST V. FL .ft CO_ OTT INGHAM.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
CANAD

A

WANTS MEN TO TILL THE SOIL

Farming in Canada

100% Annual Profit.

Get a piece of the earth—in the Empire—under the Flag. Canada's land is freehold land. Two years' rent of a British Farm will purchase improved land of equal area in Canada—Britain's nearest overseas dominion. 160 acres Government land free for farming. Work foe all farm labourers and domestic servants guaranteed.

Po r free maps, pamphlets and full particulars, apply to Mr. A. P. JURY, Canadian Government Agent, Old Castle Buildings, Preesons Row, Liverpool ; or to Mr. J. °BED SMITH, Assist- ant Superintendent of Canadian Emigration, 1i and 12, Charing Crow, London, S.W.

CLAIRVOYA.NTZ, Certificated. 0.7 Ned Ebro., re, demo. 1/..—ltenne ere MO '.1.11. Larne Plea, Oterock.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
on a Mutual and Contributory Basis, ANY ONE, ANY AGE may join - Send three halfpenny stamps so CONTI...ME. N.0.A.P.T., to CITE• 11111,

EN D mow for our lending line CI of Bevelled (Haas Mirrors iu solid carved onk (ram( % x2l in., ell oolourN. Oompulsore Genuine Bargain% prioe 106. in. eluding inkeking and cat ring.. Eeet.tl Orders creased Lloyd's

I. MORRIS Ulled Lion St.i Holborn. Ined oty Monwa;•:;n;; (,;/.,.:(..p.l:zo

FREE tmo..N.A,T,iO,4OOcheSOURY: Pins, Medals, ac. limply I, Beantilnlly-GLima4 Photo Portearda. Send your Name and Add..., wzth 64. P.O. When soil send remaining 64. n.ot w. 1,11 FRILI Handsome Prk..nt. Send To.dAy.

DIRECT DESIDNINO COMPANY. 13 Fenn St., AlderAittott St.. London, E.C.

AUSTINS' ANTI-RHEUMATIC PILLS Than PILLS n. only CURE, bet PREVIENT s'terk. of RHEUMATISM and RHEUMATIC WITT th ...toady abject to thee- .listrea:ng GOO, 11,11., and a they. contain neub.. Mercury, Col. Pi.oll, nor lain, in soy form, nay be alma with µrtent enfety by the mat delionte..

r RRRRRR D ONLY BY AUSTIN. LIMITED, DM- 202 Borro.ondoey Strr,-, London, /LEL

Lod sold lo box.. at It. rah ; or to boxes egad to Limo of Ur b.L.o at St.ed.otolt. dot) ladodod. Pat jive ea romplphl Pedal Orin f • 1,.-'".

THC NEW Ili_prElifH Itl!t41115011:.. THERAPt pular remedy... 4 incontinenml Hospi.lsby Icornmmajobert.Velo• eau & others. surpasses everything hitherto employed toe impurity of 1,1 m spots,blotr hes,pain & serellmgofjoints, kidney, bladder & unnaryaltseavo, stricture, die hark, piles. gravel, paiosin back, gout,rheuma tom ,exhaushon, sleeplessness, &r. Thrns• forms. Nos. 1, a. 3. arrordosg to dokeays. Price 1/9 (particularsld.stamp) post free in Great Britain from 1-he l.Clr.rc ed in,ne Co. Haves. 7tockitoadaimat.334.Laolia3.3,363.c.9.lChaai.l.

.110 W I, IT THAT CLupcE BLOOD MIXTURC has obtained such a great populerity ?" is a question which bas perplexed .any. lb. *neweris. that it I.unques- tiousbly the finest Blood Purifier that release., and medical skill has brought to light. Thoimands r,f wonderful cures Im•e been effected by it. For Scrofula Scurvy, Femme, Skis and Blood Mamie., Bad Legs Pimples, and Sores of all binds, and effect. are marvellou. Said where at 2s. 91. per bottb. Bess!. of wort hies. i.sltation. nod subs t I to te....% cl, t.

CLARKS 13 41 PILLS aro ienrranted to core in either am, all acquired or conetitutionel doeharies, from th• Urinary Orin., ()ravel and . Vains tho loch. Free from Mercury. Entabliebed =r!.tean.fd4F"alent Merirlincinb*e'l7enroM64thre.oultouott tabial world, or cent for airty *Lampe by the maker. The Lincoln andllidland Countim brui Co., Lincoln.-Advt -

"ADVICII 70 MOTH!."—A,, you brokers in your est by • sick obild mattering siih the pain of cutting sloth ? Goat once to a chemist, aod get a bottle of 'res. Wessuiw's SOOT/IMO Sifter. it produces ...RI. Wile •I*.P by relre•;os tbe cbild from pain, sed tro little cherub •nakee " brigtit as • button." 70mtair• so Poisonatm Ingredient. Of all Chemists. • I'd. per bottle.—Ad,.

. ./7/

===== 0002601_19110506_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
PENSIONS AT 60

===== 0002601_19110506_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Peace

Proposal

- lu flitr tom, of my Co-Feshyters, I wrote about a week ago to Ilia Worship the Mayor, asking if it were poesible for him to cot.vene a meeting if citizens in order that Warrington might be afforded an opportunity of expressing itself upon this vital question, and have received e teply lr,,m which I gather that His Worship would be only too pleased to do Kt, did the number of requisitions but Motif,' his taking the step. I do not think. Sir, that the disciples of the , "Pioneer of Peace "in IVarrington ate indifferent to the question of goodwill among the nations, nor yet ' averse to any practicable measures which would insure Peace and the gradual reduction of armaments, but are only uniting until co-operation shall give them an opportunity of expre,ing themselves. Who will undertake the lead, that the opportunity he not lost Mill the Reverend the Rector as head tithe Established Church in Warrington ?—Yours truly, WILLIAM REID

St. Church, April 29th, lUll

. / • 1 '* I,tters - 11‘. to the . 1 _ EDITOR. 1 ------774:10-,

===== 0002601_19110506_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Crostield and " !bailiff."

Sir,--I notice that your representative attended last Saturday the opening of the new Pavilion for the Warrington Works Bowling Association, when Mr. Harold Smith, M.P., Captain Crchlield and my-elf addressed a jest rrmarks to the members of that associatiun who were present. In the course t I my own I quoted a jocular remark made to me on the Continent the other lay by a distinguished Wari ing- tonian, whom I had the Vessure of meeting there. I quoted this remark—apropos of the performance last wr ek in Wei ringion of " Macbeth

the same jocular spirit in which it was made, but I should not like that to mislead anyone who heard, or who might chance to read t,and think it showed some lack of appreciation of Mr. Smith's fine acting. On the contrary, I was one of those who were privileged to Eee the erformsnce, and to j in with others in whole-hearted admiration of the conspicuous talent and ability with which he playtd his important tart. Along with other actors, wile gave no such a treat, I think he is greatly to be congratulated, and my only regret was that a public engagement of many weeks' startling prevented me reaching the theatre soon enough to see the whole play.—Yonts A. II CMOSI,IIII.II. 39, Park Gate, S.W., lilt May, 1911.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Snowden, M.P , and Parliamentary

Conscience.

Sir,—Having mad Mr. P Snowden's article in your issue of last Saturday, on the qmstion of policy, will you allow me to state that so long as many members of Parliament vote against their convictims, the country will often he injured by those who govern it. It means " I i ght for ever on the scaffold and wrong for ever on the throre." If members of Parliament were to go to the House of Commons for selfish pur- poses, and to disregard the welfare of the country, then they might he actiog consistently in voting against their convictions. But if their only object is to promote the welfare of the country. I cannot see how men can reasonably v, to against what they believe would be beneficial, and for what they believe would be injutioua If tneuibers of Parliament were to vote with the Government for what they believe to be injurious,and tithe Government in return were to pass measures which in reality they did not approve, what would become of poor old England ? Would it not be a case of "weep I.r Albion weep" If a Government that (lid not believe in Home Rule were to pase a llotne Rule Bill in-order to obtain the Irish vote ; if a Government that did not believe in members of Parliament being raid by the State, or in reversing the Oaliorne judgment, were to pars a Bill for the payment of members awl also to river-to the Osborne Judgment, in older to obtain the labour vote, what a deplorable condition of things there would be. Of coarse it is different when the Government's only object is the nation's welfare, but the methods I have mentioned ought never to be adopted by any government or party or men. Though I think Mr. Snowden very worthy of respect, I think he is mistaken in the view which he takes of this subject. Political honesty is a duty which public men owe to God and mankind for it is only by truthfulness and justice that the world can be improved, and these ought never to lie violated for any government or party or cause. Without being very good, if we are not very bad, we ought not to be indifferent to the welfare of humanity or to disregard cur dim anticipations of a better tirne.—Yours, S. KENYON. Ribbleton, Ility I.lro, 1911.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Smith, M.P., and Horse Flesh in Germany.

Sir,—Your Editorial foiitil to to my letter in your last week's issue is a very miserable justification of your statement that Mr. Ilarold Smith's cross- examination elicited the disconcerting infl rotation that a slaughtered horse was consigned to riermany for the purposes of making (lemon sausagia, and entirely justifies my ccrrection of your ct mtnent of the previous week, proving die pith of your paragraph to be untrue. Moreover, is vigour is remarkable in view of its accusation against me of doing what you now.stand self-condemned of committing. . • .

Thers is nothing in my letter to convey, as you say, the idea that you had imagined the whole incident. On the contrary, is the Editor of a Liberal paper in the,e days so little acquainted with the word inexactitudes "an rot to appreciate its meaning? It might only be necessary to add that when estimating other persons " value of the suppres.do veri in stating a case " you should add " et to Brute," were it not that I must add, that it is a pity that your borrowed shorthand note, even if it were strictly accurate, does not disclose sufficient of the examina- tion to show that there was not even an intenti,n to! tend either a live or a dead horse to Germany for sausages, and, in fact, the whole converaation savoured of a joke, as shewn by your own quotation that the witness " did not take this teriously." The electors of Warrington will no doubt in the future be cat.tious of Editorial " home truths " and political argon:rents which, in one case at least, have proved to 1-e founded on a remark which in the first instance was publicly stated to he not taken seriously.— Yours etc,

===== 0002601_19110506_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
I G TAILOR

274, Maneheater-road, Warrington, May 3rd, 1911. [We wonder why Tariff Reformers are so lacking in a sense of humour. Mr. Taylor belabours us unmerci- fully for our " very miserable juatification," betrays considerable exasperation, and then the end of his letter reveals the fact that he has just discovered the germs of • joke in the matter. The remark was' to be not taken seriously." flow unfortunate, that Mr. Taylor, who was present in (*mut, did not turn to the Press and say "1 his is a joke, and must not be taken seriously." We had our OWLI bit of fun out of the incident at the time but,. in the case of th• boy and the fly, what was foe to us was tragedy for the Tariff Reformer. To alive any further lacetation of the feelings of Mr. Taylor nod his friends, and as newspaper spare is valuable, we will close the correspondence.—Eti.' Ex."!

===== 0002601_19110506_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
The Council and the Suffrage.

Sir, I was to adir.g the ther day the. foilowing extract from a book entitled "The Minister s Wooing' published in 15:,9 " When once the spirit of enterprise bar fairly possessed a group of women it assumes the form of • prophetic fury, and carries them beyond them- selves. Let no ignorant mortal, of the masculine gender, at such hours rashly dare to question the promptinge of the genius which inspire them." Although this paragraph has reference to • mania for spring cleaning I am not sure that it doe. not apply to the Suffrage question as well, judging from experienee. Miss Waring apparently is quite beyond herself, like other suffragist•. because a man dares to think Warrington (in tills instance) worthy of his " inter- ference." I we under the impression that the question of Woman Suffrage was a national, not a hied one. Still, the consistency of Suffregista is exemplified in the first reply to my letter in the supercilious toneadopted. And again, we may observe, bow consistent is woman's inconsistenc•. For rushing in where Angels fee to tread I am scolded by Miss Waring, but in the next breath, no to speak. I am invited to come over and hare a chat at W•rrirgton. ‘lt ell. I

don't mind if I do, and further communications to this end can be made through the Editoi ial chancel. With regard to the action of the Warrington Council in passings resolution favourable to Women'a Suffiage, lam very glad to read in the paragraph numbered (1) in Miss Waring's lever " that it is not usual for the Town Council to pass resolutions dealing with political affairs .... it wasgaite outi,ide ordinary bubiness." As Miss Waring further stares "it was a favour" to do 90, I respectfully emphasize that the Warrington Town Council have no right or mandamus to give favours to any Society, especially political. And Salford bar confirmed this view by defeating by : a considerable majority last Wednesday a similar resolution supporting the Conciliation Bill. It is I abaolutely wrong in principle for any Town Council I to discoas and pas a resolution. Tariff Ileform or the Eight flours Bill have just as strong a claim to be discussed in the Cr used Chamber. Since iny ;nit letter the Peferendum among women who possess the municipal franchise has Leen brought op to date with the rrsult that the following atrilting figurer are bring rapidly augmented I y further t c.invasses:—

Women rounicigal electors to whom icquiriea have been addressed In favour of Parliamentary vote 14,000 Against the vote 35,879 No repliss from What an insult to her sex for Miss Waring to say that no many of her sex are discredned. Even supposing there were a hundred or two votes to which , Miss Waring and her friends could on some mysterious ground object, there is a sufficiently soli- ntantial breeae left to show which way the ivitid blown, and that it Warrington have no silent women they must reside eliewhere. Finally, Mists Waring in special type says I do not mention a disttict in which the canvass was carried on. Let an take the N.W. division of Manchester represented in the Hoes, of Commons by Sir George Kemp, sponsor of the Conciliation Bill. The figures are as follows against the vate being granted and 198 in favour; 930 did not reply.—Youts, e:c., JOHN W. U. rEAUMONT. Manchester, May 5, 1911.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Living Statuary Exhibitions.

Sir, - It has been left to your correspondent, George Smith, to dere, if an exhibition which already has suffered sufficiently bona criticism to exclude it from many if the larger towns whose governing clayses liave the greater welfare of the community at heart. His contribution illustrated sufficiently the tt pe of mind satiated with the thirst for dividends, incapaci• iated there,,y from taking a higher standard in all that makes for the welfare of the community ass whole, and he has :Aided nothing to the comrorersy, nor displaced a single ti n& II is trilling with the matter to suggest that every art gallery in the land be closs4 because of sculptured marble or modelled clay represeic jig the nude. If your corespondent given one moment's consideration to question be would never have penned 'without gazing upon the real." The nude in art is an educati,g in itself. The eye nmst be taught to see. and bow many ' never have seen and never will see nature ! To suggest that La Milo or shows Ilf this kind immediately send the youth of our cities rushing to Art Galleries to make comparisons because of their love of art or beauty—to foster the artistic conception —is too funny, if this question had not its grave side Yours etc ,

===== 0002601_19110506_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
VIXI.

The Rev. A. I. Mitchell and the

Trade.

Sir,—l see by your valued issue of to-day's date that at the meeting of the Warrinaton Guardians, the Rev. A. M. Mitchell opposed the election of another gentleman to office becau-e lie derives some p rtion of his income from the to ore the rev. gentleman's vrords, drink traffic." I have not the pleasure of knowing the gentleman objected to. but I gather that in the eyes of the objector, he is well fitted, personally, for the office to which his fellow members have elected him and that his only, presumed, disqualification is his business, or part of his business. This being so may I ask you to allow toe a small portion of your space for a protest against an attack no lacking in toleration? Because a gentleman is connected with the sale of drink is he any less able and willing to work for the good government of hill town, or is he less endowed with clpacity to fairly administer the law of the land than an. ther trio obtains his dads bread by carrying our the duties of a clerg3 Stan? Surely no fair minded man can believe so firs moment. Yet this is what the Rev. A. M. Mitchell would seem to suggest in his spi7ch. . . .

From anwher column of your iesue I gather that the idea underlying the objection is that this gentle- man might lend a friendly ear,on the Assessment Com- mittee, t•i applications from brewere and publicans for reduced asseastnents ass result of the" People's Budget,' whilst another might refuse such reductions. If this is so, then it may be said with truth that the law, which has decided that such reductions moat be made, would be loss likely tl be fairly administered by a member of the views of the Rev. A. M. Mitchell ; with the result that the ratepayers would not ouly have to bear the additional burdens placed upon them, by a budget nlnth was being advertised as being for their special benefit, but the cost of expensive litigation as well. The members of the Board may, therefore, be congratulated upon an election which, in the long run, will be for the greater advantage of the public as a whole.-. Yours, etc., 29th April, 1911.

A. HAND.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MINISTERS CLAIM

Assize Action Settled

An action to recover money lent war brought before Mr. Juetice Banker and • special jury at kl•nchester Aeriser, yesterday, by the Rev. Joseph Howard, of Sankey Hall, hßarrington. against William Boles, hawker, of Latchford. Mr. Taylor, N.C., and Dr. Atkinson appear. d for the plaintiff, and Mr. Acton for the .defendant.

Mr. Taylor, in explaining the case to the jury, sMd that .CII2, the sum claimed, bad less lent at various times in 1909 by the plaintiff to the defendant to enable , him to start furnishing removal businer in Birming• ham at premises belonging to the former, and upon which he spent a considerable sum in alterations for the purpose. No stipulation was made at the time alto rent or interest, the undemanding being that the question should be left over foragastiver months in order to see how the business went on and that they thee should comatose agreement with regard to it. The defendant was not at Birmingham more than two or three months when, bis wife tiring of her life there, he gave the business up and retnrned to Warrington. In the following January the plaintiff asked the defendant what hew.. going to do towards repaying the borrowed money. and the defendant at first asked for time. This was given him, Init in May he del ined to pay, alleging that the plaintiff bed bought a picture from him which had turned out to be valuable, and that Mr. Howard should be content with that.

-- The defence was a denial that the money was lent at all, and that if it was, it was on terms of mutual partnership. This the plaintiff denied. After evidence by the plaintiff to this effect the panics Came to terms, and a verdict wae given by con. aunt for the plaintiff for £lOO, with stay of execution for sir months.

In accordance with the terms of the agreement Mr. Acton unreservedly withdrew all allegation of partner- ship beta een the plaintiff and defendant, and admitted that the latter had been entirely under a misapprehen- sion on tlie point. Ile also withdrew the allegations as to the picture ant as to any remuneration being due to the defendant as manager of the Birmingham business.

Judgment waa given in accordance with the verdict.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL

WORKS' AND SCHOOLBOYS COMPETITION. There have been some exciting games played this week in both the Works and Schoolboys' Competi- tions. The two semifinals of the former competition here been played. P. nod K. No. 1 triumphing over Whitecross No. I by ti points to 3.

A URNI.AIItIA HIS ;KNIFF IN (I. A remarkable state of affairs was produced in the aemi-flnal between Fletcher's So. 1 and Richmond's (Cirappenhall) elm played two drawn games. and as • re .31: the Committee instructed them to again enter WA A umbel on Thursday night, but • I iLtls unpleasant- OM took place and Fletcher's refused to pat in an appeemnce, ichmond's claiming the tin. Consequently the final will take place to-day (Saturday) at 330 between P. & E. end Richmond's, and some exciting momenie are usticipared.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIL 'SCHOOLI3III,. PLUCK,

The ',Avg. he. I.launil to • similar position by their •trwunots • fl,• ta S J•niee c-no df.. Arple,-strent V. 0040.. f or• .0 ••••• way". - , Belmont tin C r Itire el i t. • d match will se i • . I•.). • I the final f l.• n

===== 0002601_19110506_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
CROWNING THE MAY QUEEN. BAND OF HOPE UNION FESTIVAL AT THE PARR HALL

There is no prettier spectacle at the Parr Hall in the course of the year than the f. stival with which the Band of Hole Union is wont to celebrate the incoming of the " merrie month "of May. Although of late veers the peop'e of Warrington have lwcome well 'accustomed to the picturesque pomp and cerrmony of crowning the May Queen, this annual glimpse of regal apt. ndour and old-world revels poseesses a delightful frntliness of chasm in a prosaic age and never fads to attract large and admiring audiences. The duds n gl. ry in tEe opportunity of figni leg in unfamiliar roles and enter whole-heart- illy Ulm the spirit of to occasion,while the workers find ample compeneation for no infinitude of painstaking pre; arm nin the pf asure which the festival affords to young and old alike. the scene at the Parr Hall on Wednesday and Thursday ever logs was full of colour and stimuli, n, the fancy costumes of the 3:io children ho compi, d the plaificin harmonising with strik- inOy hsnauiful effect. Deepite ac length of the • programme there was so sign of weariness on the part fan appreciative audience and, Lad it not been for the official intimation that enema s would not lie et spnntled to, • repetition of Lumerotis ravel items would have heen in,isted upon. Not • single hitch or untoward incident happened fc.nr treginning to end. the entire performance tieing est rit d through with a smoothness and pre, hnon which did eteda to all concerned.

A fanfare on the trumpet by Mr. E. Penton was a fittirg rptning • I the festival and nr xi & youthful herald (Itcpgie Grounds, came forward and n ado proclamation. Up to this time the Oath rm hut been empty, but in a few minutes there was a crniplete transferms tit n. To the martial attains of the organ a long prrcrstion of charactera, famili.r in notary rhymes and history as well as in tie present-day tm of various nations, passed round the halt Slid VII lit ually took p sew union of the platform gallery. There was all the varimy of hue of a kalr idtarope aml the beauty of the et”tetnble tea. heightened hy the lime- light t &eta. Last of all came the retiring queen (Hilsla Spruce) and I er attent'ard• who etcorted her to the throne between lines of courCeis with diasu swords. As " her Elajesty " took her place many varie-colourrd electric lights flatbed into

A PRETTY SPL;

provided the most delightful episode of the evening. The in,formers hod been trained by Miss Spinks and each group presented a distinct and characteristic dance with fascinating grace and freedom of move- ment. The entertainment closed with the chorus " A song of Orthography" in which some of the peculiarities of our mother tongue were ingeniously inter.woten.

_ In all respems the festival Iron one upon which the promoters are entitled to congratulate themselves. An immense amount of work must have devolved upon the conductor, Mr. A. Spruce who, how. ver, is. thorough enthusiast and had vuoceeded in loink.ingl the children to a remarkable state of proficiency. Mr. A.. IV. Clatworthy had not an enviable task in perstmding the Parr Hall organ to give hods music, but be bought taste and skill to lyear in its manipula- tion and pave invaluable help to the chums. The duties of pianoforte accompanisa were capab/y short! by the Misses Ni. sten, Spruce and Oakley.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCIT.I.oR ROBERTS AND TBE TEMPERANCE MOV EM ENT.

At the opening the Inst..' there were present on the platform Councillor fa Roberts (who presided), and Mrs. It.bera, Rev W Cooper, Messrs J Upson, Inane, J Parch e, R Pierce Williams, and F ilandy. Cooncilln.r in the course of a brief address, said his entire sympathy went not to the Rand of Hope Movement. He was an old Band of Hope lad, and lie had lived long nomegh to know the value of the principh nil to•al abstiner on. Ile ato d IX- fore them as a vrtenan, he thougl.t Ito could say, in regard to the practice of total al atineore. (Applause.) For various reasons in had not been poseible for him to take us •I'liVe apart in temp,eratee work of late years in a direction such as they scene irgsged in that night. hut he ti ought he had done his share in other ways to te lin to stem the tide of drunkenness and all that accompanied it in. his notice town. As they wing that manificeni hymn •' Vu hen silt Thou sere the people? "—a lit Inn that was prompted in the poet's mind by the s'rees if circumstances when Englan d was eutTering to the heart the bitterness • I etarvati n amongst the great n are Of tar people—he c trid not help thinking ii the battle which the people

• a 174 . .- , . 10k ' *4. ". • •••.' 41;....41 '. , 441.0 •i I •3 i -s % ' -- - -• ...... . , . , . ..-) ,', • . , I . r ~. .. .• ' .I" •i- ' I t , .. . it • ' • ~ • . ,tti 1.. ~ i :.,16.1."' st - . 4 , '• it ,t,.-- r ~ _ .. , . .. . 'IL , t' k ...tc• . -... ~ ..

===== 0002601_19110506_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
Itt/totn, Tong*. TUE QUEEN centre!, THE RETIRING QUEEN, MAIDS OF HONOUR AND ATTENDANTS.

brilliance, giving a pretty finishing teach to the pcture. Then the audience and children joined in hearty singing of the hymn " When wilt Thou save the people ?" after whirb the Rev. W. Cooper ffered prayer. A short but well-chosen speech by the Chairman (Councillor H. Roberta) emphasised the more serious purpose of the festival in propagating the principles of total abstinence. A rousing chorus " lire! Fire ! Fire !" admirably given by tire children,prefaced the important ceremony of ohm sing and crowning the May Quern. A troupe of girls aid boys, tripped in singing merrily and engaged in noel strata on the vill.rge green. The Fairy Queen (Amy Littlewood; appeared to supetintend the selection of Queen, and at a signal from Robin Hood (Arthur Stet key; a hand of fairies, with ailvery wands, danced in and sang a charming little chorus " The Fairies' Welcome." It was so_n made clear that all were united on one point that the new Queen, like her predecessor., mu,t I, a teetotaller and th,m the assembly heard the respective claims to the throne, delivered with admirable distinctness and foice,of Strength (Amy Lowe). Faith. (Maud Kirk- land), Hope, (Edith Ball), Charity, (Elsio Baker), Pont!. (M J. Ilibbert', and Temperance (Amy Spencer). As might have been ex' ected, the choice fell upon Temperance who retiri d, accompanied by her maids of honour, re-entering in stately procession during the singing of the chorus" Queen of fresh flovrera." Passing beneath garlands of flowers, the new %leen ascended the platform end the floral moan having been placed upon her head, she was invested with, the garland and scep•re. The retiring Queen was crowned w.th forget-me-nota and Mrs. Hy. Roberts presented her with a lovely bouquet. Mr. F. Gandy banded to the new Qu en a ' handsome god brooch, the gift of Mr. F. H. Smith, of Colwyn flay. " Her Majesty " having returned thanks to loyal subjects and prorni,ed "to nerve as well as reign " there was a pleasing sticee,sioe if i ornery rhymes in Fong and recitation. George Tanner and Flort ie Watson, carrying the traditional pa:l, sweetly song "Jack and Jill,' and Ada Hamer, who looked a quaint little figure as she leaned onus alking r.tiok.gaye the familiar story of "Ohl Mother Hubbard." Jeanie Warbrick, as shepherdess with crook, recited " Little 80-peep" ; Arthur Hamblen, who lurked like en aviator or chauffeur, sang with great confidence " The man in the moon " ; Perry Bowers, picturesquely costumed in old English court style, was beard to special advantage in '' ()Id King Cole- ; Ethel Oakley daintily sang " Little Miss Mu)fett " and Arthur A. Nurse infused a great deal of humour into his interpretation of "Little Jack Horner." A chortle To the Woodland Fresh and Fair" was followed by an item which in Millen pensable at a May festival- die Maypole darce. A group of lady and lassies, whose tasteful costumes became them well, executed the obbfashioned mealtime to the strains of poprulite melodies. They had been well trained by Mrs. Whitmore and fully merited the warm apple... shit II greeted their efforts. A contingent of girls. trained by Mrs. Davenport, gave an unu,ually interesting flag drill with grace and smartness. th.eir pleasing evolutions closing with • simple but attractive tableau. The boye had a chalice of distinguishing themselves in a lar•bell drill which was splendidly done Flul evidenced careful training by Mr. Plihston. S. Pemberton'. lo " John Bull's pong " was notable for some heal topical references which found a ready endorsement from the audience. For instance we were told that " Parr Hall organ's & great disgrace "—and as if to give point to the or m- plaint the instrument was in a worse condition than usual on Wednesday—and, with the singer,everybody looked forward with hope to the day" When stair gent comes along with lots of tin and puts a brand new organ in." Fun was also poked at the bridge scheme which the vocalist declared had "been debated many years, till the tonsil are almost driven to tears" but there was the consolation of knowing that "they're making a move in it now, it appears." Another verse contained a ttibute to the work of the President of the Union -(Mrs. Dodd.) and, creditably sung as it was, the item rot t nr ith great accept- ance. The action song " Could we but rule," by senior girls (trained by Mrs. Davenport) who tried to look as aggreisaire as possible, was an amusing skit on the pretenaions of the more extreme advocates of '' women to rights." From the musical po'nt of vie,v, the feature of the programme which deserved tnoet praise was the select choir's intelligent and expressive rendering of the part song. " 0 sweetest hoar" (Eva Tanner being a capable soloist and " The railway journey." The voices blended well and the children showed snch a thorough appre- ciation of the meaning and spirit of the pieces as to speak volumes for the tuition they ha.l received at the hands of Mr. A. Spruce. Very mirth-provoking was the ,ction song " The Circa." by a band of boys h se " mo kr. un ' had a ludicrou• and nondescript appear..., :sp. cial menu n mast be made of the no i I n• not ilaeres deecripti•e of Wales, it o. •••l, • rla- d u ri F,,gland which uhquestionab'y

fought then and which Err tight to this country cheap bread and,drawing an analogy from it,looking forward lode time when the people should fight victoriously another battle and rid the 'resell-ea for ever from the tyranny of drink and of the evil which followed in its tam. He might safely assume that the majority of the parents present were total alastaineta, but to those who were not he would ray "It may not be necessary for your purpose. Drink may he no temptatir n to you but, without attempting to lecture parents on their dutiee, I would venture to appeal to any parent who has not yet joined our party to conic along with on, if not for the sake of other people's children, at any rate for the sake if your own." lie could not imagine any so. row so great or any litter- urea no deep as that of a parent whose child might happen of rtunately to go wrong with regard to this piestion and who might have to realize that the first example in the taking of intoxicating liquor was seen by his young child at his own table. Might God spare every parent present from a sorrow such es that. Councillor Roberts then pave some good advice to the children and assnred them from his long experience that a young man or woman who was true to teetotalism had the advantage in the, business of the world over one who was not!Applause.l' Before The clone of the festival Mr. Ilesos proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Councillor Roberts f r pre- siding and to all the workers wloharl engineered and °artierl to a eriecessful issue the magnificent spectacle of wlnch. they had been ohservel s Councillor Itrdterts, he said, deserved the thanks not only of that audience or if the temperer ce party, but of all these goad citizens who wete interested in the sobriety and general well-belng of the people ol this town. By his magnificent courage, eloquent advocacy. persistent propose and unflagging zeal he had prob- ably done more than any one man in the borough to promote the Let interests of temperance, and they ought to exprms as heartily as possible their gratitude to him for standing by the Hag when he had very little euNort, aid when there were very few indeed . to come to kin aid. They remembered how with &tintless cr.urage Le had frequently st:od almoet alone in that greet fight, and they hoped he would live to . see the triumph of many of those great reforms which lay so near to his heart. (Applaurer,. The vote was cordially paused and Councillor Itomas responded. THURSDAY'S PROCEt DINGS.

Mr A spruce ; organist, Mr A W Clatwortby ; piari all, Mines l'ilnaton, Spruce, and Oakley ; trainers of Coronation ceremony and kfaytd• revel, : %treacles F haw rod Whitmore, klerara Whitfield and C S Fellows ; platform manager and director of elocution Mr 0 Whitfield ; assist-out platform manager : Mr CS Fellows ; marshal of pro- cession : Mr C 15 Fellows ; Advartinement committee : Meese. CS Fellow., R P Willi•me, J Ilan.hlett nod Richardson; hot secretary, Mr F Gandy ; hon esststant recretaries : M II Woolley, CS Fnllona, and J Pardee ; Procession Commit tee : Masers Villitfield,J Ilamblett, .1 Richardson,T Itibby, T Dtineliin,J l'ard' sod CS Fellosie ; programme steward, Mr I' Ileward ; registrar, J Kordoe; chief steaard, Mr S Fernley.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
The hnll was Again well tilled on 1 hursdny evening and the entertainment met v. ith tuttmsiastlc apprecia- tion. _

Duoris (President of the who presided, said she did not intend to speak at any length, as her opi :ions on the tempers'scn queetlon were pretty well known. She eteemed it a greet honour to preside over • fine audience like that and it none great delight that in spite of numerous counter-ett motions, Co many people hod gathered to do honour to the children., (Applause.) That we. the children's night and it did °De's heart good to are them looking so well cad no bonny. But they were there for something more than to mijoy a splendid programme and that ries to wink God-speed ton ore of the greatest institutions in the world, because they realized that if the world wee to be what they thought it ought to te, they must train the children to be worthy citizen• nod they felt that the Bend of Hope was doing that es perhaps nothing else RAS doing it. They wished the children every happiness, tag life and prhsperity because they realized that io • short time they would be the new and women of Warrington. She felt sure they would grow ups, worthy citizens as result of the [mining they received in the various bends of hope repreeented at that festival. (Applause). During the evening Mrs. Simpson, on behalf of the British %Vornen's Temperance Association, presented a bouquet to the Queen, and Mrs. 1.), dds made • precent of • gold brooch to the retiring Queen. Mr.. Dodds distributed prize. e! hicb bad leen awarded to the following children for their auccess an ticket sellers Reginald I:rounds, Amy Spencer, [tilde Spruce, Elsie Whitfield, Era Tanner, Harry Bates, Annie lestelem, Ciotti. Jolley, Arthur Ilenildett, C Sankey, Emily Smith, Edith Williams. Sidney Barrett, Elsie Baker, J Warbrick, Winifred Foden, Ada Hamer, Rile Cunnington, Preecill. Cotterill, Eva Booth, Ude Plieston, Edith Ball, Edith Spruce, E Hill, Hilda Taylor, (;lady. Inc., Ernest Lea, Glwdy• Powell, 11 P Jose., Ethel liamblett, Jennie Wright, Dorothy Wilson, Ethel Rolling., Daisy White, Florence Dampens, Huth Davidson, Lily Sudlovz, Marrian Fellow., Minnie Titchett. Mrs. SINII,ON proposed a vote rf thanks to Mrs. Dodd. vibe, she said, was slewn trying to carry sun- shine into the lives of others. Sbe also sdded no expreaion of thank, to the workers and children, of whom she spoke very highly. Mrs. Doi,ne, in reply,mid she considered the fretivel wee one of the most beautiful enterteinments ever gives in Warrington. (Applause.

THE OFFICIALS. To all the officials, ithout distinction, unstinted is due for their uneellish labours for the success of the feetivel. Tbe following is • complete list : Committee : Messrs T Dale, It WilliarnsAl F Ingham,/ Richer on, J Tborniley, Watkins, A Spruce, T Bibby, J Pardo., S Powell. A Clatworthy. J Hamblott, P Howard, T Donabin, II Colley, :Mesdames Whitmore, D Hatoblett. Shaer, F Ingham, Da•enpoat, Misses 8111000, Phaeton, Spruce and Spencer ; con-

===== 0002601_19110506_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
A TERRITCRIAL CHANGE

11,cro;

===== 0002601_19110506_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. G. It. INGRAM,

Li e Sergeant-Ifajor of the 4th Battalion Prince of

Wslesfe Volunteers (South lones,hire Regiment)

There is no more popular figure in local Territorial circles than Mr. 0. H. Ingram, who has thin week retired from the rank ii sergeant major of the 4th Battalion Prince rf We're's \ clut.teers (S.ruth Lance- shite Regiment) with a view, it is tiuders.ood, to becoming quartermi,ster of the Battalion. Mr. Ingram has WO twenty-eight years military service, and doting his association with the local Territorials his

col ectenticus attentirn to duty and genial good 'humour have gained the high regard of officers end men alike. Ile joined tho Rifle Brigade in 1883 at Aldershot, transferring to the South Lanenshire Regi- meet in 18.90. Mr. Ingrain has hail coneiderable foieign service in India, Egypt and South Africa He went to the latter C deny twice—in 1885 and again in the Boer War, when he accompanied the :Ird South Lancashire Regiment. On returning he joined the permanent Mello( the local Volunteer battelion as mounted infantry instructor in 1002. Ile was eppointed eergeent•major in 1905 in euccesaion to Sergeant Major Rawlinson, who proceedel to Stock- port ; and he has devoted himself wholmbeartedly to the interests of the battalion, being prominent in evety scheme to increase We strength and efficiency. A striking tribute to his stork was paid by a special military correepondeut of "'the Timee," who visited the Volunteer camp at Llanbeiis in August, Vet:, and wrote—' The bat V B. South lAncashile Regiment is a very gred example of what a volunteer battalion can become with tapable leadership and administration It can turn out a battalion 1,010 strong at all times including 711 N.C.O.'s and RINI between the ages of Si) and 35. The materiel is very good indeed and there ale not half a does men in the corps whose absence one would art regret judging them lry the eye as they stand on parade. . . . . . Whether in the regular army or in the auxiliary forces, we hate never yet recognized the value of the position I l•e commanding m fficer nor rewarded good work done in peace in the manner it deserves. What, after all, is the canes if microns in war hot g oil work done in pence? The allotment of a small number of honhurs every year to brigadiers and commanding officer, who have worked up their commands to a high standard of efficiency would pro- duce a good effect so long ne honour, are solely granted for efficiency and not for any other cause. There are also a number of admirable N and warrant officers of the permanent staff, like Sergeant- Major Ingram. of the tat V.B. South Lancashire Regiment, of whose services to the second line it is difficult to speak too highly. We ought to look after these people since they are doing a great work and the best of the Volunteers could not lift•e reached their present standard without them." • Mr. Ingram holds the long sorrier medal and the South Aftican medal with three clasps, line of the more ro cent Territorial projects in which he took a very active and much appreciated part was the torch. light tattoo held in Victoria Park, which provided the people of Wanington with a novel and impressive spectisele.We are sure we are voicing the opinion of Warrington Territorials, as well as of a large body of the general townspeople, when we express the hope that Hr. logrant's connection with the local battalion in his new capacity will be a long and prosperous one We understand that Mr Ingram will be succeeded as sergeant-major hy Instructor Newell.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CORONATION. IMPORTANT CHANGE IN LOCAL PROGRAMME. No Children's Festivities on Coronation Day.

We understand that there will be an alteration in the programme of the Coronation festivities. It was originally proposed to assemble and entertain all the elementary rchool children of the Borough in Vico ris Park, and the Mayor enme time ago called a meeting of the head teachers to assist in devising a programme. Thi-t meeting appointed a tub-committee to consider and report upon the matt. r. The Sub Committee proposed that the celebration should take the form of a aeries of tableaux to be per- formed by the children and also that old Engliah games such as Monis and Maypole It:aloes should be given. A further meeting of the head teachers was hehl at the Town Hall oil the Ist. instant, and a great number of objections were taken to the proposals of the Sub- Committee, which were not adopted. A steeling of the Coronation Sub-Committee was held immediately afterwards and the following are their proceedings the Town Clerk reported that a meeting of the Heed Teachers I.ad been held at the Town Hall this day, and the Mayor reported thereon. Resolved, l hat haring rogaid to the objection. of Heed Teachers to the suggestions made by their Sub-Contreittee appoitind to consider the form of celefirati a of the Coronation by the school children of the Town and to the following resolution palmed by them That this meeting of Head Teachers respect- fully seggest to the Coronation Committee that the celebration of the Coronation as far as the children are cencerned shall be held in four or more ceetiee. Your Sub Committee are very reluctantly com- pelled to recommend that the proposed massing of the cbildien in Victoria Park be abandoned, recognising that it is almost impossible to carry out such a demonstration without the whole- hearted co-operation and assistance of the teachers of the town. Your SulcCommittee after careful comideration are not prepared to recommend the adoption of the four proposed centres. These resolutions were confirmed by the full Coronation Committee at a meeting held on Wednes- day, and we undreamed that the proposed cereimey in Victoria Park will accordingly not take place.

The souvenirs of the occaelo'n which Were to be given to the children will he distributed at the schools on the day before the Coronation, and the Mayor will personally •isit each school. The Committee have also decided that bands shall play during Thursday afternoon and evening in Vict..ria and Bank

Progress' ie Labour Lugs,. The Progrtesive Labour League will begin so open-eir rampaign tw Tuesday evening neat. when Mr. A. II Crobfield and other. will addres• • meeting at Bridge Io.A.

MARKET PRICES. WARR 17,11T0N, Wri,NtSDAT. Felt P 005,12 Id 3. Lo Los SoLus, 1. IG4 FRESH BIITTKR, Is 2d and SMALL SOLES, Is Rd. Is 9d 'KINKING CAToNS Islb Ctigges, Rd and 9d. D 1,111.11,09 3. 6d each ItAnßurs, Is and Is. 2d. SALMoN TROUT, In 104 Pow. (couple) 48 6rl to 5a 8d LusioN SoLits, ls. POTATOES 10, to 12, • load. HALIBUT, IS Anse, 7d to 131 per lb. Con, ed. NluTTose, fid to 10d per lb. HAIM, II& PORK, 741 to 10,1. per lb PLAB r.,Gd uad 7d. VEAL, id to 114 d. LonsTras, Is 10d ENGLIsII LAHR Into Is 3d SHIFT., le. each. PARTRIDGF, 3.8 d abroad 'IV OoD PIOCoNS, Is. 3d. SALMON, Is 10d to 2.21 IiYENIoUTH HADDOCK, 84 BRILL, 1., WHEAT.-45 44 Ic4. 64.1 per 701 us. OATS.-5 6.1 to 2s 7d per 4511,.. Ca-ovals HA e.—Ll to Ls 5. per ton. MKADOW.—.CI per too. XX FLoUß.—'fle 9,1 per 210 lb.. BRAN—IDI ter 2011 m.

===== 0002601_19110506_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
POISONING AT THE WORKHOUSE. Fifteen Nurses 111.

We are pleased to wale tla:t the fifteen nurses at the Werringn. n Workhouse llo.pital who were seised with alarming illness last week, are now making very satisfactory progress towards roc°, ety. It will, how- et et, be 11017.0 little time before they are able to !NUMB okay. . . .

All the symptom. point to an outbreak of ptomaine poisoning. So,n after partaking of laeak fast on Wedneaday of last work. the nurses, who comprised the whole of the day staff, were foond to be mulTering from vomiting. Later in the d..y symp•olus of poisoning became more pronounced. Dr. Taylor, the resident medical officer, treated the first few Ca,., which speedily increaseil in number, soil no was e. nipelled to call in Dr. Ifodgkitmon, together with Dr. Conte If ibhert, medical officer of health to tle Warrington Corporation, .nil hie assistant, Dr. ('. W. Hutt. For Iwo days the condition of the patients was highly dangerous, and on Friday telegraphic communications in several instance. were addree,ed to the relatives. Fortunately there was a great improvement in every ease during the weekend. Two patient. who &existed in the home had mimeo( the suspected foodand they were also taken ill, hut not serkusly. At the Nice at the Workhouse on Sunday morn- ing the Rev. W. Itracecampi,chaplain at the Work- house), said he felt sure all present sincerely sym- pathized with the noses and two isolates, who were seriously ill. If, asked for their prayer. that God would in Ilia own good time restore them spin to perfect health and sitength. . . . .

Samples of the ansprojeii food have been submitted to Professor Delepine, of Afaneheskr. but as his report, ham not yet zeached the authorities, the cause of the outbreak is unknown.

The names of th• eufferera are Sister Myna], of Birkdale ;Sister Emerton, Ear!woven ; Sinter Smith, Manchester ; S:ater Wake s'ey, Whalley, near Block- hoe; ohationers Rath& Fat le awe ntern (liokruhrnl, Carr (Ileyw, 0.11, 131egson (So inton,, Moyhall (Mansfield), Bard•ley (Liverpool rNtd, War- rington), Williams Bangooderraid (Stockton Heath). llnytnatd ( Wet riegn.n), Heaton (Manchester), and Owen tHayrl,l,/, lb.' oho loge in the staff had tab° made g, oaf by idle., Liver Tool, klanche.t.r and • LIBERAL WARD MEETINGS.

The Lit eial Executive and (Deters! Committee of the Latchford Ward held their monthly meeting St the Litwin! Ult" on %V.dnsedsynr.niog. Mr. Jots Dodd.' presided over • good atteurbince &mentor whom were Mess". J. Mother (lion. secretary', and E. A. Sanders. Messrs. Dodds Alai J. 11. Ton,. afaf. Appoint...l repre- sentatives on the GI npral C-mtniittesi at ioh is to control the open-sir work daring the summer. Several members ondert, oh to "ova" "riot. streetc—The Orford Ward Librial Committee held their meeting on I Thursday evening at the Libersl Clot, Mr. P. Peaoock was in the chair and ano ngst those present were: Mesa". 11. New sod E. A. Sandeis. After the report if the Finance arid Executive Comnsittes meeting presented by the Chkirmsn, Messrs. Spittle and Hoyle were elected representetives on the open-air campaign committee. Severst members promised to !survey various streets. A letter was receive' from I the. G. Millington stating that owing to the prolongs,/ illness of his wife he felt obliged to tend-, his resignation of the secretaryship of the committee. A vot• of condolence to Mr Millington was witted end the hope am expressed that his ails would soon be restored to beolth. lie waa also asked to "consider his ilecision. Councillor Hslliwell !presented ear i gentleman present with a book on the foreign Dale of the United Kingdom. Mr. 11. New in the course of a short address Rail that in the future they IN o uld only have to flglit Protection but National Service so I be, with others, intended to offer Die most strenziou• opposition to both.

Presentation to Ir. A. N. Loader. Mr. A. M Loader. the popular inanager of the Royal Court Theatre, Warrington. and the St Helens Theatre and Opera House, was at his tenth annual complimentary benefit at St. Helene on Thursday presented with • modern k:oglish oak grandfather clock, of Nery elogat4 deeign. the gift of the St. Helens theatre staff and a few friends.

DEATII. EI.I.ISON.—On April 30th, Ift ensdele, London-Kiri Stockton Heath, Henry Enka:2, aged $9 yews.

VA RR IN, TOV. —Printed sad Published by-.2oearWalidi Warriegton., Ltd., •t It.. rtalemenrr Coriereisl Printing Wore., Brishiroyetrest, and publi•hood by them at the same place., and also at 2, T. kranstner thilihaa, Victoria-road, Wive., 3, Osorge-street, ST. Hun'.. 3. Market-street. s 1.1MT9 Charcb-stroot, Runcoax. Alay 6 1911.

===== 0002601_19110506_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME. 5 50 —TW IC E NIGHTLY—S.O. MONDAY NEXT. MAY nig 1911. FRED KARNO'S LATEST CREATION YAP YAPS. HIPPODROME PERFSCTION PICTURES. GEORGE CAMPBELL, Patter Comedian. THE RANGERS, colorer and amusing Cycle Interlude. THE VIOLAS, White Mahatmas. PROFESSOR NORTON, The Magician. TOM LEA, Comedian, DAVID AND DIARRIOTT, Opera Vocalists. BRULL AND HEMSLEY IN "FUN IN A MUSIC SHOP." Stalls, le.; Circle, 9d.; Pit, ; 0611017. HAIRCOMBINGS I made up 2/- per oz. COVERLET CR TAILS OF room HAIR FRAMES, 1 PURE 5/6 FROM 316 EACH. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH ST. (CAR ATION), LIVERPOOL. TENTS, SALE or HIRE, Cart, Sheete, Horme- clothe, Cart Reno, Twine., roofing felt dre. Benin and Re-dressiag.—ALEX McCONNELL. ft BUTTERMARKETETREET (Omaha old Ti-Idewell), WARRINGTON, 12TH ANNUAL PARTY ; Nice, Canees, mt.* Carlo Son Rem N Remo, Genoa, Rome, aples, Pompeii, Florence, _Venice, Milan, rte.—Programme from Conductor, W. MARSDEN, Artist, Southport. THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is prepared to receive loans, either at nix months notice or for a term of yeers.—Applioation to be made to the Bortmcut TREASURER, Municipal Oftlees, Warrioglon, IVFISS LUCY DAVIES, pupil of Mr. John Aetna ALL and Miss Mario Foam, vials Warrington and has mancler for • few more papas for arming. Hollinfare. Near Warrington. AYR. W. H. PAYTON, BUS. SAC., TEACHER OF PIANOFORTE, ORGAN, SINGING, HARMONY AND THEORY OF IdUSIC, de. Pupils prepared for all booa fide meantime. Numerous successes in ELM., and Trinity College Exemiezzions. For terms apply 13. BOLD ST., WARRINGTON. B. CUNNINGHAM, 29, FROGHALL LANE, WARRINGTON. BREWERS AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Gnomes Stout, Benz'a Pale Ale, aess's No.l Strong Al.. Worthington's and Alhopp's Alee. Devonshire end Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER Bann to Borne. ALSO MANUFACTURERS OP 111311-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. Wee bone Mk "810 YIELD" FERTILIZERS GROW BIG CROPS. MOST PRO DUCTIVE MANURE ON THE MARKET FOR PRICE AND TERMS APPLY OWEN TOOLE, 252, WINWICK.ROAD, WARRINGTON. Telephone No, 332. Telegrams" Owen Toole." OUR AIM IS TO ASSIST THE PEOPLE. lIENRY IVADTIVRIGHT, 7, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL Large ap.to-date Stock of JEWELLERY, SILVER end ELECTRO.PLATE suitable for WEDDING PRESENTS. ENGAGEMENT RINGS A SPECIALITY. REGISTERED 22(1. GOLD WEDDING RINGS' ESTABLISHED 1798. GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS Sc,., M., AND 11. SD. EACH. WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON A AsoLD A LEWIS, Late Simmons. GOLDMITHS, SILVERSMITHS, JEWELLERS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. The newest and most elegant designs In GOLD and OEM JEWELLERY, GOLD, SILVER ft OXYDISED and BRACELET WATCHES of the most reliable &ash. A very large Selection of Clocks and Electro-plan SPECIAL DISCOUNT 25 percent. for coal,. 21, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. Raba,. DM

REPUTATION MAINTAINED POE GOOD TEA. PRICES 2/2, 24, 2/6 and 2/8 per lb. TIIE NATIONAL TEA CO • 16, HORSEMARKET ST. WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques gives with the Tea may be exchanged soy day for Household Goode Equivalent to s dividend of 40 per cent. HEAD ESTABLISHMENT 50, sod 111, Priarpte, Preston.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS BY SNOWDON 10.45 a.m. Remy Day for Llandudno (2S hours ashore) and Beauwaris only, due back in Li.erpool 7.90 p.m. Connections at Beamomis for Bangor and Menai Bridge. For rill further informatb n and conditions of carriage apply to the Liverpool sod North Wales Steamship Cowpony, Lid, T. 0. BREW, secretary, 40. Chapel at., Liverpool. Guide 3d. loot Free. Contrmt• Sundays, 32,6. Week-ends, 16. Through Bookings every day from Warringtsn. STEPHEN MOM & SONS LIMITED SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL RINDS OFAGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS,ik OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIRE AND REPAIRED, ALL RINDS OP WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, lko. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET. WARRINGTON A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS. PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL 99 BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. Rod or Salt-glazed Moist', 13.. Id. Prices Quoted for rising. Illostiated Leaflet on Application. FREE. FREE. FREE. TO ALL USERS OF A GENUINE EDISON PHONOGRAPH A Mont Useful Article will be seat post free on receipt of a id. postcard, giving type of Machiee—Gem, Standard, or Home—sod Special Number of slMhine, to r"j *TAKE RARAM, 711-76 a, RENSHAW WT.. LIVERPOOL.

GENERAL ELLIOT HOTEL CROFT. THIS WELL-KNOWN COUNTRY RESORT HAS NOW BEEN ACQUIRED BY GEO SHAW AND CO., LIMITED, OF LEIGH BREWERY, LEIGH. Who have made Extensive Alterations for the Coovenience of Visitors. LARGE AND SMALL PICNIC AND PLEASURE PARTIES ass be comfortably socommodated in SUITABLE DINING ROOMS. LUNCHEONS, DINNERS AND TEAB Served at the Shortest Notice sod on Ressonable Term. A SPACIOUS AND WELL KEPT BOWLING GREEN IS ATTACHED TO THE HOUSE. SMART BILLIARD ROOM WITH EXCELLENT TABLE. First Clam ALES, STOUTS, WINES A SPIRITS, Az Ciprs and Cigarettes of Well-known BMW.. FOR 'FIRMS, &C., APPLY— MANAGER, OKNEEtAL ELLIOT, CROFT, Na. WARRINGTON

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. CRAM PTON'S PROVISION BUSINESS WILL FIX TRANSFERRED ON WEDNESDAY NEXT TO 57, BRIDGE STTZEET.

THE LICENSING (CONSOLIDATION) ACT, 1910. NOTICE OF PRINCIPAL MEETING. COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the principal meeting to be held ;eminent to iho Licensing Itoler. 1910, by ihe Compensation Authority for the shove area, will be held st the COURT HOUSE, POLICE BUILDINGS, ARPLEY STREET, WARRINGTON, in the said Comity Borough, on FRIDAY the 28th day of MAY, 1911, at TEN o'clock in the forenoon. AND NOTICE IS HEREBY ALSO GIVEN that the Compensation Authority will at the meeting, be prepared to hser, with reference to the renewal of the licences of the sevarsi premise. specified in the aubjohied list, all those persons to whom under the Licensiag (Consolidation) Act, 1910, they are bound to give an opportunity of being honed; that in to say, the persons interested in say licensed ',minima. in question and, miles, it appen to the Compensation Authority unueceseary, any other pontoon appearing to them to he interested in the question of the renewal of the licence of tho. premises Oocluding the juntice• of the limning district). LIST OF LICENSED PREMISF.S.

NMI/ sad Situation of Promises.

Ague at Licrace.

HIGHER ANGEL, Buttermerket Street. BREWERS' ARMS, Winwiek Street.

ALEHOUSE. JOHN CHEA DLE. BEER HOUSE. JOSEPH HELSBY (anle-1989).

KENDAL MILNE co MANCHESTER FURNITURE, DECORATION CARPETS, CURTAIN S. TELE,RAMS "K Nm TELEPHONE. b 203

UP-TO-DATE Bespoke Tailoring. Smart Gut. Perfect Fit. Latest Styles. .11111. Small Deposits & Weekly Payments from 1 6. From Rainproof Overcoats... .. Gent's Suits 31/6 ladies' Costumes 22/- Ladies' Costs 9;1l nfoodn:no:uthrsi your pucthorr ens:fowl int.,. pt"i.bv:ostazsit.7.ltwee with Watson, Scott & Co., 62, OLDHAM SMUT. lIANCRESTEL

Houses, Land on Bala WO BE SOLD, well built, convenient, HOUSE and 1 SHOP, together with the established Intsinees of rt plumber sad painter ; excellent opportunity.—Por particulars apply. T. and J. L. TONTALL and Co., Estate Agents, Warrington.

Agriculture. P"SIES,VioIa plantasillibithennamed,l2 le 6d,free —Bormerr. 0r... Heeth,Kettleeholote, Stockport nicer LOAM, Kettering old libry, for Carnation., Mums &n.; 21s. ton; truck loads delivered Cheshire and S. Lance.—J. Dom, Perk row, Nottingham

C_ ASH Advanced from £lO to C 5,000 without security or budlicity. Our interest is at least half that of loan offices or loan companies, they certainly cannot compete with on. Existing loans paid off, sod additional cash advanced. Short period loans Is. 3d. in the E. Businem done through post If desired. Letters anewered (Actual Lenders). N. STAFFORD, LTD., 55, CRON STREET, Masciorna. WIDNES. XS, XT, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. A DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. Cl_ MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, sod all Respootablelionaelsolders, on their own ascority, with- out daisy, On Oar simple written promise to pay tack FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. JOHN E. GOODWIN, MANAGER. £ 5 T., 9,1, OTl?tioLfoEr N T D agreedpeAriedl Y £5 loan, Repay £5 105. I £25 loan, Repay £27 101. ZIO „ „ LII I £.30 „ „ £93 ,Cl 5 „ „ £lOlO.. £5O „ „ £55 £3O „ „ £22 £lOO „ „ £llO No enemies, no delay, no publicity. Special attention applicenta from this district. CHARLES PAIEIN, 219, BRUNSWICK ST.,OXFOR D R MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON ST., (over Bradley'. Clothing Shop) NORTHWICH. CH EAP AND CONVENIENT LOANS, If your intentions are Hooourable this advertise- ment trill appeal to you. LIO repay Ell .C5O ropey .C 55 £2O „ £2/i 1 £lOO „ £llO Terms ermined for easy repaymeete if desired. £lO loan 3'. weekly £si) loan 12/6 weekly £2O „ bl- weekly £lOO „ 20/.. weekly Every genuine application receive, prompt and personal attaotion. Cash by poet, no Fee.. Strictest secrecy guaranteed. N. SEFTON, LTD., 11, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON.

HERE'S A CHANCE FOR YOU. NO MATTER WHO OR WHAT YOU ARE.. long.. 1I oonsider you matisfactory ! I WILL TRUST YOU WITH A LOAN FROM .£5 to £5OO. No matter what other lenders charge or advertise, get !my terms and you will find thorn still lower. Learn my modern way of lending money without publicity. Emmy weekly Or monthly payments to coil JOU, convenience Apply at once to the Actual Lender MARK RUBIN, 3, ARPLEY STREET, (off Sankey Street) Werringtort. MIN WOODWARD, 11401.g•nm.

Horses, Carriages, Live Stook A T Stud, toro Wiens large tetrito BOARS. les Ss oM. hosted out lia.—Wooos Sandy lane. Orford. S6INT of Light SHOW HARNESS, tank Kits aod Lampe to matoh. Also not horse action develop... Whet offers.—Jogn FARRAR, Edge End, liebdeo Bridge. rpo BE SOLD, WAGGONETTE, Laodan, and Gower- -I- nem Om, I.R. tyres, all perfoct condition ; also Doable Set of Harneao—Apply R. V. MATIMR, Birk&le Lodge," Birkdale.

Medical. (Nreat Lim Core, Wadley'. Little Liver Granola VI" la. b. ed. free.—Wardley & Clarke, Tonbridge. 'LITTER, sore cure Ringworm, Resems, beld ruches 14 Is 3Apost paid.-Inglis, Blackburee PI., Liverpool ACCOUCHEMENT.—QoIet, comfortable Roma with Norse, before sad during ; moderate. —22 WA RIORICK-MOOR, ILES.--. Vineo ' tbs. litaster-Iternedy Cures While Yen Sleep. Send 131 d. for weelt's supply.— VAI:0111/1S, 32, Grafton rd., Plymouth. This is german

A CCOUCHEMENT.—ComfortahleHoreadern-707,- finement.—N t nen, 24, Upper Lloyd it., Mom lees Feet, Manchester. CIII4ER UP.—What's the trouble Your liver wrong Suffering from indigestioe, headache ?—Try Shawyen Vegetable Pills. They mill psi new life into you. Poet free IL Id.—SHAWYER, Chemist, Swindon, A VOID Medioinee—Sbyness, Bloshing,Nervourness it and Self-Consciominem cause misery and and must be eradicated. My remarkable remedy imparts estonishing confidence nod nerve, thus ensuring happi- nem and succors—Send P.O. Is. for all required to Paste 38, Loch Promenade, Douglas. CRUSADE AGAINST CONSUMPTION. , elOLb is the forerunner of Censomption. Dr. Quain's peat cold mecilk, latest end peateet medical die ornery, positively kills germs and expels colds, with their attendant evil.. Abeolutely aide and sure. Marvelous in rapidity. Post free for la. 14d. from QV•IN'S fiescino C0.,97 Cheapish>, London, E.C. FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE been univenally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best know. Remedy fcr Anemia, Giddiness, Fumes, and Swelling after Meals. Loge of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakneu, irregularities, and •Il Female Ailments. Rosen In lid., 2a. 9d., 4s. dd. aod Ile (Simple sent free). Only addrete : OS, PORTOBELLO RD., NOTTING HILL, LONDON

_ Zdtuntion• P"T-OFFICB Appointotents.—Msls sad Female Lanntern Thorough Tuition by Poet. Fee. moderate. May at onee.—B•RXIM, 45 Wbitley rd., Ifuthoor.. IRLS' BOARDING SCHOOL, Whiteburch, &roe. adre ; smallest education at moderate fees; £ssllsh and Foreign Mistreats. ; healthy situation, individual atteetlon. rgIIDE:sWELL GRAMMAR SCHOOL, near I.Button—BOARDERS from Ogee. per term.— Hemdmester, W.G. SOUL, M.A., LL.D., D.C.L., P.C.S. HE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS JL. WARRINGTON.— Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Boys.—Principsl, MISS ORIN°, A.C.P. Sty IT includes MA. and L.R.A.M. Half-term commences Febrildry 28th. WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH YOUR BOYS AND GIRLS ? DO you wish them to take rips Commercial Career? DO you wish them to enter the Civil Service ? DO you ieh them to enter one of the Profeselons ? THEN CALL and consult E. SMART & CO., I, Buttermarket-street, Warriogtoo, the oldest nod most eucceseful Banjoes Training end Civil Service College in Englaed. Fees from ..C2 2s. per quarter. Ladies sod Gentlemen are given a first clam &niacin Education, equipped with everything necessary to ensure a aucoessful Commercial Career ; and guaranteed • good position when efficient. Fees from El In. per quarter. Tuition is given in all subjects torah l brooches of the Civil Service, Professional Preliminaries, Banks, Railway., sta. Under our methods of tuition, soceses.ol certain. Open from 10 to 9. Call Asp Doty, Any Hour, IL SMART & GO., BUTTERMAREBT STREET, WARRINGTON,

rir7l HI! SKI HI! 0 :. ~...p.,,. 411 Flying Men's mishaps are proverbial: It mthaeyspecbetaotfoCOrs aDtYa oflryiLngA.TBkHyAinMg,voenrtuanny., V _ 11.... t other distinguished aviator—none seem --44-14 P -=---:.--,;; exempt from accidents. And what about _.,,,,........dAyat.--r.' -: ___-----7.-4'oBo- • when suddenly such heavier-than-air articles as wheels, hammers, and spanners e —to say nothing of petrol tanks—may come whizzing down from aloft? If you I are " FLY " you will take with you ' ... (---\,...---,- WILSON'S .......•_ r. k 4..... iii, ; 'Reliance' Umbrella ~*1 40 I. . THEN YOU ARE SAFE! s"--- -ffe.,----" These UMBRELLAS are made solely, wholly, only and entirely by WILSON & • CO. Orders by "Wireless," or Aeroplane, . .-I Monoplane, Biplane or Triplane, are at once ' ill m-• -. attended to. Prices from 1/3 to 63/- r' In the Recovering Department Orders are executed with flying celerity. Patterns 0 ei• and prices to any address FREE by return . 1 , post. WALKING STICKS for those who don't fly from 11. to 42/• 510'-' ' _ -, , --,----..,7-_-....- REPAIRS AT RECORD SPEED. J. WI I_3o N& CO UMBRELLA 49 EXPERTS, 48, HORSERIARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.

EARLY SPRING WEAR OF' Ladies' and Children's Millinery, Costumes, Dresses, Blouses, Blouse Robes &c. MRS. WALSH, 50 8c 52, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

LARGE GENERAL FURNISHING GUIDE FREE fIEW SPRING FURNISHING GOODS. Finest Stock out of London. Lowest Prices. PIONEER FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS, CARPETS, LINOLEUMS, CURTAINS, CASEMENTS, CRETONNES, CHINTZES, BOLD ST. LIVERPOOL. LINENS, BLANKETS, SPECIAL VALUE. IRONMONGERY, ELECTRO- CUTLERY, PLATE, For CASH or EAST TERRIS. CHINA, GLASS A Etc.

RICHARD JEFFREYS, SS, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Largaersortmeot of Framed Pictures suitable for Weddia4 end Birtbdsy Pressers, &boot Prism, Ac. Terms modersto, REPRODUCTIONS HY HOLLYER Or PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI. sod BURNE.JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD 11124'...ItAVINGS.

W N GREEN THE SPOT SHOP, TO SAM . (FISH MARKET FOR EVERYTHING,.

G. & T. Royle WORLD-RENOWNED Bowl Makers for Bowling Greens 42, Sackville St., MANeHESTER. Nat. Telephone, No. 2924.

ROBERT WOOD, STAILOR AND COSTUMIER, , Market Place, Warrington. Now Showing all the Latest Novelties in Suitings and Ladies' Costumes.

Tel No. 123. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS ill \ i: in E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings frequently save so per cent, in labour. BRASS CASTINGS any weight); Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxlne, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen t I kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars Dynamos, Steam Fatties, 011 Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors. . ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Speciality Work. 1): a wings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Ilachieleg and Forging done or the trade. Turning up to 15 het diameter. Plaits log up to 5 feet square. Slotting ud to Minch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dea:ing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accuintrated during an establishment ewer 80 years

Old Oabar CHICALA A DRY FEED FOR CHICKENS AGENTS: CARTER & SON Bridge St. Warrington.

BEFORE BUYING AN INCUBATO7). WRITE T,) HEARSON'S For • FREE Copy of The Problem Solved.-it is inlensoby In rrr r r tlng and fun, illostrated. P.aprittiz ormtefsr•o•.• zPRATT'S PATENT LTD., Z.F.nolalllollol.. London. AGENTS: GARTER & SON, Bridge St. Warrington.

NO ADULTERATION ALLOWED. (All attempts on the part of the Opposition to weaken mot " water down ' the Veto BM Ity their floods of amendments are bet, thinly resisted by the Government.) to .. N-N‹,,,,..\\ t ,li riirrit1574.4,44:11.4 " • ^-' v• ..., I I - . ....„---•.-=-"..,mx,,,,,,, ii. Ad t. -in r-1 s ,',"/ .":',4 -, 4,--3,-1-- , --N 1\ 111 rp r, ,/, 7.,-.4.14 I,isL), !,--,*>- .' j -- TT- __,,..._ :::, 4.11,.., .' ---,,---- r , ,-- ~ < ...,--. ----et,,'--'------ , , --_,...„ , '7, ~, . A ---•,---- ' 1 I -YETo s = , ~t,k.‘\ , \-,g,Nci ur, -•,\ --1 ' PI I -- ...1 L 41,1111fil,'' ~_-'-'------_ -.--.. 1-1 ft .:-;------IrIIIIIIIk- - 14114- -- ----:: ---__ ': .' 1 _ ;.;;,:•,.;!1,1, .!:. , ii, ~ ~1, N,.:,%kk 0 -,---=-=----:- = '• , ; .i.:;;;;,, ,',k ,t;,ll,iliVi ' sN M . -="-----=• -,,---_-.--,-__ _ '-=.1..-.--- •:: • . ily '''' .;',‘....•,:•;•:` '4 ' , \ '1..:.;,;;;•:,:l '. ' WI IL /..... _ MR. ASQUITH : "No, Balfour; I'll have no more ' wateting down.' That would be cheating the people. We must keep it up to Government standard."

BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER For,re, BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER Puddings, BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER N'N'trzirL___.

NOW IS THE TIME FARMERS WITH CAPITAL to turn their attention to the money-making possibilities of WESTERN RUSTRIALI7I Special selected Government- surveyed and cleared areas are available for settlement. ASSISTED PASSAGES Fo 111 ntet.l pamplet4 and forth, portfrolan, apply to the .t (.6 for m K7TERS AlfealtALl %, 11, Nlotoodm eitroot, London, SW.

MERRYWEATHER6 lip ...- „:„ ,;„v‘..".,.....-.........-_-.. CLASS WATERING HOSE TESTINIONIAL—“The hose I hat from you ten year; ago is , goal as ever and likely to last another ten. ' 63 LONG ACRE. LONDON

ee d7ll:s` orlliqast • er • Cures when all remedies Gil. It acts like magic relieving all pain and throbbing and soon cures the worst CORNS and BUNIONS. Boxes is 41 of all Chemists. 11. BERTRAM Ik SOI, ftrzlm. fionLict THE FOOD THAT BRINGS RESULTS. Horlick's Malted Milk C; , necessary Ala rnenta of nutrition. It is indispensable or infants. *T. and to the ntarest po,s,ble approach to the child a natural ele, food. No cooking or added required.lt prepared in an inStant surruta to water. I Of all Chouitata and Storm. , In Wades 191. 216. 111.. , tioamicLost. i ..1 s..r ?.o.x Co. lick; MALTED MILK , jj Order it by Name 9"--. Symington's Coffee Essence —the name guarantees AMA quality, strength and. flavour. No other as. good. Economical,. too—four cups of fragrant coffee for Id. WNNGTOS 5COf FEE ESSENCE toa., STONE GROUND WHEAT. Always eat Tii • A !Janson Molemeal Bread It is a necessity for those who would be well. SEE NA ME. to., I VIRY LOAF and A•taf ••=lO goo from her. THE NATURAL FOOD CO, LTD, , 111,THNAL GRUA. LON N.

BRII ISH COLUMBIA. l'ltosl,ltlT V, 11)1,11,,IM: X A moat dtai,eme nritinh mule in. Chows and /Land well adamod Fruit Crowing Dairying & time Farming, Horse, Hog, Cattle & Poultry Raising NI imam' wen• *till near M. band and prom; iv,' Free &lineation. (food Lan Fall informatiou free of charge on aprl.cnt in J. H. TURNER., At:, (il;•.Fl:ti f., SALISBURY Muss:, FIVmIIURY ()111 4, lA,

These tiny Capsules relies l'ldlo7 sad Bladder Troubi "TA z C.V."67lds t7s:Sehaie-lbbt Pm. " ' Sold by pi A 4 D yrh,Tisis, or p, hp, " N I LCOX Ct.. (D• ps 50) 41, II •rr, 1.4"00.

HOUSE FURNISHING. We hold the largest stook of HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS In the North of England. AND SELL AT THE LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH. 34. to 48. LONDON-ROAD. HOTHAM-STREET. Miles, V BLRI IO tiPORRT-OSTORL ~EETi,, .A;,Nr.D.t.FdRcenStEIR.,:piSoT.RZT Rau & ree, on Telegrams. “FURNISHING.', Telephone 1214 Royal.

THE EXAMINER Series OP WISK•IND FIEWSPAPIM COMPRISIS THE HIARRINGTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The pTincipel and the oldest weekly roper for War- rusgton, Stockton Heath, Penketh. Winwich, Pndgnte Lymm, ite, being one of the largest and best weekly paper. in Lancashire and Choshire. The district covered by t,is paper compriseoo • large trading and agricultural tract in South Lancashire and Mid. Cleshi re. frIHE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published ever, A- Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in Town and diatrict, and offers the beat and cheapest facilities to advertisers. lIIHE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every -a- Saturday morning. Widnee contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is rapidly growing centre of industry. rHE EAR LESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The largest local paper containing the news of Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows, Colborne, Haydock, Lowton. In, The district thus comprised ia • moat important part of the Lancashire coalfields. fiNHE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every Satordey morning, circulating in St. Helene, Prescot, Parr, Sntton, Pesaley Cross, tta—the centre of OM glass, chemical and watch trader of the Kingdom, PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Sin Thirteen Words. Week. Week. Weak. Week. £8 ... 64. ... I. 34....2.. 04. ...3.. 9d. 24 ... 94.... In. 101. ... 3., Od. so. 04. 80 ... b 3d....3.. Id. ... Is. Od. ... 8. 94.

EADINO Company require SMART DIAN for tA Aseurance Book ; salary and commission to energetic men ; state experience (if any).—Box 172, "Ezaroin., " Office, Warrington. IN" NPlrllimi?ii vs: MOe ORGANIST Organ for Pupila.—Apply Mr. J. 011irrITHS, Ryland' at., Warrington. rgRESS EXCHANGE, 4, Hornby rd., Grand Drive, Blaoapool.—Wardrobo dealer, good price given for all blade of it-off clothing ; lettere and parcels promptly stbsodad to • resister office for serranta wanted good georoals, &fa° II Si [MN. ; MARSHALL, Sask., Caned*. Small thrivisg town, C.N.R. main line, oeotre of Britian Colony, excellent opportenitire for tradesmen fled farmer, with email capital. Information gladly given anyone interested.—Apply Sac RITA It V, Board of Trade.

eoast and eountry. WHERE TO STAY!

pAlLlS.—Ferglish Peados, highly recom. from Mrs —4, Rug DO D 0111,16, E. Emilie, Paris. IIAOftECAMBE.—STSAND PRIVATE HOTEL, 171 Bare ; mem °newel, bath and golf Ugh.; owe paltry sod egp ; terms from Ss. per clay ; week-eods Os. and Hrs. GIMPING. UONDON.—WILDI3 Pint-clam TEMPERANCE 1-4 HOTELS, 10 to 40, LODGA I HILL, LC. Electric Lift. Central for Busineu or Pleasure. Also at 70 and 71, EUSTON SQUARE. Class to Easton, St. Pancras, and King'. Crow; Stations. Home Comfort., Clesalisters, and Quiet.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (XIST IT OLD WARRINGTON PIOSL/L) 28, CHAPEL STREN:T. ESTIMATES GIVEN. ChOIR PARTIRS, PICNICS &C., TSSTIMONIALA IRON ALMOST STIRS TOWN IN LA:IC/ARMS. Telephone NU. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

ISLE OF NAN.—TRAWS'S "The Warrington" BOARDING ESTABLISHMENT, CENTRAL PROMENADE DOUGLAS. ESTABLISHED P. TRAVIS. 27 Y••rit. Proprietor. Terms from 5 6 per day. LLANDUDNO.—Cowo Yon BOARDINO Hot ,r, Abbey rd. Lovely situation ; WHIM from 25.. per meek. COLsZyNEIB.:I-40Lbur7gritr...117.erl;ff fi',roo.rueSoi per day

Apartments, Funl ished Houses, &e. Blackpoo LACKPOOL.—ComforUtble APARTMENTS sear 11 sea and Central Station; piano.—Mrs. &RIVEN, Primrose Holm, 38 Balndow st. (from Normseton). I3LACKPOOL (North Shore):—Visitors will fled every home comfort ; well recommendoi.—Mrs. MAULTON, 29, Banks st. (1 role. Talbot rd. Station). LACKPOOL—APARTMENTS with or without .11 board. Close to sea end Control dation. Piano. —lsrs. Wee. RILEY, Gale HOUR), 70, Hereby rd. BLACK POOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS at usual terms ; 2 min. from sea and Talbot rd. Station—Mm. RoIiINSON, Ivy House," 61, Lord nt. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board ; °eland to both stations and all am ow,roen ta ; piano—Mr.. B. NORTH. 8, Alfred et. BLAUK PM/L.—Comfortable. APAR! St N.N 18 with or without board; 1 min. Talbot rd station, sea and all amulieMents ; pleno.—Mrs. A. CADMAIV, 23, Edward et.

BLACKPOOL.—PubIie and private APARTMENTSI with or without board, Is. each person ; Talbot rd., Station and non; piano.-11fra. Crßa,6, Lord at., N. Shore. ✓a LACKPOOL—Comfortable APARTMENTS, close I" to Central Station. Near all entertsloments piers and sea. Pi•no—bfra. CiIaPMAY, 68, Coronation at., (late of 17, Hall rd.) BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTM ENTS; terms moderate; 1 min. from Talbot rd. Station, North Pier and ses.—Mier DAWSoN, Warrington House, 15, Lord at.. North Shore. LACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, board • optionol, S mioaten ma and Central Station; Is. Arrnh cameo., 000hing and attendance; bath I)LACKPOOL.—Bed, cooking and attendance, In 11-51 each pemon ; five minutes from Central Station and sea' plano.-51re. J. aroma, 11 Charoloy rd., off Coronation at. CLEVELS YS, BLACKPOOL,-FURNISHED HOUSE and APARTMENTS to Let; close to Nes and tram.—Toantn, Ancborsholm lane. BLACKPOOL. -APARTMENTS (board optional), one min. promenade; good accommodation for cyclist,; piano.-11 re. COPS. 68, Lytham rd., S.S. BLAcKr,oL—Comfortable APARTNIENTS with or reithout board, 1 min. Talbot In., Station; home comforts ; piano—Mm. J.W.lisonts4P, Prospect I loom. 5. George at. I,lLACKPOOL.—Comforteble APARTMRNTS (board ^l,, tonal), near ant, trame,stailon and pier; livery convenience; terns moderate.—Mrs. CIIAPII•in, 21, Paere et, Smith Brion,

LACEPOOL, 21.8.—Ccmfortable APARTMENTS srith or without board ; terms moderate ; every aveeiesoe ; tee view,neer promenade.-1111..Wructrts, 2. Wellioaton rd. (lit, of Montheqter BLACKPOOL—Public Lod private APARTMENTS. Bed. cooking, Is., each person. Board from 25a. per week. Bath, cycle accommodation, I minute Talbot rdatatlon and north piet.—Mrs. Evog,2,Lord it

ROILEBEI 30,and MACHINERY, good second-hand I-D JOHN STRINGER AND SON (Dept. 41) Blackburn NON-CONDUCTING COMPOSITION MANUFACTURERS for the Prevention of Radiation of Hest from Steam Boilers, Piping, Hot Water Circulating Boilers and Pipes, and all Heated Surfaces. We quote for Covering the above with Illageesia,Silicate Cottoo,Hair Felt,and ourComposi t ion Composition, Supplied in Casks Ready for Application EMERY AND EVANS, Catherine at., Strangewaye, Mancheater. PATENTS. A, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. EITAIGISHIED in 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. Patten flo. COLONIAL FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. Pawn

Stocks, Businesses, Etc. ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO SELL are advised to consult M. COWNILI, Legh at, Warrington.

SMART little COOKED MEAT, Potato F 1.., Trips ; good house, ..at 9s. clear; .ClO.-169,101rowsa RD., IJrustow. MIXED BUSINESS, growlag district, good reasons OA for disposal; £25 Stook valuation.—Addrees 0.K.. Examioer" Office, VVarrington. IXED BUSINESS, Gilled, China, Hardware, Paiute, cod Inosodeeceot Goods.-27, I.7PPNR JACKSON or., Halms, Manchester. CON FEC VIONERY —Healthy district ; good living bath Ac.; £63 all.-510, GREAT CHNETHAII ST. MAOODNIUM. CIOOD CONFECTIONERY, all Horns Baked Stuff; %Jr rent 6d. deer; taking EIS weekly ; will stop to prove.-713, Ditenv Sr., Regent rd., Salford. GENUINE MIXED BUSINESS with Herb beer own make. Good Befog soccmmodation. Rest Ba. ed. clear.—W. MAYO, 7, Mellor at., Maaoheetar rd., Droyladeo, Masobeater.

GOOD SHOP, mixed BOSINBSS ; opleadid house, bath, an, {aiming £l2.—Add,.. Box 2114, " Examine." Ottlee, Watriaßtoo. jij HOLESALE Drapery, Hanyiines, Underclothing v • Hosiery Oatatting, Swallwares. &winners warted parcel;3o.. to ES. Job lot. traveller. sample. , for markets ; catalogue free.—WiLcocas, Panay ft, Blackburn.

• LACK POOL—APARTMENTS, 2e. oight,2 persona; 11 board optional; pieso, comfort guaranteed.— M re. GREGORY, 35, Cryetal rd., off Promenade. I) LACK POOL—Home from Home. Wont., Central 11 Station and S. Terms Is. each psreon.—Mrs. SI '<SMITH, 17, Horoby rd. Piano. I) LACK POOL.—" Home from home." Hod. °reeking/ LP sod sttendance, ls. neck ~on;F minute Cooled Station end Sea; boarders from 25e. weekly ; cycle secornrnodat inn —Mrs. 1.11, 23, Hornby rd.

BLACK l'oo4—PnbHamad PriveterAPARThIEN'TS ; board optional ; good beds and tiros ; every con- venieoce.—Mte. E. CHADWICK, 29 Loradalo rd., off Lytham rd. neer Manchester Hotel sad sea. Air LACKPoo4—Comfortable APARTMENTS, board optional; I miA from eon; opposite Talbot ad Static.; home comforts. Centntl to all amusement.. —Mrs. T. WARRINO, 6,Cookson et. BLACKPOOI..—Bed, cooking and attendance, Is. each pomp • three minute. Central Station and sea ; boarders 25e: weekly ; cycle accommodation.— We. ELLA sis. 27. Cheroley rd. Southport

SOUT/IPORT.—APAR VbIENrB with or without bard ; el°. to pier and promeoade ; see vie.; both; piano, dc.—Mra J. W. MAasoav, Milton Villee 34, Bold er. SUOTHPORT.—HooteIy APARTMENTS, central; public, private ; ; minute promenade ; term. moderate.—Mir KIMYON, 31. Avondale rd.

SOUTHPOKT.—APARTMKNTS, with or without board ; per bed and attendaoos ; board Oa dd., near station, Lord at.; hothead piano.—Mrs. Boras, 44; King at. SOUTHPOST.—APARTMENTS public sod priests with or without board; one minute from promos'& and sanimemetits ; opposite Cheshire Line. Station; issth, piono.—lllwaCOATlN 12, Lord at..

Miscellaneous. ABERYSTWITH.—APARI MENTS for Whitson- tide; healthily el tooted by ma, castle, promenade sad back; borne from home; piano.—C. Bodsrfor, See View Place. ANtILESEY, Comae& Bay.—APARTMENTS two sitting, six bedroom.; bolsi bey; bomb minute; splendid meoary ; liars pass close; nowt April to September.—H co Ra. Dolton Home. Bahill-00-Sea.—Modern Boom, ba-front, comfort- SOW& homely.—Mre K log, I: Inge we 7, 21, Egerton rd COLWYN BAY.—Clean comfortable APARTMENTS; 5 minute. wood, and ; good 000kiag.— CLINTON VILLA, Erskine rd. DERBYSHIRE.—Superior APARTMENTS.—AppIy Mrs. HOGG, Hill Creet, Regime. FIRGIANWY.—Boarding Howe ; sloe Private Apart mats; mod. terms.—TRRAILDAS, 5-6, Vardre Mew IlaoooLAS.—Britsonia House, Barrie Profaned,' ; Board ono resideoco, from se. 6d. per day ; bads from 2r. LONSDALR. IWARMHOUSE APARTMENTS, two elute', three bedrooms, four bede. Plermantly situated, 11 miles from MoId.—ROBERTS, Hendre. Nerquis. VARMHOUSE APARTMENTS, large sitting-room, 3 bedrooms, mountain said river, grand scenery. Moderate.—Piritcr, Pony-Bryn, Penmachuo, Bettaymoed. ORESFORD, near Wrexham, APARTMENTS, farm- house, moderate, um of sitting-room, kitchen, 2 bedroorns.—BALbs WOOD FARM. GRANGE-0-SANDS.—APARTMENTS ; See runny position ,• lovely sea and mountain view.; large roof"; catral.—Mrs. ASTIR, Belvedere. 140YLAKE.—Conifortable APARTMENTS; close Ai prom., golf links, bowl's' groan ; moderate terms. - 57, ALDERLIM RD. .ONDON Visitors.—Superior Apartments, doily or Id weekly; bard rptiooal ; moderate, cs Write requirement., MANAIIICRESS, 41, Bernard at., Roswell sq. tracing tube). VIORFANEVIN, North WaIee.—APAR'TMEN't IVA 2 kitting, 3 Bedroom., for May, June and July •, close to sea, golf, poet and Cborcb.—Eistur View. MORECAM Be.. —Public and Private APART. MEETS, merry home comfort, Is. each cameo ; bard if reqoired ; 1 minute, proniensde.—klra WARD, Thoraville (late Gram at.l,3s,Sea Via/ Parade. W.E. 11MRESTATYN.—Hoores, Bungalows, Furnished I. Unfurnished ; Later Sale ; atamp.—Wm. INCL. FIRLD, Agent, Proust, a. RUT L.—To LET, :mire of Rooms seer Golf Lint a.— FAIRFIELD, East Psrade. QOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS. with or sittout board ; bath, am-77, WINDSOR RD. SILVERDALE.—Tbree coon a or double bedroom.; guinea we, kly ; May ; beautiful, bracing ; are, golf, woodland RDODZS, Woodland View, Bilardele, sr. Comfort', QT. ANNES-ON•SEA.—Superior private APART- -1,7 MEETS, pleammly situated, conveniat to me, IBMs ; terms moderate for abort or long period.— ' Ovoca," St. Thomas rd. T'TNiIUE holiday scheme; very popolar,inexpensive; Li goat bonen in loveliest tourist °atom—Stamp or illus. booklekSsc ,Berners Clae,o range-over-Sande NVEST KIRBY.--Comfortable APARTMENTS; no ohildreu or other lodger,; terms moderate.— n. R Eal.Y, 26, Batas rd.

To be Let. WOWHANK, Knots lord rd., Grappesholl ; 3 eater J. 14 taising rooms, h. aad c. througboa ,t • er.o.. wash. betas and cellar detaohed.—Apply 13 31cazwe ST.- Warrinoon.

HOUSE TO LET.—" Winona," White&ld rd. Rent, ,C2B.—A. MOUNFISLD, Epworth," Whitefield rd., Stockton Heath. 36, GENERAL STREET, rent 4s. 3d. per week. 57, CATHERINE STREET, rent 40. per week. 39, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4.. td. per week. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good serui-detschrd Residence; large garde. ;soon; situation ; reduced rent. MARKET.GATE, Warrington, good Double 011ioe, most central position in wren ; good light ; £l6. 43, NEW-ROAD, Rent 4s. 94. per week. OFF SANKEY STREET, Warrington, 2 Storey Ware- house with cart entrance, rent £l6. 64, DALLAS! LANE, rent SHOP AND HOUSE, 67, Winwick.road, rent 9a. per week. 19, PIERPOINT STREET, rent 4s per week. 42. BRIGHTON STREET. rent 4. 7d. per week. Apply ROBERT Lows, Estate Agent, No.l Bank Street 'arriogton. Telephone—No 55 TELEPHONE No. SILITH AND TURTON, Vetoers, Estate, Insurance and Commission Agent., Mortgage Brokers, CRAMPTOWS CHAMBERS, BARBAL/LD ST., WARRINGTON. 3, FORD ST., 5. par week. 74 and 84, ALGERNON ST., 4.. Bd. per week. , HOUSE: In NORRIS ST., Bath Sc., 6.9 d. t 7. week 78, ORFORD AVENUE, 9d. per week. bEI4I-VILLA, Orford Green, 5. 9d. per week. ' NEW HOUSES, Hallftelds rd., fira and 7. per week. 76, MARSH ROUSE LANE, Bath, wo.dc., 7s. SI. per week. Lock-op Shop PADGATE LANE, low rental. HOLLY BANK, Marlborough Crescent, Cimppenhall. Southerly Import ; form bedrooms ; two entertaining am.., garden in first alma condition. Rant £36.

Cycles, Motor Cars, etc.

HOW to obtain s high-grede Coventry Cycle for 10s. —Porticolore THE Covarrnv CYCLE Boren, Co., Coventry. HORBICK, 10-12 h.p. ,• just Overhauled at • cost of £2O; Stepney wind wenn too mow Ems ; say trial; LSO or neer offer.-14, CIIIMIS or., Bele, Cheshire

Shares. FllO CAPITALISTS.—WANTRD, CAPITA LISTd 1 with lams of L 9,000 and mom, to fono • Limited CoMpony to Mimi over sad estood • VALUABLE COAL MINING COMPANY is HUNGARY, almady to working sad*,,. Enohoot prospect, nocording to ' reports of vrell-koown Ml.lag Export. SUBSI AN- TIAL PROFITS IN VIEW. Soood sod well-paying lowsstroont.—PßlNClPALS oddres• HOWARDS, 35, DRRONDA ROAD, LONDON.

L stem bovel.—Coromtica Welch AI liert,l/-; 3,29 r oat frem— Misalla Emporium, Wellinghotough basjo insadolim drug..J a Special prices.— • Redford & obasoa Tictotis rd.,Pecklism, Load 2 /ft —Twelve beautiful poet-carthany photo; 24, 4a; V cabinet., Is. Ml.—Armws, Talbot, Llantrimet.. Ijaadmade Match Cricket Balls 2.. 61 each, lead for mtalogna—listar' Central Sports Co. Nottingham 2/11 Costae.* Skirts, good clothe., all elms, color. Li &amities, Tailor, Chspel-Allerton, Ueda* Watches, Oasts Heater, UM gold approval 9/6. Chrimes,22, Alit,Orom, West Dulwich, Load. Li... like chins without polishing ironalsuadry guide stanm.—lthurroae, 64. Beachfarm rd., South.... AUNDRESSES.—ReeIpe for glaring liners, send. 2-4 IS 1d P.O. to H. T. HUTCHISSON, Moak bar, Yorks

%IV BITE Calico Ven 71 ts, 6. parcels Is lid. can, paid. DAVI is, 53, Meadow NI, Manciseekr. CUCKOO.—A few handsome Cuckoo Clocks, 30 hours, strike ; to clear, IS. Ild ..ch.—P. Lout...roan, 29, Bridge rd.. Stretford. K. I_l YPNOTISH. Postal instruction genuine, coo .1.1. Mantua, teetimonials, puticulsra—Pwrcuo, 15 Clastes et., Nelrosetle-Tra,

lIIHRORETICAL usic,liodimeota,Harmony,Courder ▪ poiot by pOO6, mod. fern— Poor. Witsow,Llunwouls Grove, Gateshead. fIRAVES' Repress Eoglish Lever Watch, 250.„ • 0...1 bargain, c.t 50a, an .w.—C. Watts, 14, Pisgah Hors rd., Broomhill, SbeMeld. 811 Wise. Character of sores* by Photo, obsoletely Woo. Is. Id. Photo retornad.—Poor. WAYS. Physiognomiet, 46, Hinckley rd, Ledoeeter. DAINTY Set of Baby's Loog Clothes, lovely Shiloh prettily trlmmed, 50 articles 215., .rrlage pied —Mr.. Coon., Cempton House, Northwlch. Qoateh Tweeds,a c.—Gents' i tinp, Lad ies' Costumes • newest designs ; any length ; patter. ; parcel. psid.—Dept. F, 111 illoroft. Tweed Cu, Hawick, Scotland 1111RECT front Loom to Wesser.—Spleodid Bolt Lecgthe 9. to 26e. ; also Overcoatings ; latest novelties ; ;meter. ft..; cowrie'. psid.—Wsav Mosso MANUFACTURING Co , Golcsr, Huddersfield. UPAINT Reedy mixed 10Ib. Ur, b. 6d. Why pay 1 more. Two tine carriage paid.—WHOLZSALI PAINT MARINGUsR, LI, Stanley at., Macclesfield. 64 PAGE BOOK, abo f; .o.ti laßoßS..._•of.H.o.wiLtOL, 1.111. N Herbalist, 144, Richmond ra Cerdllf. Established 187$ 2/6 Esch,post free.-Wooden • Weight Clocks, dsdly carved, excellent timekeepers; mentally exandoed.—Rnssatt, 39 Nortboote rd, London, S.W. !DIAN°, MI 154., Roeewood Inlaid paoel ; woad • coodltion ; hooestly worth doubt.; good too.. 1, DALLAIN LANS, Warvington. I'bRIPPINO, pure, no object' omble emell ; lar better 1/ result. than from lard and chesper; try sample Cask.—CROWTII KR, 40, Torten et., Bolton Di... Skirts to 6d cash, black, navy, color.; waist, length. BI ouse free with esch order.— PRANKS, 175, Alfred st., S Nottinghsm. VOIHOTO Enlargements and Pramee. Enlargers 20.16 R. Co.. Stretchers 26.. grose. Polp Boards.— BLINK liotte.B OFFICES, 65, Work., 79, Upper Brook mt., Manchester. Branch 452, Aelston Old rd., Openshaw.

ItyliY be Bald? Vangban'a ". Hairgrower "speedily V produces luxuriant hem Most astonishing results. Trial boo 6d.—F. SN, 30, FatlVOt Avenue, Wood Green, London, N. • p.H.0.T.0. POST CA ItDS of yourself 1.. doz. 1- catalogues and vampire free; ENLARGEMENTS (life sin) I. 3d. complete.—PnoTo Julyl Toed, Liverpool, E. rIoI.INS ire amaingly improved in tone by tales V tbe Patent Sound-conducting Bridge, matinfaction or money returned.—Send P.O. for Is 041 to W. FRAM. IS Co., 74, Lansdowne rd.. Sean Kings, Essen. 3/11. (LE‘Z.tid'el.",:a.."„hd7tadmCEbeltidd". f r"vrlinr'. el Once fo• oonditions.—Doni 'mos.. 7, Fterecli °es, Hisrems,SES IE, W. PRIZE MONEY EASILY WON. BISO-BANGS 13c., all Competition. guaranteed unduplicated efforta,3d.each, 10 percent. winnings. —ConveriTari SOLUTIONISTs, Portland sq.. PI ymouth IvALTMAN Watchee at Wholeale Prices—New end guaranteed ; 10 year cam 30a., 20 year cases 425. Old gold, jewellery, dic.,taken In exchange or purchased I for cali.-Wheater,79,Rusbol me rd.,Oxford st,Manohester BLOUSES.—Agents required by Firm with Maar, 1.1 for Sale of Silk Blouies of exceptional value direcit to wearer, dressmakers, milliners or ladle, with nany friends can add considerably to their income, no money is required from Agents before they start, but Indies who dales can haven ample sent post free for 5s —Apply THE POLE/IL Co., 32, King at London, L.C. ARE you seating married Everyone vending 6 Id. sauna to defray coat of packing, postage "Co., of our wonderful illustrated Bargain List, we will prevent abaolutely free of charge, • handful fullaixed Stag- handled sterling silver-plated Jiro Spoon ; magnificent I value. Write iromediately.—SuErriiiii CITLEOV SUPPLY Co ,25, Howard it., Sheffield.

J. & W. DUTTON, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON, TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY NEXT, MAY 9th & 10th, and following days. PRINCIPAL DISPLAY OF SUMMER FASHIONS including the Latest French Millinery Models. NEW STYLES IN COSTUMES, COATS AND SKIRTS, MANTLES, BLOUSES, etc.

A SUIT for SPRING. which pleases by its I BEAUTY OF MATERIALS STYLISH FIT I,il-s ~, PERFECT WORKMANSHIP e, I .-... r rangesthe seoafaSoun ,i t figs Y I . designed for you will specially an endless variety of tasteful designs I. 4, f and new refined colourings. Business men, who appreciate the value of dress- ing well, are taking up the beautiful Greys because they make such gentle- manly suits and become everyone. I If ,; ' The Lounge Sultsfrom la los od. if , The Chesterfield Overcoat for Spring Wear from Li 15,.. od. / . 0 BOYDELL BROTHERS Tailors, 43. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. .

QUIT and Costume Lengths from 12..; any lersgtb SO out; car. paid ; latest patters' free—Department E. WAVIMLIIII TWIIID Co., Howls* Scotland. greroderm.—Tbe beet cream for W. after shaving. Z 4 chapped hmsdikito. Soothing and antiseptic.Wooder; fully tooling. Ash 3 oor hairdresser for It, ;or post free from Jolla. Ce.,21 Charminster rd.,Bournemouth. amend Hawker• and Storekeepers.—Send for our XX special 15,, parcel of hsberdashery. Carriagepaid. Contenting oottons,tripes,laces, needier,bettoos, ormolu, soothers,oombs,fringe nets, Etc. To first 100 customers dozen ladies' hose or men's I hose free. Cash with order,Ja sr ES h C 0,12 Brooksby Walk,Homerton,Londoa. ASCRPRISING RELIWOUS DICOVERY !—The Two Saviours,' handsomely bound and illustrated 2 9 post free, explains how Joseph, in 1750 n.c., went through the *awe mysterious experiences as Jesus Christ. es satouuding similarities shed much new light on Chrintinuity. Order to-day ; only 5000 printed.— Specialities Co., 0 and 7 bliveley rut., Birminalurn.

REMNANTS.— Don't buy IttrOmanta elsewhere before calling to see our Stock of Hemostat. of Delaims, Zephyrs, Voile., Sateen., inigoos, Malin.. Print., Lawns, Cambria, Flamelettes, Shirting., Lining., Apron Checks, Drill., Cretonnes, Ac., also Pilmforea, Bloae Leagth.. Tea Cloths, Aprons, Oteralls, Towels, &a., wimple parcel. 3.., 10.., 20a., bales from £2 10a. Carriage paid, price lists post ire..— Al. ADCOCK AND Co., 24 Cannon M.., Maochftter. TV POCKETS. MEN.—THIS SHOULD SUIT YOUR POCKETS. 231 will brio. you I good rair Blue Serge Trouser., Waistcoat, or G. rd gan Jm.et. 2/Ii Extra Sum,. Tweed TTOUROTS or Waistcoat. 3/9 Heavy Cloth or Cord Lined Trousers. 2/6 Youths' Cord or Cloth Trawlers. 1/3 Bop, woo. School Kuicket. or Jermy. Semi meascrerneot sod colour. CROSBY CU/IRMO SIORKS,CR EAT CROSBY, Ll,' VRPOOL BARGAINS IN PIANOS, &c. HAINZUOIOD CASE, 6 25 0 0 STOPS, 0001) CONDITION. HARMONIUM WALNUT CASE,. STOPS, 24 0 0 GOOD CONDITION. ▪ RMONIUM - WALNUTCASE,4 STOPS. 24 0 0 lIIANBCYI BRINSMEAD. Pi BY BROADWOOD, 210 0 0 ROSEWOOD CASE. PRIV' R. ALLISON, 21.2 0 6 WALN r CASE. DIANO 1. BY BROADWOOD. 213 0 6 PIAN MY. WAGNER. 213 0 0 PA's?, HILTON & HILTON. £22 0 0 PIANBCY' GOSS& SALESIANS £2B 0 0 CIiAPPELL, FULL IRON FRAME, 228 10 0 OVER/STRUNG, 80-E. WOOD CASE, SLIGHTLY USED (SISOP SOILED). CIOLLARD & COLLARD, IL/ FULL IRON FRAME, 229 15 0 SHOP SOILED, BEST UNDERDAMPER ACTION. UROADWOOD, IF CHIPPENDALE CASE, 230 0 0 BEST UNDERDAMPER ACTION, SLIGHTLY USED. JUSTIN BROWNE, IV FULL IRON FRAME 2. 229 10 0 SHOP SOILED,SLIGHTLY USED. ALL PIANOS WARRANTED TERMS ARRANGED WADSWORTH'S, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

Now Showing NEW SUITINGS SUITStoMEASURE 28/6 to 63/. OUR SPECIALITE Indigo Blue Serge 42/6. Colour, Fit and Workmanship guaranteed. SEE OUR WINDOWS for Choice Worsted Stripes in Blue for CORONATION YEAR. Manchester Clothing Depot, 8-to BORSI.MARKET ST., Warrington. FURNITURE, CARPETS, DECORATIONS. Garnetts WARRINGTON (122 Bold Jtreat.) Established Manufact when Gem ye the Fourth was King.

THE EXAMINEIL SAITRDAY, MAY 6 1911.

THE BEST TAILORING IS THE CH 01.1lPEST. Tbe essentials of Good Tailoring are SKILFUL CUTTINO, CONSCIENTIOUS WORKIJANSHIP, RELIABLE MATERIAL Our constant aim Is to embody thew IA ree principle. in all our production. and to sell at the lowest price oonsistant with tbe mainten- ance of higb-class quality. S. PAGE AND Co. T 4, SANKEY ST., (Loon ST. COUS Elt 1.1,.T0N - - -

4 4 4ts-4>4 f _ ( - -

GARDEN ROLLER, ,ANLLsSTIoZcEKS. SPECIAL VALUE AT 27 0 Lawn Mowers ground by special machinery. Send your repairs now befor the rush. J. S. GARLAND, ;51 53, & 55, Bridge-st.. Warrington.

met

Quality Footwear For Women and Men of Taste. . To posissrs S tunthino smart or .1 surtior to one's fellows IS not /II leans possible, but the Woman Ilsn orb wears " Benefit " ill ways ham y a the knowledge that their Boo's or Shoes are distinctive and different, superior t.: other, Quality Counts. " Beter.fit 14 quality l'ootwear Public Benefit Boot Company Limited. WARRINGTON 116 & 118, Bridge Street i CIE ,cI). RUNCORN : 42, Church Street. EARLESTOWN The Metropole, Bridge Street and Market Street WIDNES : 47. Viztoria Road, 45, Widnes Road, Simms Cross.

. v . •v v v v •• • .4 New Digestions for Old I strength For debility cheerfulnes• for despondency health for .11. health such or. the good results following a course of Beecham'. Pills. If you are suffering front indigestion or any of the complaints to which it gives rise you will find the World's Family Medicine remove the trouble and restore the organs to healthy action. This, at least. has been the experience of hundreds of thousands of people who have been led to adopt it during the past three generations and there is no reason why it should not be your experience, also. Dyspepsia. fiver and kidney derangements, biliimmess, headarhes, sickness, constip- ation are some of the many disorders from which you may find relief After Taking BEEcHAm,s PILLS. Sold everywhere in boxes. price 1,1 (56 pills) & 29 1168 • • •

In the Spring

EVEN THE MOST HEALTHY are subject to skin eruptions, impure blood, stomach disorders, biliousness, and low vitality. The lack of out-door exercise, the fog, cold and damp, the sudden changes of weather, all help to weaken and debilitate the organs of digestion and excretion—the stomach, liver, kidneys and bowels—so that they fail to do their work properly. In the spring-time, therefore, nearly tll men and women need a little medicine, and for toning up and stra eiu th ryll.—"a f-7-7.4lSyillg the system, and purifying the blood, no remedy is so sure or so wellet.mmended as the herbal tonic, Mother Seigers Syrup. In the spring-tr.' „- NEED THE TONIC 86 BLOOD PURIFIER Mother Seigel's Syrup. It aids digestion, makes food nourish you; and builds health on sound digestion. Mr. W. Palmer, 26, Alfred Terrace, Wharf Street, Leicester, writes: "My appetite left me, and food would cause me so much pain in my stomach that sometimes I was bent double. I was also very constipated. But my five years' illness ~vas terminated by Mother Seigel's Syrup, rmel T !‘....1%, enjoy the good health -.4 my youtb."—Novetnber 26, 1910. MOTHER sEIGELs SYRUP The 216 bottle contains three times as much as the 1111 size, Sold also in tablet form, price 2/9.

Do your Eyes Trouble You? Do things ever seem to grow mist', ani blurred y Thts ts a warntog of BYestram and you should have your eyes tested Neglect can only add to the trouble. Be our scientsfic testa wc could tell a you need Glasses, and in that case auoolv those which would give the Usage, passable benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER & SONS Evesicht Specialists. 73r LORD STREET Bath. I nehl LIVERPOOL

OF PRECISION / -11 •VV AND QUALITY AP, Ak. LIKE THOSE MADE BY • , , J. W. BENSON, LTD., .- . , ARE A PURCHASE FOR A LIFETIME. ' ' . . ' BENSON"S WATCHES contain Intprt- - .„. , ./. - „ 1 I ,': ,:ne:;filinreccp ~ocnncsi iurceingtig et! p'ai uAdcticcuhra scjle.o, 1 r-ibeghtlite.. -s 41 -'...—. - main features in Watch work, and no other film ~ i ~., •^• can equal than. . THE 11110 KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER" .. , FOR LADIES. . . . ' 4 v4A / . . - - ,c,/ .7 ~.,_J! f' , ' In /17. a. Gold, Ctystal Glass -, t ~e-•\i‘. Cases, £lO. THE "BANK" WATCH ' L ~ , ------e- „,.._. . , , _ . . , Best London Made Keyless' ,.,-4-I';', ,i. English Lever, in Sterling Si!. '., '----.7ie i •‘;l,, '''../ - ver, Crystal Glass Cases, £5. -', Nit!, '-';‘, ' • , Or Half Hunting Cases, £6 .-- . ' ~ ..." - A 10 I\s„. • _______ .- ~ ~ s 4 . .-- (as illustrated). :- . . , 18-cl. Gold Cases, Crystal Glass, £l5. / They are sold at strictly Moderate Prices ; = ! WI • for Cash, or on ache cinms" System of " MONTHLY PAYMENTS of 101. \ and upwards. \ t. Owners write that the "FIELD," " LEI& , • ''. '''' IV "'L .1• /1./ ' •, , ..._ ..st ,t‘''' • 7 i GATE," and "BANK" Watches are of "INCOMPARABLE EXCELLENCE." I SELECTIONS W[l.l. BE SENT TO INTENDING THE 16 LUDGATE" WATCH I BUYERS AT 01 It RISK AND EXCI•27SE. London Made English Lever, in 1 • Silver, Ct ystal Glass Cases, £5 ss. I I Illustrated Books Par rizz. In 18-cl. Gold Cases, El 2 128. I N 0.1,4 Watelow. (nm o 5.".n.,1 %nine. Self- Fitting Windt 11r:we've., A Jew 4 ellery. J . W. BENSON, No. 2. of Clock., . Empire " Plate. A In- LTD., 4 expenstve Silver I ;0.04 6 or Presoits. • Mention Iln,. pap, 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, I -4 LONDON, E.C. wl/40•0•04

I(EATING'S POWDER TINS KILLS 193° BEETLES 69V-

IFurni Te• shing Problem -Solved.- HOW can I increase the pur- chasing power of every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture? The soletion of that problem will be found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic, sturdily-built furniture, our perfect manufacturing and se ling organisation enables us to quote prices that are much below those charged elsewhere for the same articles. Nu matter whether you 1 Furnish for Cash 0.•-.0.-- Convenient Paument Sustem your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth noting. w. allow 2 • L”1".• A discount for Ca•le Paymantr con be arianged td suit Lod onv,i convenienne. No objet tionable agreereente to .in. Every Arucle manufactured under onr own direct contort and supervision. We pay carriage to ell parts. Goods deliverer: in Private Vans, Every Furnishing Requisite supplied. C.v.! Value and ‘al I,fied Custornm *root. for the phenomenal ardotb of our business. Guarantee. article that does no: give absolute satisfaction. PFr Write or Gall Co. Catalogue "lel _ GLOBE [.. --Furnishing Co. 1 ll- fr- Gun., r. l'. , • - • - PEMPBLRAOKEE, L 0 iverpool - - ---
