===== 0002601_19111125_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W. P. HARTLEY'S Candied Peel

===== 0002601_19111125_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
IMbillMMMEmommemmommimmENl

11114 °tilt I,X*L4I (1504

No. 1610 PENNY

SATURDILY, NOVEMBER 25, 1911.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTHRACITE STOVES.

Iter,

By pou 1 Ic7lcl.por Quarterk 801.1ser Annus Ild.perQuartsr credit.

B. CUNNINGHAM, 29, FROGHALL LANE, BARRINGTON. BREWER'S AGENT AND ROTI'LER OF Ortioness's Stout, Bass's Pale Al., Rass's No.l Strong Al., Worthington's and Allsopp's Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley'. and Mack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAOSIL Bela IN 80171.1.

ALSO MANUIPACTURZRI3 01 HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. Telephone 79.

MANCHESTER ATTEND

9 EGYPT STREET.

WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to T

Brioche@ at

NORTH WICH, WINSFORD mid

MIDDLEWICH (See Local Papers).

X TO £5.000 LENT DAILY c/ ON THESE TERMS for agreed period E 5 loan, Repay £5 1016 £25 loan, Repay £27 10a. £lO „ Ell £3O „ „ £33 £l5 „ „ £l6 10s. I £5O „ „ £55 £2O „ „ £22 I £lOO „ £llO No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special atteatioa applif.aal.a frorn tbiadia.t.rict.

'CHARLES PAIKIN, 119, BRUNSWICK ST..O X FORD /ID., Ilf ANCHESTER; I and at 19, WITTON ST., (over Bradles'e Clothing Shop) I NORTH WICH.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH TEETH TEETH TEETH TEETH TEETH TEETH TEETH TEETH

===== 0002601_19111125_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INEMIIMIiiiii

===== 0002601_19111125_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD

JOURNALIST.

THE SWEDENBORGIANS. A cat may look at a King, and a lucre -tyro in such matters way at least question a theological expert ; therefore when the Rev. W. 11. Claxton came from Bolton to Warrington to enlighten us respecting "The Writings" of the immortal Swede whose devoted dis- ciple he is, I ventured to submit to him a certain difficulty arising out of the subject. This the rev.l gentleman was good enough to deal with at length in I last week's" Examiner," and lam much obliged to him for the pains he has been at. The facts which he has taken the trouble to compile for my especial I instruction are of considerable interest and value, but, although relevant as far as they go, to toy mind they leave the main issue pretty much as it was. To engage in prolonged controversy upon such a point as is here raised wculd be to abuse the editor's hospitality ; but I crave one more word before I pass to " the order of the day." Whether or not the work in which Sweden- borg refers to the state of the Psalmist David and the Apostle Paul in the life beyond was intended for publication seems to me be-ide the question. As to the former, I do not care at all if the spirit supposed to have been that of David was an impersonation : so I may disregard the quotation from the work cf the Rev. Ge rge Bush. What I am really concerned about is that Swedenborg should have represented St. Paul as con- sorting with evil spirits; and that Mr. Clayton and other New Church IT inisters should be so loth to let go the diary which contains these extraordinary entries. I may not enlarge upon or add to what I have written, feeble and inadequate as it may be deemed. l'or myself, however, to he quite candid : I have no use for a religious system which admits of even the bare possibility of uncertainty in relation to the eternal destiny of the great apostle of the Gentiles. Surely the Saviour who, with the assurance that he should that day be with Him in Paradise, cheered the penitent one of two malefactors between whom be was crucified, would not everlastingly condemn his faithful servant Paul! ESPERANTO.

ir week ago I prcmised to dip into a text book c the new international language, and to give the result in this column. My daughter and I together took Helen Fryer's "Teacher," and " swotted " at it for three or four evenings. Then, laying aside the book and making up my mind not to refer to that or any other authority, I wrote to the younger student— Kara Esperantisto,- Ni voles at vi coolie felica return° de Is tago. Kiln atno. Gepatrt j." The signa- ture is a joint one, my wife being associated with the message. I have no doubt that, even if the compositor be equal to the occasion and the proof-reader survive the shock, Warrington Esperantists will discover many faults in my elementary effott. For that I am prepared, and care not in the least for one could not fall into gentler bands. Here, however, is my point; not only was my shoit and simple message easily read and understocd by the one to whom it was addressed ; it wcu'd have been equally comprehensible by one of- any other nation or tongue who had devoted a few hours to examination of the " Novo lingvo." H that be so—and deny it who can—is it not very significant? THAT UMBRELLA. "Only one - one umbrella have I got; only one— just enough; don't want a lot. I visited Friend Jones and saw two splendid g,amps behind his door. When I had gone he said "Oh, I.or, there's only one !" So, on after that fashion (I quote from memory) ran a song which had a certain vogue perhaps a score years ago Jokes innumerable have been made upon the some subject befoie and since. Where would the profes- sional humorist be but for his mother-in-law, his cheese, the lodger, and, above all, his umbrella? According to that easy moralist, nobody ever thinks of returning a borrowed umbrella, and none have any scruples about stealing one. To be sure, it ought not to be described as theft—" convey, the wise it call." Yet here we have the manager of the Royal Court Theatre, through the medium of an advertisement, notifying the unauthorised dis- appearance of a " brolly" from that popular place of entertainment, and actually requesting the holder to send it back. " Kindly return same" quotha ! Surely this is the " simple faith " that is better—ever so much better—than "Norman blood." For myself, after all, I should not be surprised to hear that the umbrella which went astray on the Thursday night of the " Whip" performance weie once more revising in the bosom of its family, so to express it; for, look you, some time in the last century, I spent an evening at a diarama (a once attractive form of entertainment which the animated pictures have elbowed into oblivion), left any umbrella behind me. and, missing it four days afterwards, recovered it and bore it thence in tiiumph. THE LATE WILSON BARRETT. In his personal impressions of " Richard le Galliene," Alderman Bennett incidentally referred to " the great tragedian WilFolll Barrett." The latter was strongly attached to Halifax, in the West Riding, his mother being buried there. Before he became an actor-manager—while, indeed, be was comparatively unknown—l often saw him and his wife tad his brother perform in the old Theatre Royal there. On a memorable Saturday night, some 40 years ago, I saw Wilson Barrett in " The Bells" and ' The Corsican Brothers," and I did not sleep very well after it. As for his gifted wife, who died at the height of her powers, Miss Heath played the principal part in "East Lynne " so realistically that it generally made her ill ; and her patrons —well, it was awful, or so I found it. Once on such an occasion I acted as escort to a young lady who had read the book and very much wished to see the play. In the midst of the agony, my companion turned to me and sobbed" Is-is-isn't it ni-i-ce ? " What could I say ? I replied " Yes, er that is, you know why-er for those who like this sort of thing—well, of course it's the sort of thing they like." Perhaps it was excusable in the peculiar circumstances ; anyhow, I was then a young man. I alluded to the great tragedian's brother. Do any of my older readers remember George Et.ntrett ? I have seen and admired him as clown in pantomine—old style, of course. He was a clever comedian, and, although he never really achieved fame, he would undoubtedly have made his mark in these days. LAZY HUSBAND'S DESERTS.

At the period of which I have just written, such condnct as was revealed at Lymm Petty Sessions last week, and :3 rather frequently the subject of investi- gation in our local police courts, would not have been long tolerated by the habitual offender's own mates. At that time, the bellman was an institution, and he would be sent round publicly to expose and decry an erring husband. More than that, when a married man so far lost his self-respect and forgot what was due to his help-meet as to set off drinking and then beat his wife, his fellows would band themselves b•gether, fasten him on a handcart, and, with misdeeds writ large upon a board, run him round the main thoroughfares amid the jeers and taunts of a hcstile crowd. That is how a former generation sought to" make the punishment fit the came "—and in some cases, like the ancient stooks, it .ras a more effectual way than the regular legal process.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOLY LANI,.

A well known local vicar has lately toured Egypt ' and the Holy land. and I understand and I can well , believe that he had a good and enviable time. Not so a humble friend of mine who was one of a band of English and American pilgrims on a " personally conducted " visit to Palestine a few years ago. lam ' not sure that he has even yet unite recovered from the effecta of the diet especially; and he seems to have been scared well nigh to death into the bargain. First a working collier in the neighbourhood of Ashton, and DOW kgeneral dealer in another part of Lancashire, and all along an enthusiastic Sunday school man, he carefully boarded his spare cash until the tour upon which his heart was set became possible. And he enjoyed it exceedingly—in a sense. Certainly he did not at all like the way in which bia native charioteer handled the ribbons; that individual's driving would appear to be still too much like unto that ofJelm, the non of Nimbi, of old, for he regarded neither the vehicle ef which he had charge nor the passengers it carried, and, the roads being rough, his recklessness was disquieting. Moreover, the bread of the country was so sour that it affected the Lancashire man's health, and be well nigh broke down. It is co be borne in mind that this was necessarily a cheap excursion—cheap and nasty. Ihe Rev. W. Bracecamp travelled under different conditions, and has quite a different story to tell. 1 THE PSALM OF LIFE. , Presiding at the distribution of prizes and certifi- cates at Holy Trinity branch technical school, Mrs. I C. Jackson Holmes took occasion to commend Long- fellow's" Psalm of Life." I was somehow reminded I of a parody which I met with more than 30 years t ago. I recollect that one verse went something like . this :

" Lives of grocery men remind its They may make their starch half lime, And with sugar wholly blind us, Putting sand in all the time !" EDUCATION. At a similar function at the Gymnasium, Mr. Holman Kingdom made us.e of Aristotle's definition of education. Education has also been defined as the training of the human faculties so that they may correspond with the law of progress by which man- kind is advancing to its highest enjoyment of life. I take it that few of those taking part in the interesting local gatherings now referred to will object to this ; but what will they say of the view taken by Mr. A. C. Benson, a while ago and expressed in the" Academy" than:—" We have somehow got into our heads that everyone has an inalienable right to be educated, but we are still in the dark as to the objects of education; instead cf thinking it is a process which ought to end in making men and women more simpleonore &intent, more happy, we had a vague idea that it will enable us to retain our commercial superiority and to keep ahead of America and Germany." No doubt a good deal might be said on both sides. Emphatically and pre-eminently it is a bread.and-butter question at the same time it is, or ought to be, something higher I and nobler than that.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
NO CHANGE FOR THREE YEARS.

Earlestown Incident.

For years the Earlestonm opinion repeated here has remained unchanged. Indeed, a three years' test has served but to render it more full of encouragement than ever. _

Mr. Henry Griffiths, of 48, Vitriol Square, Earles- town, says :—" I have used Doan's pills on seve,al occasions when I have caught cold in my kidneys; and the medicine always does me god. I am snsceptible to backache—every cold goes to my back, and the consequence is I get darting pains in my kidneys, the urinary systim is affected, too, the secretions being thick and scalding. Doan's pills, however, always clear the secretions, and ease the pain in my back. "I am pleased to recommend the pills, and always do if I hear of anyone complaining of backache. "You have my permission to publish what I have said for the benefit of others. (Signed) Henry Griffiths."

" I have kept very well indeed," 83id Mr. Griffiths nearly four years later, "since I gave my testimonial for Doan's backache kidney pills. They did me great good, and the benefit I received from them has been lasting. 2s. 9.1. a box, six boxes 13s. 9d.; of all dealer.. Ask for floan's backache kidney pills, like Mr. Griffiths had.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
DOMESTICS AND THE INSURANCE BILL.

Madam, do you keep a servant? If so, you probably pay her during illness, at any rate during stort ill- nesses, and you pay for her doctor. But what about a permanent breakdown, or long continued illness. The very rich often pension broken-down servants, possibly you cannot afford to ; but if your servant does break down, either you must provide for her, or you will always feel uncomfortable about it. This is where the Insurance Bill comes in. For 2d. a week it Lkes the respensibility off you and provides for the maid, if necessary for life; it also provides free doctor. - . .. .

Look through the housekeeping accounts and see what doctor's visits to the maid have cost you; unless you are most fortunate you will find that the doctor has cost you more than 10s. 10J. a year, or 2.1 d a week. So that you get your maid insured against consumption long. sickness or permanent breakdown without its costing you one penny piece. If you like to pay another half-penny a week, the Insurance will be , extended to cover sick pay in short illnesses, but that Is for you to decide. This Insurancs Bill will Iws an actual saving to you : hut what about your servant ? She has provision for breakdown guaranteed, and not dependent only on the good will or means of her employer : sickpay, disablement, and free doctor and hospital for life ; and she pays only 2d. a week for that. If she pays 3d. she gets in return double pay- ment when sick—whatever wages you give her and is. 6d, benefit as well, and she remains Insured when she leaves your service to get married or retire. A servant retiring at the age of 57, can remain insured for life without paying any further contribution. You ran find in every Workhouse, old servants for whom their employers could not or would not provide, It would be shameful, when the Bill is taking every other regular worker out of the reach of the Poor Law, to leave domestic servants uninsured in peril of work- house degradation for themselves and liable at any moment to bec( me a burden on the rates. Both mistresses and servants should support the Bill,

===== 0002601_19111125_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
PUBLICAN'S TRAGIC FIND.

4n inquest was held at Runcorn on Wednesday, on Peter Johnsen (60,0 f Cooper-street. Thomas Anderton, licensee of the New Inn, said that the decea3ed had a small whisky at his house at 9 p.m. on Monday. lie complained of a slight pain near his heart, and said he would go home early, as he did not feel very well. The next mornieg witness went into the yard attached to his premises, and found the deceased in an outhouse dead. Dr. kdDonnell said the deceased must have been dead six or seven heurs when found. Death wm due to a clot of blood having formed in the heart, and would come quite suddenly and painless.—The jury returned &verdict of" Death from syncope."

1 t 33 i You will really enjoy the cocoa with the ---- 1 1 Rowntree Flavour iiMAKERS TO H M THE KING t 4,a4, Try it! J ........0.• ......_21.i

lion a ith that land oL busineas. Men who were paid insufficient salaries were under great temptations. And abet a temptation it would be to a man receiving £223 a year, who was perhaps worth four times that amount and who had a family to bring up in a way befitting a . . . . .

v gentleman ! The scheme was not worth looking IL Any manly sant of man, any true-hearted business-man would never condescend to drag into the mire a gentle man qualified to perform the duties of an architect. Mr. JOLLKY said the Sites said Buildings Committee had now realized that their p ahoy in deliberately din- penning with the services of a clerk of works in the erection of a certain school, was a mistaken one. He would, however, like to emphasize the fact thlt last time they had at clerk of works—in connection with Beamont and Bolton schools—they considered his ger- ..

vices %ere worth £3 10s. a week, which was not too

heavy 'a's—remuneration for a mtUs occupying that responsible position. They proposed to offer an architect £2OO a year to be architect and clerk of works. They considered they were thus going to get the services of an architect for an additional Rl', a year.

The whole thing was preposterous. He ventured to any as plainly as he could, that the committee would be justly held up to public derision and contempt if they allowed a proposal of that kind to go forth with their .sanction. They ought to make it clear that, no far as they bad any noire in the matter, they ware not going to have any of the methods of the sweater or the jerry- builder in their work. Whatever others might do, they were not going to be • gang of municipal knobsticks— and that was what it would amount to if they adopted I the report. I Mr. UPSON asked whether the members of the Sites , and Buildings Committee bad nothing to say in support lof their scheme. The figures presented were extra- ordinary, but no attempt bad been made to show in what way they were illusory. If the opposition to the scheme rested largely upon the low salary which it was proposed to offer to the architect, he (the speaker) would say that if they gave a man £5OO and the figures submitted by the committee were correct, they would still shows saving upon their present method. Councillor PEMBERTON said the Sites and Buildings Committee had spent a great deal of time on the question. In their simplicity—(laughter)—they thought they were going to save money for the ratepayers. It would appear, however, that money was no object. He felt rather disgusted. The want of practical, every-day knowledge on the part of those who had already spoken was simply appalling. The Board of Works—the build- ing department of the Government—employed its own architects. (A Von t: : "Not at £2OO a year Some of them received no more than that. They did not always buy the best braids with the biggest salary. Unfortunately some of the greatest talent was miserably paid. It was one of the results of educating great mosses of people and it would have to be faced in the future. The Board of Education had sent out a recom- mendation that education authorities should employ architects directly. It would therefore be an well if some members of the committee attacked the Govern- ment and its permanent departments. The Cheshire County Council employed its own permanent arobitem. The CHAIRMAN : \Vhat do they pay him ?-22,000 a year standing retainer and a commission of 5 per cent and 23 per cent on every school he builds. Councillor PEMBERTON : He has not to build four schools. He is responsible for the whole of Cheshire. Continuing, he said one member had spoken passion- ately about the degradation of an architect accepting a position under the Borough Surveyor. What a terrible position ! The Borough Surveyor had been an architect for aomething like fifty years, he had carried out most important work, and he received £7OO a year. If it was degrading to accept a position under him, at £225 a year, he (the speaker) did not know what things were coming to. The suggestion that a man receiving only that amount could not be honest was absolutely ridiculous. Thousands of professional men received . .

to get matters settled in that department. Having pointedimt that the committee would not supply the new architect with any materials or assistance to carry out his work and that they placed upon him the laborious task of ma ling the whole of the detailed drawings he Chairman said the scheme was nothing ' more or less than a very ill-considered attempt to secure what appeared to be economy on an absolutely false basis. It could only lead to disaster, if followed oat. He sincerely hoped the committee would send the resolution back with such s majority as would make these repeated attempts at tinkering with perfectly legitimate and proper commissions impossible for many yr are to come. Mr. FAIRCLOCGII, in replying to the discussion, said the Sites and Buildings Committee thought they would get better value for money if they bad an architect of their own. In the past they had been criticised for spending too much money on schools. The reason why , it Wes proposed that the architect should be accom- modated in the Borough Surveyor's department WU that the various requisites would be provided there. They Intended that the architect should be directly responsible to the Committee. The new scheme would mean a considerable saving to the town, but there would be no black-leg labour. If they could not get a good man for £2OO they could allord to pay £3OO and still have a considerable margin. On a vote being taken the amendment was carried by 19 to I, the scheme therefore being rejected.

les—S.—Whai about Post Office and bank clerks e Were they not honest? It was a most outrageous statement to make. CoMnillOt JENKINS : I made no such statement at all.

Councillor PEMBERTON : TOO said" how can you expect a man to go straight. There are certain ways of gettirg at him and he might receive certain things." Councillor JENKINS : I sever uttered any such words. Councillor PEMBERTON : What did they imply— that there was a temptation to do it. CoUnoillOr JENK/NS : I repeat that with pleasure. Councillor PEMBERTON : I was putting it straighter. I did not want to exaggerate. Councillor JcsKiss : Too are a greater play actor than I am. (Laughter). Councillor PEMBERTON said there was no reason why

the committees proposal should prove " cheap ana nasty." The schools were, to a certain extent, bound to be a repetition and it would not require a great genius to build them. They had not the rates to erect beautiful palaces of education like Alderman Bennett would like to see. Even a Sir Christopher Wren would not be able to do a great deal with limited capital. They wanted buildinfs that would be healthy and substantial—not archttectual works of art—and the work would therefore be of an elementary character. The recommendation of the Sites and Buildings Committee was unanimously carried when nine or ten members were present. Mr. JOLLEY : So much the worse. Councillor PEINI BERTON said he supported to minutes because under the scheme they would base better work, better supervision at a great deal less expense to the ratepayers, and altogether the cosnmittee would be much better satisfied with the schools when they were built.

Councillor BOOTLE, svu of opinion that if the coin- mittee's proposals were carried out, they would have ' worse work and more difficulties to contend with. The Borough Surveyors office was already too congested and it was ridicnlons to expect an architect to come and ' be under the orders of the Borough Surveyor. Why did not the committee carry their ideas to their logical con elusion and employ their OWD builders, painters and decorators? Councillor JACKSON HOLMES said that since attend- ing the meeting of the committee he had had various points of view placed before him and he could not see his way to support the scheme. Councillor II ENSHALL said it was not primarily on the ground of economy that the scheme was brought forward. It arose through dissatisfaction that was spread over a number of years. Were the members who opposed the scheme doing so on account of the proposed salary or was their opposition to the scheme at any price ? (" No.") Then why did not the amendment express the intentions of those who supported it? The CHAIRMAN: It would not be competent to put an amendment in that form. Councillor HENSHALL said he was always delighted to hear the tirades of Alderman Bennett, which were interesting, amusing and most misleading. (Laughter). The alderman was like a certain French king, in that he forgot nothing and learnt nothing. (Laughter). He was constant!) assailing the wretched jury builder and the lack of imagination in the district, but although he had been reminded again and again of the unique opportunities of the society of which be was a useful and ornamental member—(latighcer)—they put up houses which were a disgrace to civilization. (Laughter). Let those who wanted to see the latest thing in palaces take the car to Sankey Bridges— The CHAIRMAN : I don't think that is quite relevant to else subject under discussion. (Laughter.) Councillor HID:SHALL : No, I don't think it is. (Laughter). But it is as relevant as Alderman Bennett's. (Laughter.) Alderman Bennett should have addressed himself to the facts of the case instead of making a general tirade and picturesque appeal which has its foundations and its roof in the air, not on the earth, (Laughter.) Continuing, Councillor Hensball pointed out that the scheme was an experiment, and if members took exception to the amount of salary or the fact that the architect 'would be accommodated in the Borough Surveyor's department, they could remedy those points. But why oppose the whole scheme? Those who had brought it forward sheuld be credited with some rudimentary ideas of business. Their great desire was to secure a sense of intimate relationship with their own architect, to have a man whom they could consult at any time. At present they felt there was a sense of remoteness. The MAYOR said he felt the great responsibility which rested upon the Council to keep the rates down' bet his principles were" efficiency with economy.' There had been no proof of inefficiency in the present method, or he should have been inclined to vote for the minutes. On the grounds mentioned by Councillor Jenkins and others, he thought it was better to haves special professional adviser for the time being for each school. If it had been shown that the new scheme meant more efficiency with economy, be wan so anxious that the rates should be low, that he should have voted for it. The rates were getting very high no high as to be prohibitive to trades. Mr G WALKER Bald that althongh the committee had paid well, they had not always secured the efficiency which they desired. He was not particular whether the salary was £250 or £.500, no long as the committee were in direct touch with the architect. In the past they bad not had sufficient freedom with regard to the alteration of plans. It was • great mistake to suppose that the more they spent, the greater would be the efficiency, It would also boa wrong principle to con- fine competition to local architects. Alderman SNIEEHURST esid the scheme was nothing but an attempt to pull down people who helped to pay • the rates of the town. Eighteen months ago an • attempt was made to" diddle" the architects out of their commission, but no local architect would compete on the new lines. Mr. I:PSON said he wanted to support the scheme bat could not at the present low figllll4 The whole weight of the criticism seemed to be directed against the salary. (" No.") 1 The CHA lIIMAN pointed oat that the resolution of the v‘Sites nod Buildiogs Committee would not allow the • committee to get into touch with its own architect. It teas only proposed to appoint an assistant architect to the Borough Surveyor and therefore the person appointed would be directly under the control of the Surveyor and form one of his stall. The committee would be no better oil than at present. Mr. FeIRCLOUGH It nays that the architect shall be directly respousible to the committee. Its CHAIRMAN said he objected very strongly to say additional work and responsibility being placed on the Borough Surveyor's Department. It was already overcrowded with work and had not sufficient. room. The Education Committee would therefore have to wait considerably in excess of a reasonable time

===== 0002601_19111125_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ARCHITECT.

EDUCATION COMMITTEE DECLINES TO CREATE NEW OFFICE.

"No Sweating or Jerry-Building."

The most important debate at the meeting of the Warrington Education Committee waged to end the proposal of the Sites and Buildings Committee to appoint 'school architect to design and superintend the erection of new Council schools instead of throwing each scheme open to competition. The meeting was presided over by Councillor li Roberts and there weir also present :—lttir A J Jolley (deputy-chairman), the Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph), Aldermen J Smethurst and A Bennett, Couocillors T Births, C Jackson Holmes, .1 Pemberton, W J Wilson, J Dickenson, R Hones/ill, W H J Jenkins, 'l' 9 easel, Revs Canon Stevenson, J Davies and N Wilson. Mrs C Jackson Holmes, Messrs C S Burgess, C E l'arker, R T Fair- dough, J Chattier', E Plington, H Riverton, J Upson, a Walker, C It linsworth, F II Roberts, .1 Moore Murray (director of education), R B Roberts (assiatant director), and J Fairhurst (borough treasurer). The Sites end Buildings Committee recommended that an advertisement be issued for an architectural assistant to the surveyor to the committee, to be appointed to design (bet not prepare the quantities) and act as clerk of works during the erection of the four contemplated new schools, to be directly respons- ible to the committee, to devote his whole time to their servicee. and to be accommodated ie the Surveyor's department ; the commencing salary to heat the rate of .C2OO per annum, all maple:tents to be between the erre. of 'l5 sod 50 years. The four proposal new schools should be completed within the next six yeareand it was understood that the architect's services would terminete on the completion of the work. If the new schools were se'd for on the same lines as the Boamont and Bolton schools, the architect's fees for desigus and quantities would arnount to £3,909 land the clerk of work's fees to £B9l. If the recommend. ation of the Committee core approved and a loan sanctioned, the annual repayment of sinking fund and interest is rcepect of the new at:hoots would be £ll2 as compered with £267 Han architect in private praotioe and a clerk of works were employed, and the total amount repaid in thirty years would be £3,960 as against £e,olo—a difference of £1,650. Assuming for the moment that the Local Government Board would not sanction the payment of the architect by means of a loan and that consequently the money would be psid out of revenue, the cost to the Committee for six sears , would be about the same as if the Committee proceeded I on the old method, but there would be as aving during , the remaining 24 years of £267 per annum, ova total of £6,408. The Committee wished to mention that there were other considerations besides the financial ones, and they would refer the members of the Education Committee to that part of the report of the Board of Education on the coat of school buildings which dealt with the results of the direct employment of architects by Local Authorities. IA letter signed by thy architects practising In War- rington had been addressed to the Education Com- mittee. The signatories laid arose on the accumulated I experience of many pheses of building work which the architect in geoeral could not uphold, either from the point of slew of experiecoe or economy in working ; and they ventured to tuggest to the Committee that they should, as in the cases of the Beamont and Bolton Council Schools, submit their schemes to local competition, on the lines laid down by the Royal kali. tut* of British Architects. Mr. R. T. FAIR. LOUGH, in moving the adoption of the minutes, said the committee had for some time been considering the best way in which they could carry on the work of school building. At one new school they had an architect and a clerk of works. Twelve months after the erection of the school they found it bad not been built according to speciftcation. The builder, however, was only to be held responsible for anything that occurred within six months of the completion of the contracts ; the Town Clera advised that they could not get at the architect, and it was no use going to the clerk of worke. The committee naturaily felt very much annoyed about it. They resolved upon another scheme to make the architects responsible, tut the Board of Education now recom- mended the direct employment of architects by local authorities. Hitherto the Education Committee had never psid anything for the services of the Borough Surveyor and his staff. That ought not to be. They ought to bear their fair share. If they appointed an architect, they thought ha would be able to take up the work that was now being paid for in some other department. Councillor HD:SHALL seconded the adoption of the minutes. . .

--- Alderman BENNETT moved an amendment that the report of the sub-committee be not adopted. He con- tended that the figures which had been submitted were very illusory. Even if they got an architeat on that cheap-Jack principle which seemed to commend itself to some of the members, the cost would inevitably be more than the committee anticipated, because they appeared to have lost sight of other necessary expenses that would arise. He hoped the committee would not be led away merely by the fact that there appeared, on the face of it, to be a considerable saving. There were some gentlemen who would vote for anything on God's earth if it only seemed to show an apparent saving—whether it was a wise policy or otherwise. The real consideration, however, ought to be: Were they getting value for mosey? They might save a few hundreds, or even thousands, and still be worse off in the long run. He was inclined to think that would be the probable result of the proposed new method. The figures looked very impressive but he did not think they would hold water and, if all the pros and cons were put together in a fair and reasonable way, they would find that the economy was more apparent than real. There were, however, other points to be borne in mind. First there was the feeling they ought to enrry into municipal life of doing something like justice to people who paid rates in the towa and had to get their living in it. They ought to give some con- sideration to their local architects. They had not much chance nowadays of building anything very noble and many of them must feel keenly within their ambitious bosoms &desire to do something worthy of their high professson and of their abilities. If they did not give them the opportunity of competing for the schools the authorities would probably !gradually take other things from their purview, and they would have little else to which to devote their httention hot the erection of eternal rows of cottages, with hideous excresences and backyards, and a little red and yellow brick as the only attempt at colour and imagination. (Laughter.) He did not think that in the long run the committee would get the buildings most suitable for the purpose they tied in view if they adopted the proposed cheese-paring and parsimonious method. The black-legging idea— paying less than the market price—was considered highly improper in the labour world, and he did not think the Education Committee ought to have a lower ideal than the leaders of the great trade unions. They ought to be prepared to pay their architects proper fees for proper work, lie did not want futile extravagance, but dignity and decency, and the best obtainable at a reasonable cost. If it bad been pro- posed to establish a new municipal department and a borough architect to deal with tho whole of the Corporation's architectural work at a salary commen- surate with its importance, providing proper appliances and staff, there would have been something to say for it. He was not sure whether, in spite of the local architects, he would not be in favour of that, for they would all have a chance of competing. He did not think any local architects would think of competing for the position of school architect at the salary offered If the committee went outside they might, by a stroke of good luck, get a genius, but the chances were that they would get mediocrity and the schools would suffer As a mere matter of pounds, shillings and penoe, they would not be much the gainers, and from the point of view of public utility and artistic taste they would be much the losers. Mr. F. It. ROBERTS seconded the amendment. Mr. C. 11. UNSWORTIL said he did not like the principle of cresting no many public offices. It wanes easy matter to create one but very difficult to abolish one. (Hear, bear.) Although the sub-committee seemed to think that at the end of six years they would be able to dispense with the new official, his experience was to the contrary. Councillor JENKINS, in supporting the amendment, characterised the proposed cbarge as an attempt to drag the professional man into the gutter. There were too many of such attempts in these days, and every right minded professional man ought to treat them with scorn. The proposed new official was to be an assistant to the borough surveyor. What a position in which to place a professional man. an architect of any standing. He contended that the proposition was contemptible and degrading to any architect worthy of a moment's notice. Not only bad the architect to design the schools, but to act as clerk of works. Could anything be more contemptible than that? What a temptation it was to a man who found himself in such an ignominious position, to hold both hands. There was sufficient of that already, in connec-

===== 0002601_19111125_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

LIBERALS INTRODUCE MANHOOD SUFFRAGE.

Considerable interest was taken in the debate on the Electoral Reform Bill, introduced by the Prime Minister (Nlr. E. Wynne Jones) at the weekly meeting of the Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society on Tuesday evening. The measure, which was published in last week's "Examiner," proposes to establish manhood suffrage, to abolish plural voting, to fix one day on which all elections shall be hold, to close all licensed houses on general election days, to arrange a sysom of transferable voting, and to provide for a re-dis- tribution of seats throughout the United Kingdom. In the event of there being more than two candidates for one Parliamentary seat each elector will be given the power of indicating to which candidate he desires his vote to be transferred if the candidate of his first choice is third or lower on the poll, provided no candidate Ina a majority of the votes cast. Electors will be compelled to walk to the polls. The Bill prohibits canvassing, providi 8 for the State piyment of returning officer's expenses, and limits a candidate's personal expenses to £n)00, the amount to be computed from a date at least six months prior to the date of the election. Any candidate who spends either by himself or by any organisation working on his behalf above £5OO is to he unseated. The PRIME MINISTER said the measure would involve the gr.test exteneion of the franchise since 1530. It would make citizenship the one qualification for the vote and would simplify the system of regietration. Recent events had made a reform of the electoral system absolutely necessary. They had seen thousands of peop'e disfranchised through some subtle legal point and that was sufficient plea of urgency for the measure. Two amendments—one of them very far-reaching—had teen put in and they would be left an open question for the House. Every man had a right to share in the Government of the nation. If he did not pay rates and tales, he contributed to the national wealth by his labour. The granting of manhood suffrage world knit together the various sections of the community rather than divide them. With the passing of the Bill legislation would become wider, more just and more beneficent. The increase of the electorate under the Bill as at present drafted would be 3,000,000. He maintained that the young men they proposed to enfranchise were among the most intelligent and attractive members of the community. The conferring of the rights of citizenship would produce an increased sense of responsibility. In future the vote would be given to the individual and not to the property. The Premier touched upon the glaring anomalies of the present electoral systeru,point- ing out that thousands of people were dishaachised every year because they removed from one constituency to another. Once a man was on the register, he ought to be able to take his vote with him, wherever he went. (Hear, hear.) Plural voting had to go. (Applause.) It was absolutely inconsistent with representative government that one man should he entitled to greater electoral power than another. Be challenged the Opposi- tion to defend the plural voter, who, be said, was so dear to their hearts. The abolition of the plural vote would not disfranchise a single elector, but it would square matters in the right way. With regard to transferable voting, they wanted the members of the House of Commons to ben reflection of their constituencies—a mirror of the voice of the people. They wanted to avoid such cases as the Oldham election—(Opposition appbuse)—where the Conservative member represented only 401 per cent. of the electorate. (A voice : " He's the member.") More's the pity. Fifty-nine and a half percent. of the electors of Oldham had declared against the policy for which the member stood. If there had been a transferable vote, the majority of the Labour votes would have (roue to the Liberal candidate. (Opposition assent.) Defend- ing the closing of public houses on election day, the Premier said they wanted the electorate to give a sober vote. (Opposition laughter,) The great mass of the drink interest was allied to one party in the State. With regard to the proposed redistribution of seats, they wanted to correct not only the over-representation of Ireland, but the under-representation Of Liberalism in the English counties. (Opposition laughter.) The member for the Rumford division represented as many voters as fourteen Tory members in the present House of Commons. The democracy, the Premier concluded, was coming into its own, and the more power they gave to the people, the better it would be for the country ea a whole. (Applause.) Mr. N. Coot, jun. (Attorney General) formally seconded the adoption of the Bill. Mr. W. H. STANSFIETD (Lender of the Opposition) moved the usual amendment that the Bill be read six months hence. He said that, like many ether measures presented by the Liberal Government, the Bill had been conceived in a burry and was most illogical and mitchievons. In the first place it placed half the nation on a lower level than aliens, convicts or lunatics. While such persons were not, according to the Bill, to be deprived of the franchise, the Government denied the vote th women. Ile contended that by presenting such a Bill the Government had thrown an insult in ihs face of every Woman in the country. Every argument which had been advanced for muss exercise of the rights of citizenship applied with equal force to women. If the Goverement had not wanted to go I all the way, they might have stipulated that the vote I should be conferred upon "all married male persons." I There would have been some reason in that, as they ' would have got the influence of the women in that way. (Laughter). In order to render it stall work- able, the Bill would reqnire as much chopping and changing as the Insurance Bill, and then it would be worth nothiig. (Laughter). The provision that the returning officer's expenses should be borne by the State gave an opening to any demagogue, for any frivolous reason, to thrust himself forwerd ss • Parliamentary candidate. (A voice " Why should be not ? ") In the interests of the Statea man who was an adept at preaching at street corners,who had a tremend- ous ides of his own importance, and was swollen with vanity, sly' uld not be allowed to pr. 5h himself upon a constituency as • candidate without say adequate reason, and eithout any reascnable pre.spect of getting a fair number of votes 'The present law that • man should put down a SUM of money as a guarantee of good faith was • salutary one and would prevent such pOflollll attempting to obtain a salary of .8100 a year without doing anything for it. The clause providing for the State payment of election expenses was a most mischievous one. It would 'lle PRIME MINIbTF.R Take the poser out the hands of the aristocracy. ' Mr. STANSFIELD If would simply loans that you might have 100 Billowy in Warringtoo who thought they could put up as candidates. Captain If. G. ROBERTS; Who paid the lest Tory candidate's deposit? Mr. STANSPIELD : That is not the question at all. llt was paid and the guarantee was given Continuing, he said he was glad that under the provisions of the Bill, the electors would be delivered from the offensive and disgusting posters which had been so freely circulated by the Liberal party at recent elections. (Laughter. The Prime Minister let the cit out of the beg when he said the object of the Bill was to increase the Liberal vote. With regard to outside organize- Bona, such as the Free Trade League and the Tariff Reform Leave, working is constituencies, he cos- tended that if the respective candidates formally disavowed them, they could not be prevented from working for their causes. The sum of £5OO spread over six months would not be sufficient for the education of • large constituency. In Warrington the postage on election addressee absorbed £lO. The Prime Minister had made much of the Oldham election, but his state- ment that if the Labour owe could have bees transferred it would all have goes to the Radical candidate as mere assomptioo. The Conservatives

had quite as much right to expeot it as the Liberals and he agreed with the transferable vote. There was a greet deal to be staid on behalf of 'plural voting. It was mere rebetoric on the part of the Liberal party to declare that the man should have the vote and property none. Fleets and blood was of more importance than property, but property Wan of some importance and ought to have some representation. Mr. J. Mt. DZI13111) (C. Paisley, secontsod the amen ment.

councillor .1. lls WTitoRN (Home Secretary) said the Reform Bill of 1832 and subsequent measures had swept away certain abuses, but had lett the property qualifica- tion. The present Bill went. step further and declared that only citizeuship should count for the vote. The Government were carrying out the last two measurers of the Chartists which had not yet found a place so the statute book. Although they perhaps did not agree ' with the methods by which those pioneers adwocated their programme, it was impossible not to admire the courage of their convictions and the soundness of their agitation. As to the omission of worn. n from tho Bill, he did not object to the Leader of the Opposition shielding himself behind the petticoms—( langhter)— but the Premier had made it quite clear that the House would have the opportunity of saying whether the wonor ii should come within the Bill or not. When the Insurance Bill was before that House, not a single chop or change was made. (Mr. McDmttllD: There was no Bill to chop). It was amusing to notice the present attitude of the Leader of the Opposition towards the man at the street corner. Last week he had great solicitude for him because he was likely to be excluded from the benefits of the Insurance Bill. Now he was to be rejected. 'hie LEADEIt OI"THE OPPOSITION : I said there ought to be some security that his candidature is a genuine one. 1 COMICHIO/ HAWTHORN : How are j'Cll going to that candidate, it etie, he decide the genui of the oandidature by the hbi.nsg i nt obilnealZke continued,amo nt of moneyeiu t ear e 7 rais en paid their own expenses. (Laughter.) The Opposition was a repetition of the old Tory cry that a man must have wealth in order to enter Parliament. Eves when the Bill had become law the property owner would still have indirect influence over and above the poor man, but the Bill would undoubtedly ensure a falter representation of the country. Mr. H. E. HAwTHOIiNg (C. E., Bel Last) said the Bill meant that property had no rights whatever. It wan the doctrine of human equality, but he did not think there was an individual in teat House who really believed that all men were equal and had an equal claim to the vote or anything else. Would they carry out the principle of the Bill in t` eir own private businesses? The Liberals complained of under- representation, hut what power had the Conservative members in the House of Commons to-day? Not a particle. The whole of the laws were made by Mr- Asquith and the Cabinet. The Government had taken away the power of the Moose of Lords—(applaue,e)— and refused to allow the voice of the people to speak through the Referendum. Mr. lloossv (L., Birkenhead) said be bad lived ins part of the globe where manhood Nun rage was in force and it worked exceedingly well. He was greatly sur- prised at the rowdyisni that prevailed in Warr iligton at election time. (A Volt E : " That is Lancashire enthusiasm. '') Ile did not say it was all on one side. It was impossible to have a fair representation of every constituency until licensed houses were closed on election day. Mr. C. PLINSTON (C., Darlington) said it was unjust that women, who were as intelligent as men and equally qualified to exercise the rights of citizenship, should be excluded from the Bill. The feet that the Uuverament were prepared to leave the question to the House showed that with them it was not a matter of principle but of expediency. If Liberals were so sure that on a second ballot the majority of votes would be cast in their favour, it sena an extraordinary thing that Liberal and Labour fought each other much more bitterly, when they got the chance, than they attacked the Conservative ) party. He assumed that owing to divisions in the , Cabinet the Home Rule Bill had been held back and the Ref inn Bill brought in ma stop-gap m ensure. The PRIME fil mime : I repudiate strongly the ) suggestion of the hon. member. ) SO. PtiNsioN : I take tho repudiation for what it was worth, but I have had it whispered from members of the Liberal Party that there is a difference of i opinion in their party in connection with the Home • Rule Bill and this measure has been introduced in I order that the other may be held back. The PRINIE nliNisTEn: The Cabinet have not yet discussed a Home Rule Bill, no that the whisper that the hoe. gentleman suggests most er.se from his wonderful imagination. Mr. PLINSTON: Tbst being tte case, I must withdraw tbe remark. But if the Cabinet have not yet had before them a Home Rule Bill which is to set up four distinct Parliaments, we May expect that %%hen it is brought forward ins fortnight it will not have had mei:ilea consideration on their part. The object of the Reform Bill, concluded Mr. Plioston, was that Liberalism might be more advantageously situate]. Mr. I'. O'BRIEN (Secretary for Ireland) said that %Med the C mservative party were in power and bad the House of Lords behind them, they did not show any anxiety to grant women's suffrage. He contended that the young men of to-day were far more capable of reasoning out political questions and giving a sensible vote then the property-owning voters of thirty or forty years ago. He supported the abolition of plural voting and the granting of adult suffrage, not because he thought the Liberals would derive a party advantage but because those measures seers right and just. Tee Conservatism of to-day was not the Conservatism of twenty sexes ago. (Opposition voicee ( "Certainly not.") "We have educated you " retorted Mr. O'Brien amid laughter. " Lust week you did • thing which you have never done before in the history of your party—elected your leader by public voting. I have hopes for you yet." (Laughter). Mr. Citaie C., Bootle), characterised the Bill es nothing but piffle from beginning to end. The Govern- ment were following the example of their party in the Imperial Parliament by putting everything through at a rush. If the clause prohibiting the use of vehicles. by the contesting parties on election day were enacted. the 'bus proprietors would be running conveyancts labelled "One penny to the poll." (Laughter.) The debate was adjourned until next Tuesday.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
FIGHTING FOR BREATH.

Peps Save Bronchitis Victim tram Consomption.

Bow sure.v, if steadily, bronchitis fastens its deadly grip on the Chest of its victims, and leaves behind it after each attack some perilous chest trouble, is well brought out by the case of Miss Clara Webster, of 2. Claypit Lane, West Bromwich, Birmingham, who has cnly Peps to thank fat not now being a pale, emaciated victim of coisumption. Miss Webster's first attack of bronchitis was five years ago. "It left me so weak," she explained to a "Binning.ham Echo" reporter. "that for a long time I was compelled to keep to my bed. A choking setaation was always with me, as well as a backing cough, and a feeling of tightness across my chest. At times I would feel a little better. but often I would be usable to get up until mid-dsy as my breathing was so dread- fully bad. My throat was sore and often swollen. . • .

About tt:ree }ears ago I had another severe attack. The doctor who attended me said I ',boob] have to take the greatest care of myself, or the br nchitis would turn into consumption. I must have tried every known ccugh mutate and chest remedy, but still I went on ci.ughing, and wheezing, and fightiog for breath.

" For a 'long time I had had an idea that Pcps. would do me good, and at last I put them to the test. I can hunest!y say that nothing I bail taken before game me such relief as these little breetheable tablets. If! bad a fit of coughing in the night, Peps. at once loosened the phlegm, and I was soon off to sleep with my throat soothed and easy. In the morn- ing, too. Peps were splendid in relieving the choking sensation and clearing my chest and throat. In damp and cold weather ale,. I never went out without putting a Peps tablet in my mouth to keep out the cold sir.

" As a result of careful perseverance with peps, the hacking cough has now left me. and I am not troubled by the old sidling sensations and struggling fot breath. I have got much itronger, too, and feel quite a different girl from what I was before I stinted with Peps. It seems as if any symptoms I may hate had of consumption have quite felt me. lam never without Peps, however, and when I feel the slightest sign of a cold coming on I immedi- ately tate one or two tablets to ward it off. I find Peps especially valuable in damp or foggy weather:,

===== 0002601_19111125_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN WEELEYAIB' ACHIEVEMENT. _

l'he Runcorn Wesleyan Church Bazaar, which close 4 on Saturday night. realised 1,:.00 guineas. The result has given great satisfactios to all the workers, being CO gi.ineas more than yes originally aimed at.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A FOOD OF ENORMOUS VALUE

tetters from Thousands of Men and

Women

This is not a statement made solely in our own interests, bat a positive fact that has been experienced in the lives of thousands of men and women who have begun to regularly drink Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa. The proof is seen in the hosts of letters which we have received, and are continually receiving, from those who are deriving benefit from its use, and who are realising every day its enormous value to those who get their living by, hard work. Dr. Tibbles i-Cocoa is not ordinary Cocoa sold under an extraordinary name. It is Cocos that is absolutely unlike any other Cocos on the market, because it is mare than Cocoa. It is a skilful com- bination of Cocos, Kok, Malt and Thpa, prepared from f omulte discovered by a great medical authority ' only after the most exhaustive researches. Its :flavour is even nicer, and its nourishing qualities far greater than ordinary Cocoa, besides which It is of the highest medical value to those who lead strenuous lives, ehtl have, therefore, to maintain body .and brain in the best of gaol health. In many e rses that have come to our knowledge it has proved to be the only food that could be retained in the stomach, yet it has been the means not only of restoring the balance of health, but of building up the cmstitution no as tc resist future attacks. Give Vi-Cocoa trial. Never mind what you've been drinkinrr at breakfast or supper in the past, start drinking Vi-Cocoa to-day—you'll feel the benefit of it at once. Do not ask your grocer for" Cocoa "—ask for

===== 0002601_19111125_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WCoxa

—lt make, all the difference. Every grocer sells Vi-eccoa in 6d. packets and 9d. and Is. 6d. tine.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
0011314 „ LL- 4,40 , 1-1111LeTIC _

NOTES BY " OVALIST."

Nilled again! The " Wirepullers" will not look back With any satisfaction on the work of the past fortnight, and there is no manner of doubt that their supporters are 'disgruntled." It was bad enough to go down at home before Wigan, but to take a full team to Bull and lose 11-0 was worse.

Warrington are usually equal to a good performance at Hull—they have won there with a team half com- posed of reserves -and on the form of Hull during the reason Warrington's prospects were distinctly bright. So alluring were they, in fact, that about 400 ardent enthusiasts patronised the special train and gave the team an ardent welcome at the Boulevard. Instead of being inspired correspondingly, the Warrington men gave about their most ragged exhibition and allowed a weak Hull team to outpoint them with ease. Hull people rejoiced at the revival of the " Airly Birds," but their excellence was largely due to Warrington's mediocrity.

On Saturday it was the fault of the backs. The forwards played a grand game and gave the men behind enough chances to have scored 20 points. But they were bungled in a way that would have made Jack Fish weep- or any things unfit for publication. brooks and Creevey had an tff-day and some of the passes they heaved out to the centres were in danger of going over the stand. Others were intercepted, and altogether it was a heart-breaking exhibition. Luckily the defence was pretty good, and Tilley did wonders at times when all hope had fled. But some- thing will have to be done with the attack. Waywell seems to be the only man with a n, se for the line and like Woodburn he gets few chances. A strong fist centre will be worth a million bye and bye !

To-day Warrington have a chance of finding their form at the expense of Ebbw Vale, who usually leave points behind on their Northern visits. The Com- mittee have done a re-shuftle in the hope of turning p an are—though the " joker " is more likely ! up has been dropped once more, and Brookes put in the centre. This should improve the three- quarter line, but what about the halves ? Lloyd as partner to Creevey does not unfold a dazzling pros- pect, especially in view of the shocking display of Lloyd for the "A " team last Saturday. And neither ,can tackle. Well, it may do against Ebbw Vale, but the situation is obviously getting desperate.

The selection is as follows : Tilley, full hack ; Woodburn, Brooks, Bradshaw, and Pi'aywell, three- quarters ; Lloyd and Creevey, half backs ; Thomas, Johnston. Sbugars. Arnold, Chester; and Bradshaw, forwards.

The League table up to Saturday is as follows For. Against. Per- P. W. LD. G. T. P. G. T. P. tint's. Wigsn lO 9 1 0... 27 34 142... 5 11 41 90.00 Huddersrldl2 10 1 1... 46 80 332... 12 16 72 87.50 Halifax ll 8 I 2... 29 37 157... 10 9 47 81.81 Hull H. K 9 7 2 0... 26 20 112— it 9 49 77.77 Broughton 9 7 2 0... 19 17 89... 10 11 53 77.77 Huoslet 11 8 2 1... 24 43 17T... 17 11 67 77 27 Wakefield T 9 6 2 1... 20 29 127... 1.3 11 59 72.22 Oldham 19 6 3 1... 25 97 161... 21 28 /28 6590 Widne3 lO 6 3 1... IG 14 74 6 13 51 6500 Dewshury 11 6 4 1... 27 33 153. 19 26 116 59.69 Warrington 12 7 5 0... 12 23 93... 19 23 107 58 93 St. Helene 9 5 4 0... 15 26 108... 13 13 65 55.55 Kelghley: 9 4 4 1... 24 24 120... 19 36 146 5090 Leigh 10 5 5 0... 26 31 145... 17 18 88 50.00 Rochdale 11 10 5 5 0... 19 23 107... 14 28 112 5000 Hull ...... l3 5 7 1... 23 331 160... 20 25 115 42.30 Salford 11 4 6 1... 13 26 104... 23 25 121 40.90 York 10 4 6 0... 16 16 80... 30 28 144 40 00 Batley ll 4 7 0... 22 15 89... 14 17 79 36.06 Barrow lO 3 6 1... 7 18 68... 24 26 126 3596 Runcorn ll 3 7 1... 11 19 79... 22 24 116 3181 Coventry ll 3 7 1... 14 15 73... 29 59 235 31•81 Leeds 11 3 31 0... 12 21 85... 19 96 146 27/7 Swinton 11 3 8 0... 13 15 71... 22 29 191 27/7 Ebbw Vale 11 1 8 2... 10 8 44... 28 40 176 18 18 Bramley —lO 0 8 2... 0 10 48... 33 51 219 10.00 Bradford l2 111 0... 912 54... 38 61 259 833 -- I took the opportunity on Saturday of wa.ching the " A "team, and keeping an open eye for budding talent. I dare say say it wan there, but some of the buds are no small that the slightest frost will nip them off. The policy of encouraging local juniors is excellent in theory, but very slow in effect, and it will be a long time before any of the aspirants in the A "team qualify for better company. Carter will come on with training, no doubt, and young Povey is smartening up, but who else is there? Two of the worst players on Saturday were two of the most experienced-Lloyd and Daintith. As a pair they gave the wont exhibition of half back play it has been my painful lot ti witness for years post.

Wigan Ilighfield had the gent joy of beating the one-time Combination champions on their own turf, and the success was deserved. The Wigan lads played better football, and their fielding and punting was an education to the young Wirepullers, o-ho almost without exception let the ball bounce a time or two before venturing to field it. 'Twas a sorry sight. The visiting full-back, a loose forward whose name I don't know, and Atherton the outside half were lads worth looking after. The latter played with judgment, and has the physique which should carry him far in Rugby football.

'to. dav's matches are as follows : Keighley v. Batley Leeds v. Bradford Halifax •. Bramley Leigh v. Broughton Rangers Coventry v. Salford Dewsbury v. Huddersfield Warrington v. Ebbw Vale Swinton v. Ilull Barrow v. Australia Hull Kisgsten Rovers v. Hamlet Oldham v. Widnes St. Helens v. Rochdale Hornets Runcorn v. Wigan York v. Wakefield Trinity O,LONIAI, Toni. Barrow v. Australasian& Yonrsmse err FIVAL. Huddersfield v. Hull Kingston Hovers.

The failure of Widnes to win the replayed semi- final for the Lancashire Cup, on Wednesday, was not only a surprise, but a less to Warrington. Had Widnes won, the final with Oldham was to have been played at Warrington on December 20d, but now Rochdale and Oldham will meet at Broughton. After having the best of the game at Rochdale, Widnes were beaten with surprising ease at home.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

Results of Saturday's Matches.

LANCASHIRE SENIOR CUP.-SEMI-FINALS.

G. T. P. 0 T. T. Oldham 0 1 3 Wigan 0 0 0 Rochdale Hornets 1 2 8 Widnes

GOB-AHERN RUGBY LEAGUE. Brousbton R'gers 2 5 19 Leeds 1 0 2 Hunslet 4 13 47 Heighley Hull .. .. 1 3 11 Warringon .t 0 0 0 -

Hull K. lt. St Helens 3 3 15 Salford Halifax 3 7 27 Bradford N'th'n 0 0 0 Batley Dewsbury 3 . 12 Ebbw Vale Huddersileld Runcorn AUSTRALASIANS' TOUR.

Attars Wens LANCASHIRE COMBINATION. lAA A 23 RoehdaleHor.A 6

Oleimre A —— 51 Pemberton St. Helene A Swinton A —— 31 Runcorn A

iVigs—n—lliihlield... 1 1 .-5 Warring-ton A 0 1 i Broughton 1LA.... 18 Widnes A --•-•• 8

ORDINARY MATCH.

Wigan A

2 41 Leeds A ...... 0 0 0

===== 0002601_19111125_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Disappoint at Hull.

It was with high hopes that some 400 enthusiastic Warringtoniana boardel the special trains to Hull on Saturday morning. The '• Wirepullers " were at full strength, and on past performances were thought to have an excellent chance of succets at the Boulevard, where vintoriee have been scarce this season. Hull,too, were handicapped by the absence of Devereaux and others, the back division including two practically untried rnen is Beater, (wing) and Burrow (half). Fine weather favoured the fixture and • crowd of 4,000 enjoyed a fart game. Warrington bad many oportunities bat failed at the critical moment, the bone aide record- ing a welcome and substantial victory. Teams : Hull : E Clarkson ; A Franoia, G T Cottrell, E Rogers, and Vir Beaten ; A Barmy and Greg Rogers ; G Connell ',captain), T Herridge, W Holder, F Boylan, A Once and A Allen. .

Warrington : J Tale, ;NV Woodbarn, B Bradshaw, R Unsworth, aod Wsy well; E Brooks and M Creevey ; Thomas, Shogars, Cheaters, Arnold, Johnson and Bradshaw..

Referee : Mr E H Smirk (Wigan). Touch judge, : Messrs .1 NV Soholes 'Dewsbury) and W Enimott (Leeds). Johnston started the game and the first item of note was a clever breakaway by Greg Rogers, eho, after tricking Creevey, ran well down the centre before transferring to Cottrell. A neat round of passing, in which the latter and E. Rogers were seen to advantage, enabled Beaks to take a swift transfer from Rogers and force his way past IVoodburn, Ile was, however, allowed little room, and was forced into touch by Tilley on becoming dangerous. The Lancastriana quickly replied with a rousing dribble, and there was no mistak- ing their determined work when in less than three miniees Woodburn, Bradshew, and Uosworth all tried desperately to break through. Tilley roused the enthusiasm of the lade from Lancashire by running full half the length of the field and almost scoring in the corner. Had he endeavoured to force his was over instead of trying a short punt in the hope of Lakin the ball on the run a try would probably have accrued ; but Greg Rogers managed to save in the oink of time. Play continued in favour of Warrington, and the Hull forwards found their work cut out to hold the opposing six in tight serums near the Hull crease. At length a slow transfer from Creevey was neatly intercepted by Ned Rodgers, who made a grand attempt to alter the aepect of the game. Racing at full speed he outpaced bin nearest pursuers, and found progress barred when Tilley effected a reliable tackle. Holder picked up on the ensuing scrimmage breaking op quickly and Cross- kicked, and in a twinkling E. Bogert beat Woodburn for possession and scorei easily near the corner flag. The try getter failed at goal. Warrington played attractive football. Hull, however, defended well, and on two occasions the coolness of Clarkson, and the resourcefulness of Barrow,stved what might easily have pruvad tries to the visitors. Ike home forwards were more persistent than they have nasally been, and profiting by mieflelding on the part of theWarrington centres, the Hull front rank took op the running, Boyleo flubbing the attack by forcing bin way over near the posts. To the delight of the home partisans, Ned Rogers increased the total to 8 points. Play fluctuated considerably, Brooks and Woodburn for IVarrington, and Barrow and Cottrell almost scoring. The new half back proved himself an opportunist in nipping in, and, taking a slow pass from Brooks, dribbled trickily for his forwards to dribble over from a cross-kick. The ball travelled a trifle too far, with the result that in an exciting race between Tilley, Wood- born, Barrow, and the forwards, the ball reached the dead ball line. Cottrell's attempt was also the direct result of hesitancy on the part of the visiting centres. The Hull player pounced in and all but tools the ball. Had he succeeded is holding it a try under the posts would have been certain. Half-time :—Hull, 1 goal 2 tries (8 points), Warrington, nil. In the second half Barrow bluffed Brooks and Creevey but stumbled a ithin a few yards of the line. A series of exchanges between Tilley and Clarkson occupied the attention of the spectators for a few minutes, the latter eventually varying the proceedings by following up his own kink and transferring play to the visitors' line. Bradshaw Bent him bra with a long kick. Francis frequently gaieel applause for his brilliant tackling. Ilia defensive work was one of the outstand- ing features of the game, but the ruling ollicial penalised ths Hull winger when a try shoeld have accrued.

The spectators were raised to a high pitch of excite- ment when Connell, Bayien and Once dribbled in great style for three parts of the field. Tilley jest got allying kick, into touch in time. Bradshaw followed up a long kick by Thomas, which dropped well into the home quarters, and Connell was just able to kick clear as the Warrington centre fell.

Tilley was again the saviour of his side when Herridge and II .ylen had brushed aside all other opposition. Ned Rogers, Cottrell and Francis combined to give the last-named an opening for a touch-line sprint. Woodburn and Tilley, hawever. managed between them to stop the Hull winger. Ned Rogers nelrly gave his sides further lead by smartly following his kick from the centre. Wsysvell and the versatile Tilley saved over the line. Woodburn and ths visitors' custodian ran the ball out, when hard pressed. Brooks n..xt encouraged his colleagues by a brilliant touch- fluding effort which sent the Bonlevarders hack to defend their own lina,but Barrow, by a sharp punt and a follow up, brought play hack to half-way. Two minutes from the close Busies received the ball from Ned Rogers, and, rushing past liradahaw and Woodburn, he soured • try with a very game effort. Ned Rogers could not convert, sod a keenly-contested game resulted as follows :—Final flail, 1 goal 3 tries (11 points.) Warrington, oil. ST. HELENS WIN AT WEASTE.

At Weaste soma 4,000 persons saw Sdford defeated. It was nr,t long before the visitors took the lead, for Ritchie obstructed Greenwood, and Turtill bad no diffi- culty in placing a goal. The borne side replied by a try by Pugsley, but Manley failed with the place. From this point the Saints held the whip hand. and both Wyatt and Lee ran in splendid tries which Turtill and Molyneux !ropioved upon. This proved the extent of the scoring in the initial half. On crossing over the home side pinned the visitors well on their own line,but Turtill brought relief, and Prescott ran over for the visitor,. SAlford, after this reverse, played up grandly. and following tome exciting play Scott scored wide out, Manley improving. Immediately afterwards Love- lock gathered tea ball from a cross ktck by W. Thorns,, and scored close to the posts for the home captain to Improve npon. Result :—St. Helens 3 goals 3 tries .15 points), Salford 2 goals 3 tries (13 points).

===== 0002601_19111125_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. SWINTON.

After a game which could not by nay means be described ass great one, Runcorn obtained a much- coyote I victory over Swinton. Runcorn showed iip much better than their opponents, but missed many chances. A try in each Isslf wais the result of Runcorn's efforts, the first one being a grand try by Paibury. The final try came fifteen minutes from the end, Watton line. ha imitriosonrd.o, dtheblind aide of the scrummage near the failed to land the goal. The only score to Swinton was a floe penalty goal by Preston. Both teams finished badly, after fairly good work in the open. Reaalt :—Runcorn 2 tries (6 points), Swinton. I goal (2 points).

===== 0002601_19111125_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WIGAN TOO GOOD FOR LEEDS.

Leeds failed to make much of a show against Wigan in the match at Central Park on Wednesday. Early on Wigan were awarded a free kick, and though the position was rather easy no goal resulted. Miller was almost through after a clever run, and Junkies after- wards scored easily, Sharrock failing st goal. Todd added another unconverted try before Haycocks opened the Leeds account with • Foal from a free kick. M The subsequent play was all in favour of 'gnu, though Sharrocks had to resist many strong attacks. Price, Sealing and Present added tries for the home tett; and Todd kicked • goal.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE CUP.

WIDNES MISS THEIR CHANCE IN THE SEMI-FINAL

An exciting finish was seen to the match between Rochdale Hornets and Widnes oo the Rochdale Athletic tiround, on Saturday, the home team, after appearing to be. beaten side, daawing level in the last minute of the game. The attendance was nver 8,001, and the gate receipts 1202. In the first half Robin.° scored a try, and Paddoo a goal for the Hornet., while Read and Jonea Equalised smartly for Widnes. In the second half Widnes were the better team, and ought to have won. Reid was almost over at the corner, and later, when the Hornets were passing, Swinton intercepted. transfer from Robinson meant for Ward, ran over half the length of the field. and scored. Taylor failed at goal. Within a minute from time Dearden charged donn the Widnes full back's kick, and after a good dribble kicked over the line for West to score. Paddon failed at goal from a difficult position. Result : Rochdale Hometa I goal 2 tries, 8 points ; Widnes 1 goal 2 tries, 8 points.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCIIDALE WIN THE RE•PLAY.

Rochdale easily obtained the measure of Widnes in the re-played semi-final tie at Widnes on Wodneaday before a capital attendance. The game was an exceed• ingly fast one, and up the interval the only point scored was a try by Jenkins. Ward, on the resumption, had his shoulder put out, but notwithstanding hit absence the Hornets were the more energetic. and increased their points with tries by Dearden and West, the former cif which Padden improved. Final : Rochdale, 1 goal 3 trie (LI points) ; Widnes, nil.

AUSTRALASIANS OVERCOME CUMBERLAND.

-------•—• Brilliant weather favoured this fixture at Isfaryport on Wednesday, and the attendance numbered 5,000. Owens (Oldham) took Bouch's place among the home three-quarters, and Blackiock (Aspatria and lisrrow) went to Owen's position in the pack. The first score was a try for the visitors by Craig, who received the pass from Gilbert, Russell kicking the goal. This was quite early on, and fora time afterwards the game was merely an exhibition of exchange kicking between the full backs. The Colonidls were continually attacking, and Fraser, after tricking four opponents, lost tho ball. Ferguson failed at a free kick for Cumberland, who were behind at the interval. The subsequent play was not particularly interesting. Ferguson kicked a goal for Cumberland, which was the only score of the second half.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON "A" BEATEN AT 11031 E.—The Ware rington men put a strcng "A " team in the field on Saturday against Wigan ilightleld, but after a keen game they were defeated by 5 points to 3. Warrington had the better of matters in the first half, and after Povey had been checked at the corner, Clare got away on the opposite side and was badly obstructed by the visiting full back. There were loud claims for a try, but the referee only granted a penalty kick. Highfield defended well, sad it was near the interval before Carter raced away and cross-kicked for Daintith to score under the posts. Critchley missed the easy goal- shot, and Warriagton crossed over with only a 3 poiuta lead.

Oa restarting the home side gave promise of adding to their score when Povey made an effort on the left. Wigan rushed the game to the other end, char. Jordan, in attempting to clear, had his kick charged and Irvin dribbled over, for Ather- ton to add the goal. Although only two points ahead , the visitors now resorted to safety methods, and every opportunity was takea of chances to "mart" In some scrambling play, 'termer was given marching ordors. The depleted side, in the face of the tactics of their I opponents, never looked likely to rub oil the arrears, although Clare made a couple of good efforts near the close. A keen game ended : Wigan Highfield, one goal one try (five points) : Warrington "A," one try (three points).

LANCASHIRE JUNIOR CUP. THIRD ROUND. RYLANDS. RECREITIuN Y. ABRAM COLLIERY. The It,lands club put up a smart performance at Abram on Saturday. From the inception of the game the visitors practically took charge of the attack, and playing a capital open game, fine rounds of passing led up to Griffiths scoring two tiles. In the second stage the home backs relied upon defensive tactics, and they mere successful in keeping the visitors out, there being no further scoring. Final : }Wands' Recreation, two tries (six points) ; Abram Colliery, nil. DRAW FOR THE FOURTH ROUND.

-- -- The draw for the fourth round of the Lancashire Junior N.C. Cup resulted as follows : Spring N'iew • Runcorn White Star. 'Wanda' Recreation • HolSer-street. Zion (Oldham) v LiHord Ward Rovers or Swinley Hornets. To be played on December 2nd. TEAMS FOR TO-DAV.

RYLANDS RECS. V. BARTO2I.—At Barton. Fallback, A Bramhall ; threegoarters, J Griffith., W Leek, A Horrocks, P Morris ; halfbacks, 0 Floyd, J Gallop ; forward., A Stretford, J Brandwood, 11 Morris, J Broadhurst, F Mason, A Booth.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

ALTRINCIIANI DISTRICr LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

RRSULTS TO SATURDAY. Goals.

P. W. 1.. D. P. A. P Lostock Gralam 9 ... 6 ... 2 ... 1 ... 42 ... 13 —.13 Lymm hlobberley Latchford Broadhead' Bowdon Vale 6 . .I . 0 ... 15 ... 20 .. 8 OtnghtringtonAmVs 7 ... 2 ... 4 ... 1 ... 12 ... 10 ... 5 SAM Albion St. Vincent's Altrincham Lade Penketh Knutsford St Cross 4 ... 0 ... 4 ... 0 ... 12 ... 30 ... 0 Ougbtriestoa Park 4 ... 0 ... 4 ... 0 ... 3 ... 11 ... 0

• - PIENK6I7I V. LYNIM. At Penketh. There was no score in the first half. Even play again marked the restuaystion. Lyram being the first to threeee danger, Peer having difficulty in getting away a capital high shot. Lymm gradually asserted themselves end about 15 minutes oft time scored what proved to be the only goal of the game, a close contest endiog with the score: Lymm, one goal ; Penketh, nil.

LATCHFORD V. KNUTaFORD Sr. CRO93. Played at Thelwall-lane, Latchford. Muter opened the score for the visitors in the first minute, whilst the centre forward added a second point a few minutes later. Keeping tip the pressure and playing with great I dash, Taylor added a third goal with a surprise shot. To be three goals behind after only 15 minutes' play war, a startler for Latchford: They, however, rallied and after a further ten minutes Trafford opened their account, Shakeshaft following with a second point. Taylor made the scores equal Fefore the interval. Half-time: Three goals each. tipon turning round, Latchford steadily advanced, and a capital shot by Denny was turned into the net by a defender, giving the home side the lead for the first time in the game. St. Cross sho Ned signs of distress, with the result that Shakeshaft and Taylor added further point', Latchford gaining • sensational victory with the score, Latchford six goals; Knutsford St.. Cross, three goals.

SECOND DIVISION.

HOWLEY V. STOCKTON HEATH ST. THOMAS'S.

At Howley. For tbe first twenty minutes play MIA even ; after this Hovrley opened their score, following with a second about ten minutes later, whilst before the interval they had increased their lead to four goals. Although having the game well in hand Howley never eased up once, shortly after the interval adding a fifth. Before tbs close Howley ridded three more points, and ran out easy winners with the sore: Howley, eight goals; Stockton Heath St. Thomas's nil. ELLFIELD UNITED V. LATCIIFORD RECREATION. At 11'011(101d. In the first half the Recreation had the better of matters and just about deserved their lead of a goal to nil at the interval. Upon turning round the home team improved and had more of the game, the Rem' custodian clearing firmly on several occasions. In the end %Canfield managed to make matters even with s good goal, time being called With the score ORD goal each.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
FEEDING OF SCHOOL CHILDREN.

SUPPLY OF FREE MEALS RESUMED.

Standard of Necessity "Ludicrously Low."

The provision of meals for necessitous school children was again under consideration at tha monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee on Monday evening. It was reported that at a meeting of the School Attendance Sub-committee held or November 2nd, a petition from the Warrington Trades and Labour Council upon the subject of the provision of free meals for necessitous school children WAS read. Inquiries having been made at the schools. it was resolved, at n meeting of the committee on Ndvember 20th That free dinners he provided on school days to those children who have been found to come within the committee's scheme, and that they be supplied at a centre at the Education Office, commencing on Wednes- day, the 22nd November, IbII ; that Mrs. Mary Wilson be appointed cook, at a weekly wage of 205., her engage- ment to commence on the 21st November, 1911, and to be determinable by one week's notice on either si le ; that the Director be empowered to arrange for the psyrcent, where necessary and possible, of the tram fares of the children to enable them to attend at the centre at the Education office; that in cures where the income of the family has been found to be above the committee's scale, a letter of warning be sent to the parentv,and that the head teachers be asked to report later on as to whether there has been any improvement in the condition of the children that, in raves where the parents are in receipt of poor law relief, the Board of Guardians be informed of the fact 0.111 reported by the head teachers with a view to the Guardians cuing their influence with the parents to secure the proper application by the parents of the relief granted to them by the Guardians ; that, in cases where the Director is satisfied that the parents are in a position to do no, but are neglecting to properly feed their children, the psrents be summoned to appear before this committee for the purpose of their being warned of the possibility of legal proceedings being instituted against them under the Children fAct, 1918 ; and i) that, in cases where there is no one of sufficient age at home to prepare the meals for the children, the parents be visited fcr the purpose of their being influenced, if possible, to make improved arrangements. . .

Mr. LINSTOv, in moving de adoption of the minutes, said there was a great deal to be said for the Trades and Labour Council's proposal, for many would admit that where the family income was less than 21.9 d. per head, in face of the increased price of foodstuffs it was difficult for the children to be sufficiently (alto enable them to obtain proper results from the education they received. The committee ought not to throw the matter on one side es unfit for notice, simply because it came from a body that many people did not agree with. Twenty-nine children, from twelve familien, required feeding under the committee's scale of 2s. 6d. per head There were els° the cases of children who were not being properly fed but whose parents are getting considerably over ' the amount fixed by the committee. Those children ought not to be allowed to softer, but when they had been fed by the committee the parents should be pro- ceeded against for neglecting their duties. There were 353 children from 125 families In that category. The committee ought to be prepared to adopt the scheme no that they could at once take steps to see that no child attending school in Warrington was under-fed. The Rev. FATHER WILSON seconded. . .

if7-reilVtOTlr. Upson, the DIRECTOR said the scheme was exactly similar to the one that was in force two years ago. The CHAIRMAN (Councillor H. Roberts) said there was nothing conk ntioua in the scheme. It seas the duty of the committee to see that no child went to school without being properly fed. Out of the number reported upon there were 29 cases where the parents had an income below the Beale, and consequently the responsibility for feeling the children directly fell upon the committee. In the other cases the income of the parents was above the scale—in some cues con- siderably above—and, therefore, it became the duty of the committee to call the attention of the parents to the fact that their children bad been reported es being iustifficiently fed and to inform them that the committee would take the responsibility of feeding them, and afterwards if the parents did not the committee could recover the money and possibly take steps of a punitive cLaracter. Councillor PEMBERTON, after contending that the question had been brought forward too hurriedly, said be had always held that the committee's scale was too low. He could not see now parents could feed their children properly on such an amount. Tbe Rev. J. DAN lES said some of the children might receive proper nutriment at home and not he able to digest it. They would then have the appearance of being under fed. The committee should not be too hasty in charging the parents with neglect but, in addition to melting inquiries, should aleo take medical advice. _

--- Councillor DIChiVSON : Inquiries are made by our officers, sport from the teachers. Mr. UPSON eeled whether the committee intended to take into consideration the revision of their standard of necessity, which seemed ludicrously low. A family of six might be receiving lees than £1 a week and yet be debarred from relief. The increasing prices of food made it difficult for people with very smakwages to ensure that their children had sufficient food.

The eItAIRILIAN said the question of the scale did not come ill, for disenesion that night, bet he would not be sorry if Mr. Upson raised it at another meeting, with a view to its revision.

Mr. UPSON said there was considerable difficulty in finding out which cases were really necessitous. The children were under observation constantly but there were casea the scheme did not quite meet. Not only in saint, r but in summer a father would fall out of wort., or worked irregularly, and the family suffered. The committee scheme did not meet those cases, nor did the Guardians consider them, and the result was that there was a certain amount or distress very frequently in the schools. If they could have some modification of the scheme whereby the children could be fed. perhaps at some restaurant in Canes of great necessity, it would be a good thing. One of his teachers was threatened with Oleical violence the other day because she asked the whole of the class whether they had had any breakfast, and the person who offered the violence was probably the person who probably did not provide sufficient food for her children. The parents were, however, beginning to see that what the committee bed in view was for the good of thechildrea and they appreciated it. Alderman BENNiTT agreed that if the scale did not adequately meet the necessities of the case it ought to be revised. There could only he one opinion as to the general idea, underlying the scheme, end that was that if children were sent to school, from whatever cause, without proper physical sustenance, it was the duty of the committee to see that it was remedied. (Hear, hear). What woo the use of trying to cram their minds if their bodies were neglected ? He could not regard this country as a civilized nation as long as it was possible for any child to be sent to school starving. He had great sympathy with the parents. It was marvellous how many of them managed to feed their children on the wages they received. We were existing in a barbarous state of things which we called civiliza- tion but which was nothing of the kind. Until they got a minimum wage, which was available for any man who was willing to work, we would never solve these problems satisfactorily. In the meantime the author'. I ties ought to administer palliative measures ins broad and generous spirit. I Mr. KINt.DON said that, while he sympathised moat heartily with what had been said by the last two I speakers, it seemed to him that what the resolution asked was to decide that night whether they were going to feed the necessitous children or not. The question of the scale did not arise, They heard a groat dtal adout the responsibility of the parent, and this was a legitimate attempt to enforce that responsibility. From that point of view he should most heartily support the motion. (Hear, hear,) The Dance TOR stated that under the previous scheme there were only two awes In which the parents were considered to be in a position to keep the children. They were prosecuted, a ith the result that in nue case I the meals had to be paid for, bat in the other the man ' proved insofficient means. In other cases the warning I to parents who were neglecting their duties had the ' desired effect. What the committee proposed to do in the case of the 20 children who were entitled to free ' meals was very little to help to keep them in proper condition. They were only feeding them on school days and leaving them to starve on Stturday and Sunday. They were bound to have Christmas holidays, which meant another fortaight's starvation, and at Eater there would be another week of it. Councillor PESIBERION Shame. The DIRECToR : It in • shame. Continuing, he pointed out that even when free dinners were provided, the margin was not sufficient to keep the families leoently daring the whole week. There was no allow- ance for breakfast or tea. _ _

The hey. J. DAN 11C, asked how it was ti-at some able-bodied men received such low wages ? lie should like It to be an instruction from the committee to send so appeal to the employers of lal,nr fir the men'e wages to be raised. (Laughter.) The CHAIRMAN plated out that in many CAW the physical condition of the men presented them Bern- ina full wages. The SI A 1 On allied whether the principle mu sdrniqed that free education was to be taken as an excuse for free feeding ? It was • big queation. Why should there be free feeding in this respect more than in respect to other causes?

WI-XT.-DON : Because we don't get our money's worth.

Th-WCir Al RN( AN replied that the desirability had been laid down by the Board of Education of wing that no child went to sthool physically unfit. They had per- missive withority to spend a certain amount of money. Pitys roe, in replying to the discussion, raid be bad thought for pars thst the scale was too email. and

he hoped the sab-committee would very speedily take into consideration a wider scheme which would bring in a vast number of children who were not properly fed at the present moment. (Hear, hear.) When the com- mittee ceased to provide meals owing to the small number who availed themselves of them, they tried to get permission to issue tickets for use at a restaurant. The Board of Education would not, however, allow them to work on those lines: :

The CHAIR3a•N said the discussion, vrhich he had allowed to travel beyond the coop. of lbs minutes, had elicited information in favour of • revition of the scale which he was ceriain the School Atteodance Committee would not be slow to follow up. (Hear. hear.) The minutes were then agreed to.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS Rev. A. M. Mitchell and Mutual Admiration Societies."

The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr G Mather presiding. There were also present : Miss Broadbent, Mrs Simpson, Rev A Ili Mitchell, Messrs A J Jolley, W Gill, W C Brooks, W Furness, It Lee, J A Hughes, J A iturhworth, P London, M W Setnn, A Brooks, A Bottomley (clerk), It W Pennock, (deputy clerk), and A Wright (superintendent of Psdgate schools).

'INCREASE OF SALARY

.„.-...... The Board approved an increase of LIO in the salary of Mr It 1 Partridge, assistant clerk. The Rev. A.M. Mr-reiretA said the appointment %vas special one to deil with the row system of ease papers, and it seemed early to ask for an advance. The CLERK said Mr. Partridge bad been in the service of the Board for fourteen months. _

The Rev. A. M. MITCIItI.L; If we are to go on advancing other salaries in proportion, it will mean a very serious increase. However,f don't wish to oppose in this case. _

The Cii AIRMAN : Only just to protest. (Laughter.) Miro IlnoansisNT said many of the Guardians thought &fr. Partridge ought to have had a larger amount on his appointment.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
PAINTING THE COTTAGE HOMES.

The tender of Messrs. Parr and Hill, Orford-lane, Warrington, for painting the outside of the Cottage Homes, was accepted.

INCREASED RELIEF.

The CLERK submitted a return showing that the relief granted in the Warrington Union during the half year ended March 91st, 1911, showed an increase of £l2 as compared with the corresponding half-year. The Rev. A. M. MITCHELL asked how the increase in the expenditure was to be reconciled with a decrease in the number of recipients. According to an official return the average nurnter of persons relieved (in-door and out-door) on the Ist January, 1906-10 was 2,118, but on January Ist, 1911, it had fallen to 1810. Tbe number of indoor paupers had decreased from 817 to 809.

The CHAIRMAN : I take it the relief committees have been more libaral In the,r grants:to widows and children. Miss BROADBENT : This is so. The CLERK : You can rest assured that larger sums are being given now. , The Rev. A. M. MIToriELL : I am glad to bear of that liberality. I know it is suit Earlestown. Continu- ins, he asked whether the large decrease in the number of poor relieved might be attributed to the fact that in previous years the Guardians had been unduly extravagant and severity was now being exercised in certain directions of administration, or to better trade in Warrington. If the latter was the cause, it was a matter for congratulation all roJnd. Ile win wondering what beater.° of Mr. Jolley's prophecy 'hat large provision should be made in the House to meet the increase of population. There had been an increase of 14,0110 in he population, but there was, decline in the numbers of indoor and out- door poor. Therefore, he was afraid Mr. Jolley's prophecy had comets naught. (Laughter.) In face of the improved state of affairs, be hoped the Board would not persevere with their wild cat scheme for enlarging the dining hall &c. The extension was quite unneaeaeary all that was wanted being an expenditars of £350 or £4OO on the kitchen ores. Ile hoped that even at the eleventh hour they would repent, resolve to amend their ways, and avoid an expenditure of £5,000 or more. Mr. Jor.tav said he was bound to turn the douche of common sense on the rev. gentleman's impassioned out- burst. He felt tempted to quote Poe's lines about a little knowledge being a dangerous thing and to advise , Mr. Mitchell to "drink deep, or taste not the Pierian Ispring." (Laughter.) The statistics which Mr. Mitchell bad put before thorn and his (Mr. Jolley'a) prophecy were both right. If the rev, gentleman would take the trouble to digest his information before he placed it before the Board in a crude form, it would save time and be much better for everybody. He was certain Mr. Mitchell did not want to do anything that was unkind, harsh or unfair to the poor, but the policy which by as repeatedly championed was the old harsh, narrow policy. (The Bev. A. M. Mrrtirstt : "No, no.") It was no use aaying "No no " ; it was aia. A sensible scheme had been brought forward to improve the conditions of the indoor poor and the rev. ' gentleman bad done nothing but snarl and carp at it. The figures which he had quoted wi:h so much gusto related only .to a particular day, whereas the financial return extended over a period of six months. If the rev, gentleman had even an elementary kaowlege of the subject, be would have realised that and not made the exhibition of himself that he had done that morning. (Laughter.) The numbers of indoor poor were increas- ing. On a particular day they might happen to be lower than on the corresponding day twelve months before, but week after week there had 'reen a tendency for the numbers to increase. It was no use shutting their eyes to the facts. The wonder to him was that their expenditure during the half-year showed so alight an increase. Mr. Mitchell had no need to crow so soon, (Laughter). "10' TUAL ADMIRATION SOCIETIES."

Mr. JOLLEY presented a report on the 13th annual meeting of the Association of Poor Law Unions, recently held in London. The Rev. A. M. MITCHELL inquired if no reference was made to the reports of the Royal Commission on the Poor hew. The re!jorit; ead the minority reports recommended the abolition of the poor house and of such mutual admiration societies as Boards of Guardians (Laughter.) The CLERK said the Commission reported to Perlis- merit and it was for Parliament and not the Association of Poor Law Colons, to deal with the reports. Mr. JOLLEY said the reports had bees considered at I rrevious meetings of the association. They embodied an immense amount of research and tho cream of it bad already been carried into effect in changes in ' administration. Warrington stood in the front rank of progressive unions. There were over 600 Unions in the country and many of them were very much behind. They could not expect everything te move forward unanimously. Other people should try and come up to the Warrington standard. He did not think it could be justly said that the Board wee a mutual admiration society, judging by the criticisms occasionally passed from one side of the room to the other.(Laughter). Mr. FeRNES, : The admiration is all on one side. (Laughter).

===== 0002601_19111125_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PICTIIREDROME.

There are few people to whom the p'etorial does not make an appeal, and such a conclusion bee man obvious on making a visit to the Picturedroma, whose white wal's seem to always enclose a crowd. The management is in enterprising hands, and co effort is being spared to make the afternoon and evening enter- tainments not only strongly attractive but absolutely free fromanything of a vulgar or ohjeciionable nature. A wonderful programme is submitted to patrons this week including the great prize "Ambrosia" war film, which gives a series of pictures an realistic and animated that the cracking of rifles and the groans of the wounded seem to ring in one's ears. The war picture has a sentimental side, also, and this is as pretty as the other is grim. The amorous adventures of Henry of Navarre amid delightful scenery and N trman chateaux are the sub- ject of another entrancing series of pictures, while events of the day move before our eyes in steady procession. " Lost in the Jungle " is another triumph of the film-maker's art. Here we have a love affair, a quarrel, and the adventures in the African Jungle of a young Boer girt. Tropical trees wave before our eyes, a wild boar rambles through the undergrowth and in a second is at death gripe with a leopard. The ItOor girl also gets attacked by the deni.tens of the Jungle, but at the crucial moment is dramati- cally resetied by her father's elephant, said the cheers of the youngsters in Vie front seats of the picture-theatre. A comic leirglsr scene creates roars of laughter, and concludes a most I attractive programme. I From next Monday there will be matinees every afternoon at three o'clock, but every evening as in many large towns and cities, there ie t u bs a con- tinuous performance from six to 1030—an experiment which cannot fail to be successful.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
BARON'S TRAGIC DEATH.

WASHED INTO THE SEA WHILE WATCHING SPORNI EFFECTS. Paris, Tuesday.—The Home correspondent of the " New York Herod " telegrapher a report of the death on rues, lay, wrier tregio circumstances, of the Baron Leonino, of Milan, who, it instated, Iran drowned ea the result of being 'Flushed Into the era while he was catch- ing the magnificent storm effects from a rock upon which he had climbed near Piece di Son. Tine corres- pondent adds that the body hes not yet been recovered, bat an inquiry bee been opeoed.—The Ba-on Loonies, was tbe husbaad of Baroness James de Rotlischild.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Lsdies monthly sweep plsyed November 17th, 1911. Miss 1.4 Sall 124 21 ... 100 alias C Hall Miss If Bainbridge 126 ... 21 ... 105 MU 13 A White Mrs Whiteley The eighth round for the club prize against bogey was played on 13sturdsy. L Fairclough qualified in the first divisiou with 5 down and P It ltoberts in the second with 6 d4wn. Scores :—First. division : L Faircloush, 5 down; Dr .1 W Peacseke, 7 down; J E Billies, 7 down; .1 W Bibby, 7 clown ; F Peadlebury, '3 down ; 11 H Brady, 10 down ; W Whiteley, 10 down ; C 11 Unsworth, 13 down. Second division : V It Roberts, 6 down ; John Fairclough, 7 down; J Fairhurst, N down ; A Warburton 9 down.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
EX-DIRECTOIt CON vic-rED OF THEFT.

-- New York, November 20th.—Mr.Willlem Cummins, an ex-director of lb. Carnegie Trust Company, which failed in January this year, who was accused of stealing a sum of 140,000d01a. from the Nineteenth Ward Bank, was to-day found guilty. The Camenie Trust Company has no connexion %jib Nfr. Andraw Crrsegie, the iron- master, beyond the fact that he helped it to tide over a crisis at one time.

To CLEAN CREASE From CAS OVENS or KITCHENERS TRY • KLEENOFF.' It saves all labour and scouring ; is cheap and effective. Ask your Ironmonger or Gas Concern for it. Price 6d. per large tin, or send sd. in stamps for sample to— me ICLEENOFF CO., 5 Crooked Lane, London, IL C.

1--- AiAIZE yoUlt H ./s airy Errs Mtsate Pint INC. pUPPET PEER Or, /TAKING TUN CASIMIZT. S Tilt. GRE.II NEW CARD GAME FOR 1 lIE LONG EVENINGS. 52 Humorous Political Caricatures of otir present Members of Parliament arranged into 4 Conies for Yount: :cul Old. Pmt tree, P.O. Ok Od. 'ammonium, og coosis AMC IdIrenNOIL

HANDKERCHIEF FREE Fancy Cambric Handkerchief free to Lurie, wrinnz for patterns of our Autumn drew. & blouse materials. Hartley, 124 Warwick St., Menchester.

Scl. DEPOSIT. pomp ci.,Ll, RINI.S. .n 0 ,ene dederipfloo f l•wellery. trod 6J. anl Upon IR* lad a 111 vnent nf GI • Raptanam. preseat WI 1.. ow., Ir. —Shama. Man. in, fan; o ,I^.o 111.1,,d• RC, .N.

Cold In the Head, nasal (laurels. innuentil. • and all Throat and Chest affects-ins speedily cured by inhalation of

DR. PALMER'S PEROUNE. A really marvellont pr,r,”:,l• ,• • •yipl inhalation front a liana,. • • ' • ith

111StniCtionS by post, 1146. 1 I. THZ PIEMOLINE MEDICINE CO., 44 Grosvenor load, Tunbridge weiie,

WEALTH.

110 or naryn. pyr we:A eln re, I•Akea wy,arrlag or .11114. any M.,.•PaY lump for detalla. tinart..., n.v.eber.ll Hart 34. rr C.

CLARE'S B, 41 PILLS M. warranted to curs I. either sex all acquired or constitutional discharges, from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pitins in the back. Prve from Mercury. Leabliiihed upwards of 40 yearn In boxes 41. 64. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers Ms Lincoln andldidland Counties Drag Co., Linooln.-Advt " Anvlcs To MOTHIRS."—Are yen brolies is your rest bya sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to • chemist, sod get • bottle of MRS. WISSLOWS SOOTHING S T RCP. It prodooes natural, quiet sleep by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes se bright as • button" Zlostalos so Poisonous lagrediset. Of all Chemist& 11 441. per bottle.--Advt.

• I (' '\ --____- '

WANTED for gentleman' household, Waiter Valet; Oso experienoed Cook and Pariourmaid ; good wages.--CAREYou Rao ISTRY, Wrexham. IVANTED, COOK-GENERAL, part wash, fnmsly V three, good references essential.. Write LvsneLE, Myra rd., Fairhaven, Lytham. WANTED, GENERAL for Manchester, two in family, liberal wages; good references required. ApPl7 Mrs. ',wake, 37, Leicester M., Southport. WANTED, GENERAL.; reliable; no wishing ; small family; wages £lB to £2O; address with references to DR. FERO USoN ; Middleton rd., Oldham. ANTED immediately, Strong GIRL as wardmaid V for accident hospital •, 7 beds ; wages £l2. INlKruos, L. Y. Railway Hospital, Harwich, Lancashire. WANTED, good GENERAL, 25 to Xi ; all duties; early clear; only thaws with good referenoea spply.—Apply by letter, 96, SWINLEY RD , Wigan WANTED immediately, Experienced. COOK- GENERALS •, good wages to reliable Maids. Reference required.—REGlSTßY Orrice, London rd., Alderley Edge.

WANTED COOK-GENERAL, for December ith ; three maids kept age about 22 ; £22 ; lest maid stayed live jeIiri.—BROOKFIRLD, Harbor°. rd., Ashon-on-Mersev.

-- WA NTED experienced GENERAL, 25 to 30; no washing ; plain cooking ; Proteatant.—Apply by letter only, stating wages required, WADE, 40, Brook rd., Minefield, blenchester. WANTED, Experienced GENERAL, at _ or New Year, 30s. a month. No washing. Plenty liberty given. Reference required.—Mrs. CHARLIE' LEONHARD, Manor Avenue, Urmaton, near Manchester WANTED, Experienced Cooks, Cook-generals Housemaid-vreitreavee, experienced and young Housemaids, Eitohenmaids, Gene Irs.s.m —__ra. _.E AD'S Select Registry, Rusholme, 111anchester.

Irlatmas

,

tverpo-OI

WEDDING PRESENTS. Magnificent Selection. Duplicates may be exchanged.

Miscellaneous On sale, etc. CIOOD prices gives for worn -eat Cloaks. t3end to ‘3l- SMITH'S, 1, Howard et., (Word.

y AUNDRY GLAZING SECRET.—GIoas like P0re5.1..4 .1..4 lain. Recipe P.O. 7d. this week.—R.T., 57, Chester rd., Watford, Herts.

GGentleman, blind Ilse years, now see to read anything; remedy, sate end sure cure for cataracte,white specks ito.; portion. free ell eye 84.1 ti e rent G ETT, Ira,W i ebeell

Soitiogs—Good qualities at moderate prices Batlnfection guaranteed. Write for patterna.—H BROOK, 23, Thorn rd., Thornton Lodge, [Juddered%ld.

OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT Absolutely utmost value offered by RESCAN or ran. KING & CO.. i&M. Hart Street, London, W.C.

VI ELIO HT Ft/ L sad UNIQUE PRESENT.—Genoine North American Indian-made Birch Bark Canoe, with pincushion, post free, Is ; one returned if not fatielled.—B•s‘ EY, (O. Milton it., London.

Machin

Horses,

Girriagi

ROILERS 50and SI CII(NSRV. g )od secni4-bkn4 JOHN STRINORR AND SUN (13 4l) Blackburn

OR—OSSLEY'S OIL ENGINE, 6 Brake Power. condi- tion as new.—T. sod S. BROADHURST, StIiRMIS. Stockport. -

GOVERNESS CAR to suit 12 bands £2 ; Two Ice Cream carts £3 each ; Milk Kit 18 gallons, 12s. 6d. • 5 Ice Cream freezers.-2:.,EILY ST., Stubaltaw Cross, istiton-te-MakerAeld. NON-CONDUCTING COMPOSITION MANUFACTURERS for the Prevention of Radiation of Heat from Steam Boilers, Piping, Ht Water Circulating Boilers and Pipes' and all lies tod Surfaces. We quote for Coveting the above with Magessia,Silioate Cotton,Hair Fel l,and ourComposit ion Composition, Supplied in Casks Ready for Application EMERY AND EVANS, Catherine at., Strangsaysys. Manchester.

PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. M1.44E1511= 114 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. Moe OLONIAL FOREIGN PATENT 1.4E15

KENDAL, MI LNE & Co.

DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER.

Telegrams, " KomalL" Telephone 6203 Ctrl.

SPECIAL DISPLAY

CHRISTMAS NOVELTIES

IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.

INSPECTION INVITED.

CHOICE FURS, STOLES, AND MUFFS.

EVENING GOWNS, THEATRE COATS,

CHILDREN'S PARTY DRESSES, BLOUSES,

DRESSING GOWNS.

FUR-LINED & COSY TRAVELLING COATS'

SUITABLE CHRISTMAS GIFTS

JONI WAXER & CO. LTD.,

HANDKERCHIEFS, UMBRELLAS,

GLOVES, REAL LACE.

SILVER AND ELECTRO-PLATED

NOVELTIES.

Printers and Bookbinders,

Briny Street, WI rringtea.

BRASS AND LEATHER GOODS.

TLL USTRATED BOOKLET

OONTAINING 1,000 SUGGESTIONS FOR

U SEFUL CHRISTMAS GIFTS

SENT POST FREE ON REQUEST.

KENDAL, MILNE & Co.

Furniture Carpets Decorations

===== 0002601_19111125_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
To be Let.

HOUSE 10 LET.—Apply W. BRIGGS, 27, Arploy I st., Warrington. HOUSE TO LET.—" Winona," Whitenold rd.—A Mounomn," Spoorth," WhitoSeld rd., Stockton Heath.

SUPERIOR HOUSE TO LET, N 0.3, Weety Lane; 3 bedrooms, parlour, sittingroom,kitchon, bath, /co.; rent, Bs. ed. weekly.—Apply, ALBERT WRIGhT, Envillo at., Warrington. COLWYN BAY.—Well-furnished Houses, also Unfurnished ; Good Boarding aid Apartment Houses to let. Houses for sale. Stamped envelope for IiSt—BOWKERS, Estate Agents.

ci) = ©

, 'no BE LET t a modern aemi-detached Villa, nest .L Vicatage,o rent Sankey, containing large entrance hall, heated with radiatom, 4 bedrooms, large dining and drawing rooms, bathroom, w.c.. with all the, up-to-date modern convenienoes.—Apply W. FURNESS oreat Sankey.

A Good Spare Time Agency.—Commision 25 ; no tltdeduction; absolutely the highest paid; grand value to customers; Boots, Clothing, Drapery, Watchea, Jewellery, 6co. ; cash or credit ; applications invited from respectable working men in regular employment —Apply Mr. Rampros, 215, Lavender Hill, London. 57, CATHERINE STREET, 49. week. 17, PINNERS BROW, Lock-up Shop, 6s. 6d. week. 8, CLARE'S BUILDINGS, In. week. 26, KERFOOT STREET, ss. week. BROOKSIDE COTTAGE, Penketh, £1 Bs. 61. month. 33, PINNERS BROW, good Shop, 7s. per week clear. 36, GENERAL STREET, rent es. 9d. per week. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi-detached, Residence; large garden ; sunny situation ; reduced rent. MARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Double 000 e, most central position in town; go 3,1 light; £l6. OFF BIVITKEY STREET, Warrington, 2 Storey Ware- house with cart entrance, rent £l6. Apply ROBERT Lowe, Estate Agent, No.l Bank Street Warrington Telephone—No 55

Shot's, Businesses, etc.

DMY BUSINESS for Sale: genuine; 20 cows kept; 550 gallops weekly; good reasons for leaving.—Apply lo.msos, Brook rd., Aintree, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
,4i.47417

(it pIA =4 Mil 1 1 r> tp n ..... . o 0) = (I) !:".... (I) o (Cd o = .1.7 104

Miscellaneous continued. SEND a postcard for Free Sample of Plate Powder to F'. CIIIVIMS et Co., Albans Works, Bath.

,UTTER.-31b. made from lib.; Instructions, I/L.- 0 J. COWAN, Western Coart,West Wells,Carliale.l

Medical.

WHY suffer ;when A.O. Ointment sod Pills ssa• prompt and efficient remedy for eczema, nettle- rash, &silos, boils, burns, erythema, herpes and all skin troubles •, post free Is, Iid.—ARBLES CO., 203, Buchanan it., Glasgow. stock

ATARIOOI3II VEINS.—No more elastic+ .or V opemtion Simplest, easiest, radical, Medical Hoene 'treatment, by the remedies of DOCTOR STEFATO BOLOGNE,E (via Roma 65, Naples). Only effective treatment in the world. Extremely gratif3ing results all over the world. 4 Grand Prix, 5 Gold Medals, 14 International, 16 national Coogress of Medicine. Each bottle, post free, 416. Send orders to the General Agent, OugllelmoCerraturo,Corso Culbert* 10,284,Naples,Italy

===== 0002601_19111125_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Garnetts

UtahEska Ilassfacturers what Gads IV. was Wag WARRINGTON and LIVERPOOL (122 Bold Street).

===== 0002601_19111125_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SAMRDAY, NOVEMBER 25.1911

Mr. HAROLD SMITH'S MR. HAROLD history, we venture to SMITH'S say, is not his strong INACCURACIES. point and we suggest

that before he repeats his unfounded statements of Friday last week about the smashing of PARNELL it would be as well in the interests of all concerned if he consulted the actual facts of the case. His prophecy about the smashing of Mr. ASQUITH and Mr. REDMOND we may without fear or apprehension leave to the logic of coming events to no further period than the end of next year, but his sug- gestion that Home Rule was the cause of PARNELI:s " smashing" will cause amusement to students of modern history who reasonably expect a legislator to be a little more familiar with the salient facts of a period of history coinciding with his own lifetime. The man in the street will tell you that if Parnell could truly be described as " smashed " it was the want of Home Rule which led to that event, and that in an Ireland self-governed, even allowing for a Divorce Court decision, the close of the career of one who now stands as a Statesman of world-wide fame might well have been

changed. Strange again when Mr. SMITH comes to treat of modern Ireland, his description os four-fifths of the 'people of that country i the hard and ungenerous one of" disloyal." Does Mr. SMITH'S memory go back as far as KING GEORGE'S visit to Ireland? Does he recall the gratification which the KING and QUEEN on a quite recent occasion felt on the spontaneous welcome of their Irish subjects? What of the late KING EDWARD'S experiences in a country which Mr. Swill persists in misrepresenting!? On all sides it was admitted that no deeper sense of grief on the death of the late KIND was manifested than that which found expression in the ;ndividual and public mind of Ireland. The vast bulk of the Irish people have never wanted in loyalty to the Crown, just as they have never wavered in their disloyalty to the hideous system of government which stands condemned, root and branch, in the eyes of Europe. Contrast with this the supposed loyalty of the few in the north-east corner of Ulster. It is difficult to imagine, even allow- ing for the family weakness in the SmiThs for political "smartness,' how the people who invite tenders for rifles, arrange for pro- visional Government and talk about armed opposition to the forces of the KING and kicking the crown into the Boyne, should be

held up to English audiences as the '' loyal" minority. We see no reason to supposeithat , that game will succeed. Already it is being relegated to the limbo of exploded nostrums where now reposes the preposterous bogey of Separation. The line of attack is now to be that of -financial difficulties, which Mr. SMITH thinks insuperable. If he really holds that view he should never say another word about the greatness or the resources of an Empire on which "the sun never sets." For our part we welcome the criticism on finance, knowing as we do that if there be any argument more than another which is likely to appeal to your level-headed business-like Englishman it is what may be termed the £ s. d. side of the Home Rule question. It is the favourite cry just now in Tory circles to point to Ireland's bankruptcy. Where, we wonder, is the Tory's imagination or sense of humour, that he fails to perceive the Gilbertian situation of saying in one breath that the Government of Ireland on present lines is eminently success- ful and satisfactory and in the next glorying in the fact of that country's insolvency. Is it not rather humiliating to contemplate that after 111 years attempt to run the Irish Department of the British Empire the main leature about the system and the character- istic most gratifying to the supporters of that system is its bankruptcy ? The sane Englishman, we imagine, who looks at the question freely and without bias, will quickly realise that your Unionist orator can't have it both ways in the matter of Ireland's government and if that system shows a deficit then, in self-interest, to put it on no higher ground, it is imperative that a change in the methods of ruling that country should immediately be pressed forward.

Mr. Asquith's state- WOMAN SUFFRAGE. ment of the attitude of

the Government to the demands of the women's suffrage advocates would have been satisfactory, it might be , thought, to all the supporters of "Women's ' Votes." The senseless riots of Tuesdayl night, however, proved that there is still a militant section which refuses to accept the Prime Minister's concessions and would rather get nothing, if it cannot get its own way. Mr. Asquith stated (1) that the Government mean to carry, as far as in them lies, the Reform Bill for man- hood suffrage next year; (2) that it will be open to amend the Bill, so as to give the suffrage to women on different terms from men; (3) that the House of Commons is open to accept such an amendment; (4) that, if the amendment is carried, the Government will defend it as an integral part of the Bill.

Is the South Somerset SOUTH SOMERSET. result to be claimed by the Tories as a rebuff for the Insurance Bill? If so, then the Tories have at last nailed their anti-Insur- ance flag to the mast. Over the Old Age Pensions Bill they tried the same game of backing both horses, or rather trying to pre- vent the winning of one, and hedging so that .they could claim their winnings if their manceuvre proved unsuccessful. The case of -file out-workers has been used and abused by the Tory Party in South Somerset. On Tuesday Mr. Peel attacked the Chan- cellor of the Exchequer for sending a telegram which said that Mr. Peel's amend- ment to exclude out-workers altogether from the Bill was not supported by a single member. Mr. Peel said that he had not sent et counter-telegram accusing the Chancellor's 'statement as an utter travesty of the facts. But, although the South Somerset election had turned on tte exclusion of the out- workers, as Mr. Peel admitted, the only opportunity to exclude them, which came on Monday, did not produce a single vote from the Opposition to support Mr. Peel's amend- ment. Mr. Vivian is to be commiserated on his defeat by so small a majority after increasing the Liberal poll. Actually, he did 'wonderfully well against an opponent who had nursed the constituency through two previous elections, and there is some dissatis- faction with Liberal headquarters for giving Mr. Vivian so short a period in which to fight an uphill battle. He is a good man lost —though only temporarily, we hope—to the House of Commons!

A touch of gaiety has THE "MEANEST been lent to a serious

OF AGITATIONS." subject by the laughter- p r o vo k ing campaign which the "Daily Mail,"" Daily Telegraph," and other Tory organs are conducting against what they are pleased to call a servant tax. There are, it is true, possibilities of mischief in the orgy of misrepresentation in which a section of the Tory Press has been indulging —" one of the meanest of agitations," as Mr. Lloyd George justly characterised it. But the malicious purpose has been so palpable, the exaggerations so portentous, the impersonations of the average domestic by a too facile journalism so transparent, that the prevailing impression is one of comedy. Newspapers which have for years been the recipients of complaints about the "servant problem,r the discontent of the domestic, and the dissatisfaction of the mistress, are now apparently over-crowded with testimony. to the idyllic conditions which prevail in every household where servants are employed. A sober British public is asked to believe that, when a maid-servant informed that her mistress will be called

upon by the Insurance Bill to pay threepence per week in order to ensure her tendance and provision during sickness, she falls upon her mistress's shoulder and sobs the pathetic confession that, rather than allow her mistress to be bothered by a nasty Chancellor of the Exchequer who wants to make the kindest mistress in the world lick some nasty stamps, she will work hence- forward to the end of her days for nothing. If the correspondence columns of these hustling Tory journals could be regarded as indicating even in the slightest degree the real sentiment of the domestic-servant class, the Insurance Bill is going to save the mistresses of British households, as a class, thousands of pounds every year.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

The police have been showing considerable activity against the street betting fraternity of late, but they landed a somewhat unusual catch on Wednesday, when a girl of 17 was fined £lO and costs for participating in the street-betting evil. She was caught receiv- ing betting slips and money from men and youths, and it is to be hoped that this early downfall may be a lesson to her.

• • The local police are not feeling altogether disappointed at not having a hand in the capture of Albert Wright, the desperado who broke into the Public Benefit Boot Company's shop on October 31st. Only two days later he was apprehended at Rishton and wounded two policemen with a revolver, while he had previously served six years for a similar dangerous offence. Justice Avory has now committed Wright for ten years. Shop- keepers and police alike will breathe more freely. • •

Some rather pertinent criticisms on the threatened boycott of the Insurance Bill by the doctors were made by the President of the local Druids on Thursday evening. His point is that the medicos are both greedy and unjust in demanding more than 6s. for the treatment of persons insured under the Bill, when for years past in Warrington and elsewhere the "club doctors" have been content with 3s. 6d. per head. * * *

The Wesley Historical Society has just published the first part of "John Wesley and Warrington'' xritten by our contributor Mr. Arthur Mounfield. As frontispiece a picture is given of Messrs. Tunstall's offices formerly "Heath House" and one of Wesley's Warrington homes. The modest building in Back Dallam-lane which was the first Methodist Chapel also finds itself raised to the unusual dignity of a share of the frontispiece. * •

We are glad to note that the prime. movers in the organisation of the Shake- spearian Society have taken last week's criticisms in such good part. Mr. Rossiter, the hon. sec., in another column elaborates a more practical programme than was out- lined at the inaugural meeting and invites the membership of those with either critical or suggestive ideas. There is a very promis- ing future before this newest of our local societies if run on really practical and helpful lines. * _ _ .

The Law List (a correspondent points out) contains thirteen solicitors named Porter,three Ginns,oneßeer,and a firm of"Ginn and Porter." There are also several Salts, Peppers, and Pickles, and one Peppercorn.. There is neither Brandy nor Seltzers; but one Brandy and two Seltzers appear in the London Post Office Directory. Another correspondent (Mr. Thomas Gurney) writes: I have come across the following in ancient records : " Hold - the-nest," " Clinkadagger," "Shakemaple," " Whiteacre," " Smallbeer," "Halfpenny," " Horsenail," and several more which would not look well in print. _ _

• Local antiquarians, Mr. Thomas May especially, will be gratified to find their labours at Wilderspool have brought our ancient " Veratinum ' before the notice of historians. In the most recent history of Cheshire, issued last week by the Clarendon Press, Mr. Charles E. Kelsey, M.A. gives to Wilderspool the very flattering title "The Birmingham of the Roman occupation." We quote the passage: The Romans taught the Britons many useful ' trades. Teratinum or Wilderspool became under the Roman quite a busy manufacturing town, the forerunner of a modern Warrington or Wigan. The site of the ancient Roman town has been carefully dm; over. Traces have been found of many pits, hearths, furnaces aLd ovens for the manufacture of glass and pottery, a bronze foundry, and an iron smelting furnace and an enameller's workshop. litany articles of iron, knives, padlocks, keys, nails, found en the same Fpot show that Veratinum was thel3irmingham of the Roman occupation." _ _ _

Mr. David Clegg will have the sympathy of his many Warrington admirers with the great loss which befel him by the destruction of his fine new organ during the recent gale. In a touching letter to the musical critic of the" Blackburn Times" Mr. Clegg says : " You would have wept to have seen the organ after the catastrophe. I had a very narrow escape. I had a recital to give in the afternoon, and about midday was playing away and testing the instrument when one of the blowers shouted 'Walls tumbling.' I rushed from the keyboard and fell on my face, luckily clear of the debris. When I looked round there was something like seven or eight tons of bricks and mortar where I had been sitting, burying my poor organ, my heart's work of the p& .t ten years gone in a minute. Now I have no heart at all, and I don't know what to do. However, on all sides I have the deepest sympathy, and that is something. One of the churches here are giving me the entire proceeds of a recital

I have been asked to give." Only the night before the unfortunate occurence Mr. Clegg 'gave a recital at Bold-street Wesleyan Church, Warrington, where on several previous occasions he had delighted large audiences by his wonderful mastery of the instrument. _

* * The under-fed school children are not to be neglected this winter, the Education Committee having resumed the provision of free dinners for those who come within the authority's standard of necessity. Mr. Upson was Justified in describing that standard— which allows an income of only 29. 6d. per head—as ludricously low and we hope early steps will be taken to revise it. In the meantime there is some satisfaction in knowing that the most necessitious cases are not being allowed to suffer, and some credit is certainly due to the Trades and Labour Council for their energetic efforts in arousing public opinion on the question. * * There was a lively exchange of compli- ments in our local Parliament on Tuesday evening 'when members began to call in question the• views of the Member for War- rington—meaning friend Harold—on certain aspects of the Electoral Reform Bill. Some heat was, of course, engendered but the Speaker tactfully relieved the situation with the remark: "The only Member for War- rington that we can recognize is Mr. E. , England." Unfortunately, however, the absence of Mr. England robbed the House of that authoritative pronouncement with which he would no doubt have been only too willing to oblige.

The latest returns of the population—or rather depopulation—of l ranee are surpris- ing. For some years the population has been almost stationary. But now, for the first time, the balance is on the other side, and the numbers of the living are falling. Ireland is perhaps the only other European country that has shown a diminishment in its inhabitants. But that was due to emigra- tion which was imposed by insistent starva- tion, France is wealthy, and with wealth spread as it is spread in no other European country. And Frenchmen do not emigrate in any appreciable numbers. It is neither starvation nor emigration that is responsible for the depopulatian of France. The bald fact is that for the first half of 1911 the deaths exceeded the births by 18,279. Almost equally startling is the decline in our own natural increase of population for the third quarter of the year. The increase is more than 40,000 less than in any of the three pre- ceding years—equal to a fall in the rate of increase of over 30 per cent. There is a decline in the birth-rate which calls for some explanation. .

The figures as to the import of milk are of importance only as showing how very quickly milk would flow in from abroad if the price were to rise here. It would be just as easy to send fifty thousand hundred- weights as it is to send five thousand. From the point of health the matter wants looking ' into, because, with an increased surveillance as exercised over the production of the home article, there is no means of ensuring cloanliness in the countries from which milk is imported, and it would be a laborious task to subject every consignment to microscopic examination, yet that alone would satisfactorily demonstrate the presence or absence of the germs of disease. That fresh milk was sent across the Channel to Great Britain in such a very hot summer proves that the trade might conceivably be established, and the English farmers would do well to meet it at the outset by increasing the quality of their own supply. It would be a pity for them (says "Country Life" if they were to lose the monopoly at present enjoyed.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARS.

Recital at Padgate. Mr. Charles D. Law will give his popular recital " A Christmas Carol" (Dicke na) in the Wesley Hall, Padgate, on Thursday next.

Mayoral " At Home." The Mayor and Mayoress (Councillor Dr. and Miss Joseph) will hold an 'At Home" at the Town Hall on Thursday, December 7th. Mr. J. F. Awbery. Mr. J. F. Awbery, master of the Workhouse, is still in a critical condition but last evening we were informed that there was a slight improvement.

- - The Late Mr. Coagreve's Will. The will of the late Mr. Hubert Congreve, aged 53, of Summerville, Latchford, Cheshire, chief engineer to the Manchester Ship Canal Company, a member of the Institute of Civil Engineers, has been proved at £7,879, " OSRAM " AND " TANTALVM " LAMPS.—Agent. J. S. GARLAND, 51,t0 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt.

The New— torch. - Conversational reading meetings in connection with this church are held at Atkinson's Cale, every Monday evening. The speaker on Monday next will be the Rev. W.ll. Claxton. British Women's Temperance Association.

In connection with this association an operetta will be given in Cairo-street schoolroom on Wednesday evening by members ,cf the Workingmen's Mission. lies Truda Crosfield will preside. Watch Tower Mission.

Mr. James Wilson, of London Tabernacle, will lecture at the Watch Tower Rooms, Market Gate, this (Saturday) and to morrow evenings, in connection with the International Bible Students' Association.

People's College Concert. The animal concert in connection with People's College, will be held in the Parr Hall on Thursday, December 14th. The programme will include the humorous cantata" The waits at Bremen." The plan of reserved seats will be opened on Wednesday next at Mr. R. H. Pearson's, Bridge-street. ANTHRACITE STOVES, Ecomonical, clean, cheerful I Price from 3716.—J. S. GARLAND, Si, to 35, Bridge at. Warriogtoo.—Adat.

Church Society Lecture. The second of the series of lectures arranged by the Warrington Church Sooiety was given in St. Clement's Mission, Bank-street, last evening, by the Rev. L. J. T. Darwall, vicar of Walton who spoke on " Litnrgial music." Be pointed out that liturgia' music was distinct from "church " or" sacred " music inasmuch as it was music which was in itself worship, and its only real purpose was in connection with the central rite of our religion. He first devoted attention to two periods (1) when plainsong alone was used ; (2) when plainsong was retained for certain portions, while others might be song to measured music. These lastrovere six in number (1; the Kyrie ; (2) the Gloria in If.xcelsis ; (3) the Credo; (4) the Sanctus ; (5) the Bendictus ; (1) the Agnns Dei. The iev. gentleman gave an interesting explanation of plainsong, and next touched upon Palestrina and polyphonic music. Coming to the English Reforma- tion, he said it was succeeded by the disappearance of plainsong and the decline of all Eucharistic music except in a few places. Abroad, the pclyphonic school was superseded by the harmonic (save in connection with the Papal choir). Allusion was made to the Masses of Bach, Haydn and Mozart. Finally, the , lecturer dealt with the further development of sensuous and dramatic elements in the Masses of Rossini, Gounod and others—The interest of ths lecture was increased by a number of musical illustra- tions efficiently given by a party of vocalists from Walton. The items included :—From Palestrins's Maas :Darns Christi Manera " (a) Kyrie (b) Agnus Del ; from Mozart's First Mass (a) Agnes Del, solo, Miss Dorothy Truslove ; (b) Dona Nobis; from Rossini's "Mesae Solennelle," (a) Domini) Deus, solo, Mr A Greenough ; (b) 0 Salutaris, solo, Mr R W Cook; from Gonna "Mesas • Solennelle," Agnns Dei.

Warrington and District Bowling Association. Theonnual smoking concert and prize distribution will take place on Saturday, December 21,c1; at the Royal Oak Hotel, Bridge-street, the proceedings to commence at 7.15. Mr. A. H. Croefield will be present and an excellent programme has been got together. The artistes include Messrs. J. Willett, T. Humphreys, Sam Aukland humorist) and J. Fors'er (piacist).

Spiritualist Society's "Social." 1 On Wednesday evening the Warrington Spiritualist Society held a very successful " social," when the whole of the entertainment was undektaken by Mrs. Caldwell, of Ilaigh, Wigan. This lady, as pianist, singer and mimic, elicited lud applause or roars of laughter according to the character of the item given. She also, attired as a gipsy and blindfolded, gave illustrations of "second slght," followed with ordinary clairvoyance, and concluded by giving private " borderland" readings to those who bad purchased flowers. During the evelaing refreshments were served.

St. John's Presbyterian Guild. Tbe members of the above Society met on Monday , evening in the Municipal Museum to hear a lecture on " Warrington in the Stuart Period," by Mr. C. Madeley.—ln ope, ing, the Lecturer pointed out that the chief object was t illustrate the history of this pet iod by the rations articles that bad from time to time been gathered together at tLe Museum. The general appearance of the town wa described and illustrated by a painting of the Old Court House which occupied the site now filled by the Market Hall, and reference was made to the old buildings still existing that dated back to the 17th century. Many local incidents of the Civil War and the great religious controversies of the reriod were recalled by extracts from books and pamphlets yellow with age. Specimers were shewn of the tokens introduced by private traders to supply the need of small change, prior to the introduction nf copper coinage, and many interfering relics of the Siege of Warrington in the shape of cannon balls, etc. Altogether a most dflightful evening ens spent, and at the closes cordial vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Madelry for the pleasure and instruction Riven.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
The Recent Case of Shophreakig in 13-idge

street.

Many of -;;Treaders are doubtlesa aware that during the night of Tuns-lay, Mat October, the premises of the Public Benefit Boot Co., Bridge-street, were broken into in a most daring manner, the shop safe being carried into the back part of the premises and there broken open and lifted of a sum of over £2O, including a £5 bank of England note, the number of which, fortunately, was known. The thief or thieves also carried off five pairs c f beige and goloshes. Report was made to the police and enquiries were made over a wide area. What may be described as in some resptc's the requel took place at Manchester Assizes on Monday last, when Albert Wiight, a notorious ant much want d criminal, was sentenced to ten years renal servitude fir shJoting two police officers at Rishton, on November 3rd, two days after the Warrington robbery. Wright when arrested was in possession of the stolen bank note and a pair of the goloshes taken from the Public Benefit Co.'s premises. There were altogether over forty offences of shop- breaking, &c., alleged against Wiight. It is interesting to know that the robbery has been cleared up in this way, in face of the wantol rumour in connection with it which gained publicity in Warring, ton, and which (though one would hardly credit it) many persons, it is raid, gave credence ta

VACUUM CLIANERS free the home from dust. Price 2to 7 guineas. Try one on hire.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, to 55, Bridge st, Warrington.—Advt. Ancient Order of Hibernian. A very soccer sful whist drive and dance, under the auspices of the above eeciety (Division 422, Warring- ton), was held in the Sacred Heart Club rooms: Wei rington, on Monday. Over 100 ladies and gentle- men taking part. The prizes, which were given by Messrs. IL Cunningham, Herbert Rust", Bros. Coun- cillor Owen Toole, James Brady, and E. Kelly, were won by the following : 1, lady's silver-backed hair brush and comb, Miss Rogerson ; 2, bedroom clock, Miss Blake. 1, gent's silver-mounted pipe and case, Mr. C. Austin ; 2, handsome clock in fretwork frame. M. Farrington ; booby prizes. Miss Dean and Master J Currie. The Rev. Father Rockliffe—who presented the prizes to the successful competitws, said he was &belted to see such a splendid turn out at this—the first—social function of the Ancient Order of Hibernians Friendly Society. Surely that splendid attendance augured well for the success of the society in War- rington; he also briefly explsiaed that the society was instituted, under the name of the" Defenders" nearly four centuries ago for the purpose of protecting the priests, in the discharge of their sacred duties, when it was a crime punishable by death to be discovered celebrating, or even assisting at, tin celebration of the lily Sacrifice of the Mass. He asked Gcd's blessing OD the society and wished it every success. On the motion of Bro. Toole seconded by the Presi- dent, Bro. D. Currie, a hearty vote of thanks was awarded to Father Rockliffe. During the interval a number of songs, &c, were given on the splendid zonophone, kindly lent by Mr.ll. Rush. Dancing was then began and was kept up with great gusto till 12.30. Bro. Si. Kelly and J. Reilly acted as M.C's. A cornet solo " God save Ireland ' by Bro. Dan Mahoney, brought a very enjoyable evening to a close.

Ambulance Corps. The annual dinner in connection with the Warring- ton Corps of the St. John Ambulance Brigade was held at Atkinson's Cafe on Saturday evening and proved most successful and enjoyable. The Chief Hon. Surgeon (Dr Adams) presided and amongst others present were: The Mayor (Dr Joseph), Mr ' Harold Smith, M.P., Dr Law (hon surgeon), Dr Manson (bon surgeon), Dr Jackson (Colonel 3rd West Lanes- shite Field Ambulance Territorial Force), Captain Waring (chief officer), Supt Baldry, First ufficer Wills and Mr E A Spann (lion secretary.). Apologies for inability to be present were received from Sir Gilbert Greenall, Mr A H Crosfield, Captain Crobfield, the Chief Constable, Councillor T S Steel, Colonel C J Trimble (Deputy Commissioner No. IV. District) and Mr J C Coppock. During the evening several toasts were honoured and reference was made to the fret that over forty members of corps had volunteered to form a voluntary aid detachment to attend to the wounded in case cf an invasitn of the country.—Mr. Harold Smith, M.P., presented on behalf of the corps, a handsome biscuit barrel (inscribed on the silver lid) to Mr ~'red Taylor upon his resignation ss an officer of the headquarters division, and knives and forks to Ur A E Spann, the bon. secretary, as a mark of appreciation from Capt. Waring,—The Mayor presented the following : Labels : First Officer Williams, Sergeants Fell Banning and Williamson, Privates Weston, nankin- son, Jubb, Broomhall, Kirby, Freeman and Ayres. Medallions : Privates Betley, Mowatt and Makin. Second Year Certificates : Privates W Ice and P Loftus.—A pleasing miscellaneous programme was rendered, Dr Law giving two highly dramatic recite- tons. Mr Walter Bennett, Mr Thomas Reddish, Mr Taylor, Mr Knowles, and Mr J W Newns contributed some excellent songs, Mr Anderson accompanying. Sequel to a Motor Accident. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Stanger, K C., the hearing was concluded of the action in which Allston Morland Johnson, electrical engineer, Manchester, sued J. Bayley Isaac, provision dealer, Warrington, fQr £42 13s. 3i for personal injuries and damages to a motor cycle alleged to have been caused by the defendant's negligent driving of a motor car. Mr. Suffer, of Manchester (instructed by Mr. LW. H. Todd, Manchester), appeared for the plaintiff, and the defendant was represented by Mr. Cuthb rt Smith, of Liverpod (instructed by Messrs. Wood and Lord, of Manchester). The action was a sequel to a collision at the Delamere cross roads and plaintiff alleged

that the car was being driven at too great a speed to enable it to pull tip. In attempting to turn to the right, the car collided with the porch of an old toll house, broke one of the pillars and did other damage—The defendant contended that he took every precaution and sounded his horn, but the plaintiff was travelling so rapidly that a collision was inevitable. The car was travelling at between four and five miles an hour. After the accident plaintiff was alleged to have admitted that it was his fault and to have eaid to the defendant " You saved my life by doing what you dbl." Defen- dant's version of the affair was borne out by Messrs George Finch, licencee of the Griffin Hotel, and F. Milling who were travelling in the car.— His Honour, in giving judgment, raid it was incumbent on both parties to have used proper caution when approaching such a dangerous crows road. He thought the plaintiff was guilty of some imprudence in increasing his speed when the other car was in view or Wore the car came into view. In his evidence be said be increased the speed and it was that act which debarred him from succeeding in this action. The plaintiff might have avoided the accident by exercise of reasonable care. He gave judgment for the defendant with coits.

Next Week at the Picturedrome. At every performance next week—and in the evening the performance sill be a continual one--the senaational drama, " The Great Moment " will be depicted in three acts acts and 82 scenes. 'The fire scene is reputed to be a marvel of sensationalism. Warrington Canine Society. Dog fanciers will be interetrted to learn that a local , show promoted by the Warrington Canine Society will be held on Boxing D.ty, December 2Gth, in the Palatine Rink. There will be 20 classes, including a children's Class, open to competitors in a 20 mile radius. Sankey Bridges Adult School. Last Sunday morning's lecturette was delivered by Mr. J. W. Jones. The snbjrct taken was " Know ledge, and its value." Speaking from the point of view of a working man, Mr. Jones enumerated some of the &Ili .ulties to be overcome in the varch for knowledge and gave a number of illustrations of the delights to be obtained by the acquisition thereof.

" Catch-My-Pal." A meeting f tie Inc .1 bra%ch of the " Catch-My- Pal " movement wan held last night in the Bank Quay Mission, when an address was given by Mr. Thomas D. Leslie, the newly-appointed representative in the district of the United Kingdom Alliance. The meeting will be held in the Golborne-street Chapel on Friday, December Ist, when Mr. J. Upson, JP., will preside.

Masonic Service. At the invitation of the chaplain (the Rev. J. 11. G Hollingwottla) and the W.M.(W Bro. W.H. Owen), of the St. Elphin Lodge, a number of the M monic brethren at ended a special service at St Barnabas' Church on Wednesday evening. The service was conducted by the Chaplain, who also gave an appro. priate sermon Afierwards. Mr. F. M. Darby, Mute. Bac ,gave a short organ recitsl, which rust with much appreciation. Important Post for Mr. Walter G. Loegdin. We are pleased to learn that Mr. Walter G. Longdin, youngest son of the Warriegton Borough Surveyor, who has for some years been asaistaat- engineer at Rangoon, has received the important post of Chief Engineer at Lahore India, a city of over 300,000 inhabitants. Mr. ly;agdin is just 30 years old, and leaves Rangoon with the expressed wish of ithe Public Works' Committee there that he will some I day return as its chief engineer. Will of the Late Mr. John Geddes. Probate of the will of the late Mr. John Geddes, J.P. el Clifford Villa, Waverton, Chester, and of War- rington, tea merchant, has been granted, the gross estate beine sworn at £37,075 ds. 10d. and the net pemonality at £30,321 198. id. There are no public bequests, legacies are given to all the deceased's gentlemen's employes, both in his blindness and at his residence and the residue of the estate is bequeathed in trust for his widow and children. FIRE GRA.TES. If you want a new grate our large and varied stook will interest S. G ARLAND Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Co-operative Society's Entertainments. Another of the series of concerts and entertain- ments promoted by the Education Committee of the Co-operative Society was held on Thursday evening in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street when Mr. Fred Morgan, of Manchester,gave a recital. The prc- gramme consisted of selections from Shakespeare and Dickens, and a number of miscellaneous and humorous pieces. In interpreting the works of Dickens the reciter gavewonderfully vivid impersonations of Uriah Heap, Scrooge, and Micawber. There was a:large and appreciative audience and the entertainment proved agreat success. Grappenhall Estates Offered for Sale An important property sale took place at the Lion Hotel on Thursday when, by direction of Colonel 0. Mosley Leigh, Mr. Howard Frank, of Messrs. Knight, Frank, and Rutley, auctioneers, 20, Hanover-square, London, offered for sale the Grappenhall Estate, near Warrington. There were foutteen lots, comprising Grappenhall Lodge, valuable farms, accommodation land, and cottages. There was a good attendance, but only three lots 'see sold. The Pouch and Hock Farm, 33a 2r 11p, was withdrawn at £1,410, while "The Beet-ties," a small holding, was withdrawn at £3,350. The Canal Bank Farm, 07a 3r 22p, was bought for £3,190 by Mr. J. Geghorn, Northwich, and a detached cottage close to the some farm by the tenant (Mr. Peacock) for £250. Ur. J. Bradford, of Grappenhall, bought three acres of arable land for £135. White House Farm, 53 acre., was withdrawn at £2,575, and the Manor Farm, of 111 acres, was withdrawn at £3,350. No offer was made for Grappenhall Lodge. Warrington Photographic Society. Messrs. Burroughs and Wellcome always send acme good slides when a society asks ior a yearly lecture, belt on Tuesday an exceptionally good lecture accom- panied them. Although, as is natural, the reading matter deals largely with the excellence of of their products in their own eyes, it was in many parts an inspiration to an amoteur photographer. Its title, "Ways and Means in Photography," was well borne out by the hints as to where and how to get our pictures, and in a more strictly Parliamentary sense, it gave the ways and means of making some money by our hobby, and eves broad hints as to how to spend it when made. The writer spent a holiday at Robin Hood's Bay and during a storm a steamer was driven ashore and became a complete wreck. With a tele- scopic lens some excellent pictures of the ruined vessel half hidden by the spray were taken next morning, and a last view of the fragments of hull left on the shore were pathetic enough. The crew had been rescued by the rocket apparatus. The fifty pictures in the lecture included views of Bye and Winchelsea as well as .ther bits from all over the country and even from Alt ica. The chair was taken by Mr. A. Davis and many private members' slides were tried after the business was concluded. CUTLERY, Rodgers celebrated knives and forks, acc. —Agent, J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge It., Warrington.—Advt. Warrington Socialist Society. The weekly lecture in connection with the above society, was held on Sunday evening last. Mr. Harry Hughes of St. Helens se Ate on "The practicability of S He said it was a lamentable fact that the workers accepted and resigned themselves to miserable conditions as though they were inevitable and impossible of being changed. The worker regarded S cialism as a dream and therefore impossible of attainmeet. Socialism was first and foremost a "bread and butter" question, and seeing that it undoubtedly would affect the economic standing of every worker, it should recieve their serious con- sideration. The profound c ,ntradiction in modern society was due to the fact that the principle of co-operation was invariably employed for production, whereas the distribution of the profim was made solely upon the principle of individualism. Public ownership would inevitably alter this. As to the practicability of public ownership, abundant favour- able proof is continually forthcoming. Until this idea was extended to include all means of production and the peop'e had complete power and control enabling them to ieceive full return fcr their labour, nothing could benefit them to any considerable extent. Royal National Lifeboat Institution.

A drawing-rrom meeting, in connection with the above, was held at the Hollins, Latchford, by invita- tion of Mrs. Broadb:nt, the object being to elect a Ladies' Auxilia7 Committee for Warringtou acd district, to work in conjunction with the General Com- mittee, of which Mr. E. Morris is the secretary. About , 25 ladies were present, and, after listening to an 'interesting ad ireas by Mr. Johnson, the organizing secretary for the North, a strong representative com- mittee was formed, with the Mayoress as president, Mrs. Broadbent, vice-president, Miss Dorothy Browne as hon. secretary, and Miss Massy as hon, treasurer.- It woe decided that the neighbourhood should be divided into districts, with one member of the com- mittee responsible for collecting annually in each sub- scriptions and donations. The previous nays of collecting had not proved very successful, and it was thought the above method would be the best, obvisti- ing, as it does, any expense. Mr. iforrii told the meeting that he had just circulated 1,90, t letters of appeal to the residents of War- rington and dist: ice, which he hoped would meet wib sytli:q athetic response. (Applause) Mr. Johnson, in the course of his address, explained I Gist if the lifeboat were a Slate Institution, as some pa-rple thought desirable, it woul I be much more costly; also that if the crews were paid professionally for their services there would not be the same heroism in life-saving as now exists. (Hear, hear.) In answer to accusations sometimes heard that the Institution was extravagant in administration. Mr. Johnson said that oily seven per cent. f the funds was used in this way. During 1910 the number of lives saved by the National Lifeboat was 767, and since the Institution was started, in 1824, the number was 19,394. A striking incident in connection with the meeting is the fact that Mr. Morris himself, and the son of one or the ladies present, had been saved from wreck in the same lifeboat.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
SENSATIONAL AMALGAMATION. MESSRS. CROSFIELDS' ABSORBED BY MESSRS. BRUNNER MONO'S.

The news reached us last evening of a sensational development in commercial cirelso by which Messrs. Brunner, Mond, and C 0,,, Ltd., the world-famous chemical manufac- turers of Northwich and Winsford, have absorbed Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sone. Ltd., soap and chemical manufacturers, Warrington.

We ai'occe telephoned Mr. J. F. L. Brunner for confirmation of the report, and he very courteously informed us that it was quite correct. He added in explanation that the two companies had exchanged shares, and that the preponderating influence would be with Messrs. Brunner Mond and Co.

STATEMENT BY MR. J. J. CROSFIELD. Last evening we telephoned Mr. J. J. Crosfield, chairman of Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd, who informed us that the amalgamation would make no difference to the conduct of that firm's busi- ness, which would be carried on under the same management as at present. "We have always" be added" had very close business relations with Messrs. Brunner Mond & Co., and are their biggest customers. This is simply drawing the ties a little closer."

GOSSAGES' INCLUDED. Later we learned that the firm of Messrs. Gossage, of Widnes, was also included, making the amalgamation one of the largest which has taken place in the commercial world for a long time. There can be little doubt that the new move will be a good thing for Warrington, as the association of these leading firms presents a tremendously powerful combin- ation for developement purposes. Warrington will, it is safe to assume, participate largely in those extensions. The enterprising character of Messrs. Brunner, Mond & Co., is well-known—in fact the firm has a world- wide reputation, and is one of the best or 'employers. Each of the three concerns will preserve its separate identity as at present, and each will strengthen the other in certain directions.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR JOHN BRUNNER.

It is interesting—and to Lancashire and Cheshire Liberals especially gratifying—to note that Sir John T. Brunner Bart.. was on Thursday elected President of the National Liberal Federation.

Death of Mr. George Mounfield. We much regret to announce the death Yesterday of Mr. George Mounfield, Ingle Nook, Latchiord. Mr. Mounfield wan confined to his bed with cancer of the throat at the time of the lamented death of his wife on September IS h last, and be has gradually worsened ever since. He was well-known in business as cabinet-maker and undertaker in Buttermarket- street, and enjoyed the respect and esteem of a large community. Mr. Mounfield was about 61 years of age, and bad long been associated with the Friars- green Independent Ali thodist Church, and later with the Independent Me hodiats at Gtappenhall. Wycliffe Sale of Work. . • • • • - • •

F.Mr readers are reminded that a sale of work in aid of the Church funds will be held in Wyclifle Memorial Hall, Edgeworth-street, on Thursday nest. I Mrs. A. H. Crm.field will pm form the opening ceremony. During the evening a musical programme will be provided. Noted Bowler's Death Participators in Lancashire C fluty Club Bowling Championship Competitions will regret to learn of the death of Mr. Thomas Critcbley, of the Wigan Subscription Club. Ile was 53 years of age. His last performance was against Warrington Cemetery in the semi-final for the Senior Club Championship at Newton-le-Willows, when, after a memorable draw, Warrington won. Bold-street Wesleyan Choir. • • -- • • • • •

The members of t'tie Bold-street Wesleyan choir gave a auccessful concert in the schoolroom on Thursday evening, before a large audience. A most interesting and high-class programme was submitted, the choir acquitting itself well in the part songs- Now is my Chloris fresh as May" (I (Ile)," Who is Sylvia ?" (German), " The Miller's wooing" (Pan;ng and The long day closes" (Sulliran). The ladies of the choir were heard to special advantage in "A June rose bloomed " (Coleridge Taylor) and "The Snow'. agar). The soloists were Mrs. Arthur Booth, Misses Emily Taylor, F Wood, Lucy Evans, A Hough, Dorothy Lawton, Carrie Hastings, Kershaw and M. Whitmore, Messrs George Wilde, John McArthur, and W Warburton. The duet "The moon bath raised" was given by Messrs Hassell and Warburton. Humorous readings by Mr H M AMA n were much appreciated. Cordial thanks are due to the choir master (Mr Frank Hickman) for arranging auch a delightful evening. Warrington Tradesman's Association. On Thureday evening at tilai Winmarleigh Cafe, the Warrington Trialesmen's Association held its first s:cial gathering and it was undoubtedly a pro- nounced success, ut 110 sitting down to tea. Afterwards there was a Whist Drive, interspersed with music. The arrangements had been made by a sub-committee composed of Messrs. W. Isherwood, J Lord, J E White, and J Critchley and everything passed off remarkably well. The musical items were contributed by Mrs W T Williams, Miss Robertson, Miss Sutton, Mr Critchley, Mr W Sutton, Mr Harrison and Mr F Booth accompanying. Tbe whist prize winners were as follows ; —Ladies, 1, Miss Roberts; 2 ,Mrs Leslie, 3, Mass Jones ; consolation, Mrs E Balmford. Gents ; 1, Mr R Tebbutt ; 2, Mr G Houghton ; 3, Mr T Vialitehurst ; consolation, Mr W Smith. Stewards were Messrs W Isherwood, .1 Critchley, J Lord, J E White, W II Owes, 110 Rhoden. The catcring was excellent.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

A very lively entertainment has keen provided at the popular Palace this week, is whieh Frank Elliston sketch " Three and a Fool pl.,vs a prominent part. The id-ra ne is mirth-pruvaieg. and worked up in Ellkon's boisterous style it provokes what the programme juvtly describes a.. whirlwind of laughter. Master James Garnett is one of the present day precocious ruusi-al geniuses, and his performances on the zylophone and other instru- ments are very favourably received and testify to his taliants. Meatus. Adams and Ward mei es knock•aboot comedians, and • bright turn is provided by the charming soubrette, Civsy Thompson. Another sketch which has humour as its motive is " Yokels in School," and the juvenile combination responsible give an entertaining and skilful selection of songs, dances and pantomime. W. B. Baby treats the audience to some original comic snags. well sung, the chief being at the expense of the referee and cleverly set to popular melodies. Messrs. Moran and Tingley dance delightful!. in an upside down fashion said to be American and ihe Vigoranto trio carve out . .

- • line of their own as acrobats snl " teetJa

performers." NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

For the-C7Ming week the Boocing-17ral—ons. lead the srsy, and offer the usual F °pular competition. Arnold , Eirhardeon will present the great comedy sketch Ferdie's Ma-in-law," and George Doughty MA Molly Loney will appear in " A Woman's Way." Other artistes are Wlll Beanland " L'extraorlinair• dame." The Forestirs in s dramatic playlet. Walter Read, banjoi?t, Jaciley and Le Sine, comedian?, and Mabel Osborne, comedienne.

WrOkihN'S RIGHT&—WHY pay enormous prices, E for the see of 3s. we oen make you a seven goreel Tailor-made aklrt from our famous Homespun Cmaume Cloths in 111. k, Navy, Brows, Wine, Grey and Green to your own measurements; satisfaction gooranteel. FRI:E to every purchaser we preseat a hendsome 2! Carat Gold Cased Necklet and Cameo Paden for a limited time only. Sand P.O. alao length, waist sad hip measures to HAIGH & CO. Usaufacturers, 4, Thornton rd., Bradford, Yorks.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
11 : ,o. ,L, 1 - ,- , 1 TS I

n OU

GIRL FINED FOR STREET BETTING.

_ At the Borough Police Court on Wednesday, before Alderman Smethurst and other magistrates, Ads Hassell, aged seventeen years, of Lovely-lane, Warring- ton, was charged with street betting. The police evidence showed that the vicinity of Lovely-lane and Windsor-street was on Tuesday kept under observation bt Police Constable Skelton who saw the girl receive slips of paper and money from a number of men and youths. After watching her for some time the officer apprehended her. She began to scream and created a ecene. She was subsequently conveyed to the Police Station in a cab. Thirteen betting slips relating to horses running at Warwick were handed over by the defendant to the police. The Chairman (Alderman Smethurst) said it mass very serious pffence for a girl. It was evident she was intim nced by someone else, who was as much to blame. A fine of £lO and costa was impose. (BRUTAL HUSBAND SENT TO PRISON. At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, before the Mayor and other magistrates, William Taylor, Dallsm-lare, was charged with an aggravated assault upon his wife, Alice Taylor, on Satorday night. The Chief Constable said the prisoner's wife, who van living sport from him, was talking to a neighbour in Dallam-lane when the prisoner passed along the street. and treed at wive language. The neighboor remonstrated with him, whereupon he went into his lodgings and brought the poker, with which he struck his wife on the bead, main a severe wound. Prisorer raid he had ro recollection of what had happened. He was drunk at the time. The wagisi rates sent him to gaol for three months. A reparation order, with so allowance of Ss. weekly, was granted the wife. ANOTHER BOOKMAKER FINED.

At the Borough Police Conrt on Thursday John window-clesner, 85 Ellesmere-street, was summoned for loitering in Wellington•str-et for the purp,re of pay ing bets. About seven o'clock on Wednesday night prisoner was scan by Detective W ollscott to be cccosted by two men. After. short conversation prisoner produced. slip of roper and appeased to mark oft a name. He after- wards handed to the men some money. When arrested, prisoner admitted he was there for the purpose of paying out to his clients. A fine of £lO and costs was imposed. THE STORY OF A CASH BOX.

- -- At the Warrington Police Court on Thursday. a man who gave his mime as William Jones Was charged with loitering with intent to commit a felony. It was Stat ed ant lest night prisoner entered the shop of Messrs. Gilbey and Sons, Limited, Sankey- street,Warrington, and purchased a bottle of port wine, After the purchase was made the prisoner enticed the young lady shop Resistant outside the shop by asking certain qeestions relative to some wine in the window. Whilst she was envaced a confederate of the prisoner entered the shop. Becoming suspicions she returned to the doorway,when the man was about to leave. She noticed something Milky wider the coat, and asked him what he brd got there. whereupon the men immediately dropped the cash-box and ran away He was followed by a young nine, who saw him lease Warrington by the 7.55 'min to Manchester There we e evidently three I men in the plot, for another man who was standing a few yards early absconded along with the prisoner. They were hept under observation, and later in the evening were observed charging certain articles of clothirg in order to avoid arrest. Subsequently Police- corstahle Green was informed of this incieent, and he effected the arrant of prisoner, who had the bottle of wine in his pessennion. The police were engaged in making inquiries for the other two men, and a remand of a week wan neressary. This was granted. ALLEGED TSEFT OF HOUSE OF FURNITURE.

-he a 'l4

I

===== 0002601_19111125_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTRAORDINARY STORY.

An extraordinary rose was opened at the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday when a charge of stealing furniture to the value of £BO wasnreferred against John Woosey. an sx-rail way porter, of Parker-street, Warring- ton, and Elias Emily Partridge, 6 White-street. The furniture, which included a rosewood cabinet, was the property of Thomal Partridge, the huaband of the male defendant Mr. A. Browne, who prosecuted, evplained that Mr. Partridge wee a post office linesman, stationed at Warrington. Since July last the prisoner Woolsey bad been payina great attention to Mrs. Partridge. In con- sequence numerous quarrels bad taken place, and the climax was reached on Friday morning last when Mrs. Partridge threatened she would leave her husband. He warned her that if she did go she must not take any- thing with her, to which the replied she would take the whole lot. The husband, thinking it was an idle threat, went to his work as must. at eight o'clock the next morning. On his return, he found the place in total darkneaa, and that the house had been stripped of the furniture. tie made inquiries and ascertained that the two prisoners bad been loading the furniture on a railway lorry during the day. He traced the furniture to Bank Quay. Goods Yard, and found that it had been despatched to Edgebill Station, Liverpool A search was made for the prisonere, bat without success. On Monday Police Sergeant Stuart was waiting near the Edge-hill Goods Station, where he saw both prisoners and effected their arrest. He (Mr. Browne) applied for a remand, as the magistrates had no jurisdiction to try the case. He was prepared to prove that the articles were the sole property of the husband g A remand of seven days was granted.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Borough Police Court.

MONDAY.

Bercre the Mayor On the chair). Aldermen Smethurst, Bolton Red JIIIIIPS Evans, Messrs S Wright, W _ _ . .

Furness, G Pißine, W Roberta, and H Thorntoo. THErr on PIGEONS. -Albert Bent, 18, George-street, and Jabez Davenport, (14), 53, Catherine-street, were charged with stealing three pigeons, value la 6d, the property of Thome. Jones, 115, Foz-street.—Tbe evi- dence was to the effect thet defendants called to see Jones on Thursday afternoon, end discovering that there was no one in the house robbed the pigeon cote. Bent forced open the cote, whilst Davenport kept a look out. When Jones returned home he had his suspicions, sod visited Bent's house. Bent denied all knowledge of the pigeons, but when Jones looked inside his cote he WA acorn tin which he recognized as his propertv. Then hearing a cooing sound he dis- covered two of his pigeons underneath a basket in the yard. Bent explained that somebody must have put the pigeons there, and gave them up along with another bird. It was alleged that Davenport had the third pigeon, but wrung its neck and threw it into a field.— The Chief Constable said that Bent had been In trouble several times before, and he bad undoubtedly led thel younger prisoner astray.—Bent was lined 20e, including costs, with a dofsult of 14 days ; and Davenport was placed under probation for 12 months. THURSDA Y.—Befere lefr J Rymey Young (in the chair) Messrs W i?ol'orts, A J Joley, W Upson, W T '

Williams, and IN-Naden. ',LOITERING —The adjourned .6 e against William Riley, of no settled abode, who was found loitering in Wash-lane with intent to commit a felony, was con- cloded.—The youth promised to return to a homibin Southport and was discharged.

Photo Burrell. TWO LONG RED MANGDLDS, WEIGHING 40 AND 42Las. RESPECTIVELY. These mangolds were grown in Cheshire and have been exhibited at Mr. Williams' Farm, Fearnhead. The one on the chair is the average-sized mangold.

X r

ELEGANT SUIT in FINEST SEAL MUSQUASH. 37 Guineas.

„ . - ;127, dite4t:. * . ' • ' , . 4 < . - . . • << 14, .• s: 7 •

===== 0002601_19111125_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. BOOTH LECTURES ON " SCHUBERT."

A delightful evening was provided for the members of Bold-street Wesley Guild on Monday when Mrs. Arthur Booth gave a paper on " Franz Schubert," followed by illustrations from his works by Mrs Booth, Miss Clarice Newell and Mr. W. Hipkiss. In a most interesting way Mrs. Booth outlined the career of the great musician, pointing out that from his earliest years Schubert, who Won a native of Vienna, showed a great love of music. While still very young be contracted a warm boyish friendship for a young relative—a joiner'sapprentice—and often went with him to visit a pianoforte warehouse,where he was employed. There the young musician learnt his (fist exercises without any teacher to guide ban and ssbenat the age of I seven, he commenced a course of regular musical instruction, it was discovered that he had already mastered all the rudiments which his master proposed to teach him. Not only as an execntant did he cause' his friends surprise, for at a very early age he began to pour out the divine melodies with which his soul over- flowed, Perhaps in the whole of musical history we should find that, with the exception of Mozart, there was soother prodigy who could be said to compare with Schubert. Mozart was laded 1 an infant wonder, writing s concerto for the piano at the age of six. But after Moz at, there was earl none equal to Schubert. His brother Ferdinand told Us that Franz wrote a fantasia for both hands for the piano at the age of thirteen, and " The Lament of Hagar "—his first song—at the age of fourteen. But there was evidence that he had written songs, pieces for the piano- forte, and even string quartets, long before then. Though Schubert had composed so many other forms of work, it was essentially as a song writer that he would always be remembered. When he was fairly lunched on his musical career, he discovered, as so many had done before and since, how difficult it was to obtain recognition and recompense for ertistic labours. Could we name any great composer whose genies had been filly recognised in his life-time ?Some had had recognition, hut wanted bread. Others had had food, but no recognition. Schubert was without both. Like Mozart and Beethoven, he had a great aversion to teaching music, and excepting in one instance, always avoided that means of earning a livelihood. The lectuer next touched upon the one romantic episode of Schubert's life his unrequited love for the Countess Caroline. Soloubert never actually declared his passion, but it was undoubtedly revealed to her indirect ways, though it was possible she never realised its strength and fervour. Reference was made to the composer's struggles and disappoint- ments, his bad health and poverty which at one time seemed to be driving him to despair. In a letter dated 1824 he wrote t " Every night when I go sleep, I hope that I may never wake again, and every morning renews the grief of yesterday. My affairs are going on badly and I never have any money." Soon afterwards he had his first success with some of his songs at a concert. Eventually, he accepted £BO from the publishers for the copyright of twelve songs, including the " Erl King." But 113 far as the lecturer could discover, that was the largest fee ever paid to him by any publishers. Toe Eel King" alone brought them in £2,700, which made it not a bad speculation for the publishers. That Schubert wastreated badly by his publishers was evident. Even in his later years, when his name was becoming known, he found it quite impossible to procure any satisfactory negotiations with them. Perhaps in some respects it was his own fault. It was a well-known fact that the artistic nature was inclined to be untusibeeslike, and in addition Schubert had an innate modesty that made him reserved and timid to such a degree that he failed to reap the harvest of his labours. That his finances were indeed in a low state might be gathered from the fact that when he died Is November 1828, before he bad completed his 32nd year, the whole of his property, including his clothing, was officially valued £6. And it was necessary for his friends to give a concert, and collect friendly offering., to enable them to place a monument on his grave. When we con- sidered the gigantic mass of compositions left by him, and the early age at which death overtook him, we must be convinced of his extraordinary industry and activity. A great talent was committed to his c ire, and surely he utilized it faithfully and nobly. Though no little recognized during his life, no student would deny that he held an important place in the history of music. It was he who created for us the art song as we know it. Before Schubert the scheme of song as a setting for poetry was tune, and tone only, but he introduced into his songs a realism which had welded into a perfect 'whole the living words and mnsic. Delightful hours might be spent with his beautiful melodies, in trying to read into them some of the meaning be had expressed there. And the time spent must assuredly be much more profitably occupied than in wading through some of the wishy washy sentimental ballads one heard so often in the modern drawingroom. The musical programme which,along with the lecture, was highly appreciated was as follows:—Planoforte solo "Impromptu wiith variations in Bfiat," Miss Clarice Newell : songs ,(1) "Who in Sylvia," (h) "Hark, hark, the lark," (c) Margaret at the spinning wheel," (d) "The EH King," Mrs. Booth ; pianoforte nobo "Impromptu in E flat," Miss Clarice Newell; song "The Shepherd on the Bock" (clarinet obligato by Mr. Hipkin), Mrs. Booth. Miss Newell was the accompanist.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
YULETIDE GIFTS.

The Committee of the Wesleyan Theological Institu- tions which has charge of the training of young ministers, considered at its last meeting the offer of £5,000 from Mr. Michael Cutteridge, of the Surrey and North Hants Mission, towards establishing a hostel at Cambridge for youog Wesleyan ministerial students. The project was well received by the Committee, and had the support of Dr. Davidson, who presided, Dr. Moulloo, and Dr. Scott Lidgett. After discussion the Committee unanimously voted in favour of the pro- posal and appointed a representative ateticommittee to report to the next meeting of the timers! Committee In April.

- - -, .-L"-- - O .... - L 4

Emmanuel Church Sale of Work.

The sale of work held last week realised £llO. Hostel for Wesleyan Ministerial Students.

&

===== 0002601_19111125_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
St. John's Presbyterian Church.

On Thursday afternoon of last week the St. John's Branch of the Women's Missicnary Association of the Presbyterian Church of England met in the church. Mrs. William Reid occupied the chair, and there was also present Mrs. Macdonald, of Bowdon, the secretary of the association for Manchester Presbytery. There woe a good attendance of members of the branch, and an interesting address wsa delivered by Miss Mscarthur a lady missionary, at present home on furlough from Chinchew, China. Miss Macartbur gave a detailed account of the work of her colleagues and herself amongst the women and girls in Chinchew and district where the Presbyterian Church his churches, schools, hospital, 6:3.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. There was a hearty meeting on Sunday, Mr A Healey presiding. Mr. Woolley gave the address upork And he shall bs like a tree plan' ei by the rivers of water." The river side was a most healthy place for the growth of the tree. So to be healthy Christians we must find the best places for the growth of our Christian character. Consenution of self, and communion with others,private devotion and public service were healthy places for tn. As the body must ha fed, so the soul must fled refreshment by living on Christ, who was our life and our all. Mr D M'Cachren read the lesson, Mr Woolley led the prayer. The secretary welcomed one new member.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe Ch arch. Foreign Missionary Anniversary.

Sermons on behalf of foreign missions were preached at Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday, when there were large congregations. In the morning the pastor (Rev .1 Yonge) made a strong appeal for support for the London Missionary Society, giving interesting particulars as to the amounts raised for that object during his pastorate at Wycliffe. In the evening the Rev W C Willoughby, of Tiger Kloof. S. Africa, gave an interesting and powerful address on work in that psrt of the missionary field. The colllections for the day amounted to £52 17s. Ed. In connection with the Anniversary a missionary meeting was held in the Memorial 11411 on Wednesday evening at which the principal speakers were: the Rev W C Willoughby, of South Africa and the Rev U Collins of Madagascar. Mr. COLLINS, who has been engaged in missionary work for nearly thirty years, gave an interesting account of hie eight years work in South Madagascar. He said the people of that part of the country found intercession in the worship of their ancestors. They pleaded with their ancestors to propitiate between them and God. He had seen families gathered round the tomb of their ancestors and pray for the spirits to intercede This worship had led the people to resort to the wear- ing of charms. There was a belief in witchcraft and the people were entirely under the influence of the witch doctors and diviners. Despite these conditions the Caristien missions had made great p.ogreas. Thirty Tears ago they had only one Sunday school, but now they had 597 with attendance of 30,00) scholars. They had also a number of day schools, but the French regulations prevented them teaching certain subjects. The missionaries did a great deal of good work is dis- pensing medicines. The people were full of ignorance in regard to the question of health and if the mission- aries only continued to do that kind of work they would have accomplished something indeed. Notwithstand- ing the ninety years missionary work in Madagascar two-thirds of the population was still without any know- ledge of Jesus Christ, The Rev. W. C. WiLLOCCHBY said that the states which formed the British Empire were linked together, not by any Imperialistic bond but by the b nad of a common ideal. It was their duty as Nonconformista to take religion into the furthermost pert of the Empire. Their message was one of individual responsibility, and in taking that message to the nation they avers in danger of promoting a parochial spirit. Parochialism became a distinctive danger to Nonconformity which found its distinctive impressions in egotism. The only possible way to counteract that danger was to constantly worship at the cross which woe the great symbol of sacrifice. What they wanted to secure was the allvation of the whole world. It was often said that charity began at home. They had heard it no often that they were not likely to forget it, bui, if it stayed there it was not christian charity. Christianity had only survived by being eggressivo and wires it ceased its aggression the dnadisnce which threatened will complete the end. It was the missions which gave birth to that comparative religion, and it was one of the moral contributions which the missions had made to the church at hc me. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19111125_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Latchford Wesleyan Church.

Services on behalf of the Weelesan Methodist Foreign Missionary Society were held at this church en Sunday when large congregations assembled to hear the Rev. C. W. Posnett, who gave highly interesting addresses on his pioneer work in Medak, India. For the afternoon service, some of the children were dressed in costumes representing various Indian characters and the missionary told inc graphic manner the life Story of each.

On Monday evening Mr. Pnanett gave a lantern lecture on his work at :Bedsit, laTing special stress upon the value of medical missions. Mr. Poenett accompanied by his sister and Miss Harris took up missionary labours at Medak seventeen years ago and the fact that they were able to open a dispensary immediately on their arrival was of infinite importance. The very famine which was such a cares to the country generally provided a splendid object lesson to the people of the reality of the Christian doctrines of love and service for their fellow men. Me., Posnett was able to unfold a romantic, wonderful and thrilling story of one of the most successful medical and evangelistic missions in the whole mission field. Referring to native agencies, be spoke of the value of the theological training institution which had been established. It was absolutely necessetry that their evangelists in the first place should be " men of one book," acql he bad striven with evangelists and Bible women all these years to make it their ideal. The type of men who came to them now was miles ahead, both

mentally and morally of the men whom they first had to receive many years ego. These men and women— they bad to-day more than a hundred of them—were all total abstainers and were all truly converted. They I were most passionately anxious for the day when they could go, and in the most dangerous places, to preach Christ to their own people. Mr. .1. G. Withinshaw presided over a large andienr.e The collections during the week-end were a recor for the anniversary.

Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. Anniversary Services. Large oongregatio..s attended the anniversary services held at this chum hon Sunday. The preacher was the Rev. F. .1. Pope, of Liverpool, who delivered powerful and impressive sermons %hid] were listened to with great interest. In the morning he took for his test the words: " But in a great house there are not only vessels of gold and of silver, but also of wood and of earth, and some to honour and some to dishonour. If man, therefore, purge himself from these, be shall lies vessel unto honour, sanctified and meet for the master's nee, and prepared into every good work " (2 Timothy ii., 2(1-21). At the evening service, his subject was" Individuality," and be based upon the calling of St. Matthew from thp receipt of custom, a strong appeal to Christians to realise the individuality in the great mans of people cutside the Church. Special music was given at each service. Mr. Percy E. Hall, of the Hallit choir, was the soloist and sang with mach feeling " Waft her angels" from Jeptha " and "If with all your hearts" from " Elijah." " List the cherubic hosts " from Gaul's "Holy City '• was effectively interpreted by Mite Hipkiss (solo soprano), Mr. A. W. Pearce (solo baritone) and Misses 11. Hipkips, L. Evans and M. Wardle. SPIRITUAL Re:LIGION AND SOCIAL REFORM.'

-- On Monday evening the Rev. F, J. POPE delivered • lecture on " Spiritual Religion and Social Reform." Mr. R. CORBETT, who presided, said there was a great need throughout the country for more spiritual religion. When they got that, they would have a greater measure of social reform, and of that true reform which resulted from the individual being spiritualised The Rev. P. J. POPE said many people had the idea that in the two phrases" Spiritual religion " and '• Social reform " they had two schemes with nothing in common, two different ways of dealing with the woes, the wrongs and the eins of men. On the one band they had the man to whom religion wan such a spiritual thing that it had nothing whatever to do with social movements and had no place whatever in the political world. It was a private thine belonging to a man's inner life. On the other hand they had the man whose motto was "Social reform," who had no patience with anything that was speculative or visionary, who raid there might be a God or there might not, bat our principal business was with the world as we found it and with our fellows. He would nay" Look around you and you will see men living under conditions that make morality and goodness almost impossible. You will see how one man trades upon another; you see suffering, wrong and injustice on every hand. The proper thing to do is to take off your coat and try and do something to right those wrongs and make the world a better and happier place. Let us look after our brothers and, if therein a God in heaven, it will be all right at the last." He (the speaker) was there to publish the banns of marriage between spiritual religion and social reform. He wished to take his hearers through certain periods of the history of our country to show how, over and over again, it had been demonstrated that spirituel religion and social reform were linked together in the purpose of God. If they read history as John Richard Green wrote it, they began to under- stand its fascination. When he (the speaker) went to school, they lone to wade in blood from the first to the last page of history and, except for the names of Binge and Queens and a few dates, it was mostly a record of battles they had to learn. He wee glad we 'bad come to have a saner and truer view of English history and John Richard Green represented the new way of interpretative it. He declared that wars had played a very small part in the development of our country and the building up of our character and constitution, and that other things—peaceable movements, literature and preaching—had, more than anything else, helped to make England great. The speaker referred to the condition of serfdom in whnti large masses of the Engliah people found themselves after the Norman conquest tallith pieced the country under new management and gave all the high places in the State and Church to Normans. Theo he passed on to the signing by King John of the Magna Charts, which lay at the root of our liberties. That Charter was conceded not merely through the pressure of the Barons who gathered round the king and forced him to sign it, but bemuse England at large demanded it. In the words of Stubbs, the constitutional historian, the vest Charter was the Act of the united nation—the Church, the barons and the commons for the first time thoroughly at one." What wes reaposible for the creation of that new national spirit and the enact- ment of that magnificent social advance? John Richard Green said that one of the mightiest influences was a great religions revival under the preaching of the Cistercian monks, which bad lifted up lowly men and women and given them a sense of their dignity and rights. The lecturer next touched upon a period when the religious life of England had sunk down to a very low state. The monks had become rich, bad lost their spiritual fervour, and religion had become a mere formality. The dying embers were, however' re-kindled by the Franciscan and Dominican orders of friars, poor men who spread themselves amongst the people, preaching and doing all kinds of coc.al work. There was again created in the common people a sense of independence and one of the revolts was anew democratic spirit which stirred the industrial classes to assert a share is the municipal administration which had hitherto been confined to wealthier members of the merchant guilds. Later Simon de Montfort extended representative government by summoning not only the bishops, lords and landed aristocracy but representatives of the citizens of each borough to Parliament. The next phase to come under the lectureee review was the preaching of John Wycliffe and the Lnllards—another mighty spirittal movement with wonderful effects on the lives of the common people. Trade unionism was born in a spiritual move- ment. The Lellards formed unions amongst the peasants and collected money which they held for distribution in time c need. With the "Black Death " which visi' ad England about that time came a shortage of labour, with a consequent rise in wages. An unjust and oppressive act was then passed, called the Statute of Labourers, which revived the old rule of feudalism under which no man was permitted to go beyond the limits of his manor in search of work, nor should he receive higher wages than were paid before the plague broke out. The Act, however, became a dead letter because the masses who had been converted by the preaching of Wycliffe and his followers, had epirit enough to refuse to recognise it as binding. The belief that they were sons of God and, as such, had their rights was the one great force in breaking up the feudal system and granting the people liberty to labour where work could beet be found and to make the best terms they could. Lastly the speaker described in glowing terms the spiritual revival of which John Wesiev was the head and which had effects more far-reaching than any other revival in thie country. John Wesley, under the hand of God, was able to save the England of the 18th century, which bad sunk into torpor, indifference and the most glaring iniquities. The workers received miserably trifling wages and the prices of commodities were much higher then in these days. One in every five of the population was thrown upon the parish in old age. Wesley was not simply an evangelist; he did a variety of work which was almost bewildering. He formed a loan society, opened dis peussries for the treatment of the poor, and issued a great quantity of cheap and good literature. Out of the Methodist revival of the Ilids century, the democracy of the 39th century took its rise. It created the missionary work of that century which stood out in history as the missionary century. There I was nothing finer on earth than the arrangements I for the Methodist ministry. No Methodist minister I could ever get rich or starve. The most brilliant, gifted end powerful man in their ministry stood pretty much on a level with the humblest. poorest and meanest, from a financial point of view. That was a bit of real Christiaa Socialism. Wesley created the modern social movement, and many a reform which had meant the uplifting of the poor and the conferring of rights upon the humble, would never have come to England if it had not been for the splendid impulse of the Methodist revival. It was his (the speaker's) con- viction that without the strengthening, purifjing, sweetening influence of trua spiritual religion they could never gain any strong, abiding measure of social reform. It was ths business of the ehole Church to revive in our midst religion of the true Scriptural type—a religion that would express itself in practical sympathy with the wrong and oppressed and create such a public opinion and spirit of unselfishness us RlAlltd mate possible many practical measures to uplift the poor, relieve the distressed and make the earth • little bit more like the paradise of God. (Applause). _ _ Chapter

===== 0002601_19111125_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Scrubbing Brushes

were made for floors, not for table- cloths and sheets. - You can get the dirt out without scrubbing. And the stains too. Not with ordinary soaps perhaps. But you can with Fels-Naptha in the Fels-Naptha way. That is simply soaking, rubbing lightly and rinsing. All in cold or lukewarm water. Feb-Nardi& 39 Wilson arm Loadoe II C

===== 0002601_19111125_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
PROTECTING THE CHILDREN. The Work of the N.S P.C.C.

A VICAR AND THE CRAZE FOR PLEASURE.

A strong plea fi r increased support for the great humnne work of the National Society for the Preven- tion of Cruelty to Children was made at the annual meeting of the Warrington and district baanch, held at the Town Hall on Thursday afternoon. The Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph) presided over a large attend- ance, and was supported by Mr J C Teesdale (of the Society's Central Office) and Mr W D Jeans jun. (hon. secretary of the branch). Amongst other prominent local helpers rreaent were : the Mayoresa (Miss Joseph), Mrs F A Frost, Mrs W W Dirnmelow and Miss Broadbent. Letters of apology for nomattencance were received from Sir Gilbert Greenall Bart.., C.V.O. (president of the branch), Lady Greenall, the Rev H V Pigot, Mr A J olley and others. . . .

The MAvon,speaking from his experience es a justice of tbe peace, Bald he was particularly impressed swab the foot that the Society did not make the punishment of offenders its only object. The law generally was too much dire.ff.ed towards punishment and not sufficiently curative. That Society, he was happy to say, aimed at the reclaiming of those who come within its scope and the permanent coring of the evil. (Applause). The Secretary's report on tie work of the Warrington branch showed that from April Ist 1910 to Mar.% 31st 1911 the cases investigated numbered 266 as compared with 139 last year. The number of children affected was 769 and the offenders involved, 372. The cases were classified thus : Neglect and starvation, 245 ; ill-treatment and assault, 11 ; causing to beg, 6 ; criminal assault, 2; other offence., 2. Two hundred and forty-one cases were dealt with by warning in nineteen prosecutions were ordered (all being con- victed) and six were otherwise dealt with, 209 of the children involved were known to be insured. 1542 supervision visits were paid. No fewer than 162 cases were reported to the society by the general public—an indication of the increased confidence in its work. Inspector Wainwright had continued to give satisfac- tion. The financial year had been very satisfactory and resulted in a credit balance of .£4 i 13A., the re-organi-

zetion of the district and method of collection

ra-rOiticed by Mrs. Dimmelow baying brought about immediate results. It was confidently expected that still better results would be shown In the current year. (Applau.e.) The Rev. W. BRACZC ‘3IP, in proposing the re-election of a largo and representative committee, said that as one worked iu the poorer parts of the town, one realised what splendid work the society was doiog. He wished those who had the means would think a little more about such deserving societies. There were many organizations doing an important work in the town, bet unfortunately their efforts were crippled for want of funds. People were willing to spend any amorist of money on pleasure and other thing., and it seemed a pity that they could not get sufficient money to support good institutions. With regard to the need for the society, the birth rate was decreasing amongst those who were capable of bringing up children—the middle and upper classes—and children were being born to those who knew nothing about the ears of them. At present there was no hope that we should be able to do without such a society as the N.S.P.C.C. . . . . . . .

Sl' seconded aol said the sooiety might aptly be described as a corrective and not a proaecut- Mg society. Mr. TILA,DALE then delivered an eloquent sidrees on the work of the society. The fat that such a society was an absolute necessity was wounding to our national pride, but that it was a necessity there could be no doubL Since it began its work 27 years ago it had befriended 1,100,000 children. Last year it dealt with 10,000 more children than it had ever dealt with in a single year before, the total number losing 158,000. Alderman Brioirrrt it proposing a vote of thanks to the Mayor, said that in spite of legislature and philan- thropic measures, there was still an immense scope for the wart of the society. Mr. 'cams seconded and the vote was heartily passed. The MAYOR acOnowledged the compliment. He said they bad been making estraordinary efforts in Warring- ton in the direction of educating the poor in the proper treatment of their children. Warrington might consider itself a pioneer in that respect an the authorities were aided by several valuable orgasie‘tion. The Health Committee was not conforming itself to purely health work but was addressing itself to social reform in the home. 'Applause.) After the meeting tea was served.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WELCOMING THE NEWCOMER.

" We hear that a dreemy-eyed chump from the wilds of Lord-knows-where has arrived in this tewn with a haodpresa and a shirt-tail-full of type, and proposes to come out with a rival sheet on or in the vicinity of October 9 nest. Whom the gods would destroy they rope Into the newspaper. busioess. Ills bide will be added to the fuloess of time to our already large oollec- tioa:,—From a Daketo paper.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNITURE ON HIRE.

Claim Against a Warrington Auctioneer.

At the Warriogton County Court on Thursday before his Honour Judge H Y Stanger, K.C., The Liver Furnishing Co., Liverpool, brought a claim against Mr Robert Lowe auctioneer, IVarnagton for 43 89 &I, for goods alleged to have been illegally distrained upon. Mr Herbert Dories, solicitor, Liverpool, who appeared for the plaintiffs said in October 1910 certain house- hold furniture was let out to a man named Radcliffe under a hire puichaso agreement. The hirer made default in his instalments and considerable difficulty was experienced by the plaintiffs in gettiog any money from him. Or, manyoccasions the plaintiffs sent over to take possession of the goods Lot could not get them In September another visit was paid when it was found that distraint had been levied. The trend of legisla- tion had been to defraud the landlord of some of the rights he had had pteviously. Under the Distress Amendment Act goods which did not belong th the tenant had been freed from liability of distress. He contended that where a hire purchase agreement had been put an end to, the landlord was no longer entitled to distrain upon the goods. Mr. A. Browne who appeared for the defendant, pointed out that no proper legal declaration had been served upon Mr. Lowe and therefore he was entitled to the whole of the goods. The Act distinctly stated that the declaration must be male by the owner. Ira this cue it was not made by the owner but an account- antpf the owner.

Mr. Davies said it was obvious that where a fires carried cn an external business the partner himself could not do every act for the conduct of thst business. Mr. Browne submitted there was no retaking of possession under the agreement and therefore the goods being still in possession of the tenant they were sub- ject to the hire purchase agreement. His Honour reserved his decision until December th

===== 0002601_19111125_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
"SANTA CLAUS -HYS BOOKE."

By NOEL NICHOLAS.

I have just become the fortunate and much-to-Ise- envied possessor of a volume whiA magically disposes of all the trials and troubles which annually beset the footsteps of those who perambulate the streets and search the shop windows in search of "suitable' Christmas gifts. " Often have I asked myself "h all this fuss and trouble necessary? " And this year Messrs. Boots (the Cash Chemists) have answered 'No" by present- ing me with a handsomely produced Christmas 1 ;at

Long before I had iFt half way through the NO and odd pages—crowded with illustrations—which con3pse this excellent volume I realised that this , was the thing I had long needed—a guide-book to Christmas buying, by the aid of which I could select appropriate articles to gratify the hearts of all whom I desired to give a " remembrance " at the festive season.

Some thousands of beautiful illustratims grace the pager of the Christmas Gift Book, and every article is cleorly priced at figures which will appeal to those with whom economy is an object. Many pages are punted in colours—faithful to Nature - and there are many exceptional features which will ensure the Gift Book being kept and treasured by its recipients. From the youngest to the oldest member of the family there are "gifts sure to please" in Messrs. Boots collection. Silver and brass art ware ; leather and fancy goods ; dressing cases and bags books; smokers' crbinets and requisites; art jewellery perfumery; reading lamps: toilet requisites—it would be indeed a difficult person to Mew who could nct ti " suited exactly' with a gift from Boots. Novelty is conspicnous—but not the freakish novelties that formerly made ninety per cent, of one's Christmas gifts useless. Messrs. Boots believe in combining novelty with utility and adornment, and it is safe to say that every article shown ia the Gift Book is one which its destined possessor will appreciate for its usefulness and serviceability. The buyer with small means is catered for as well as the happy possessor of' means "—and it is Bur- ising what a number of excellent purchases one may make at Boots' Shops for the nominal sum cif one shilling

It kevideut, therefore, that it is to the profit of I your pocket. as well as to the saving of your time and trouble, that you should, if possible, pay a Christmas shopping visit to Messrs. Boots' Cash Chemists at corner Sankey-street and Bridge-street, Warrington. We are convinced that every reader who does so will loudly re-echo our praises of one of the most useful as well as beautiful Christmas gift books that have ever been issued.

PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

•LAUNCH OF THE CENTURION. On Saturday, at Devonport Dcckyard, Mrs. Churchill, wife of the First Lord of the admiralty, launched Britain's greatest super-Dreadnought. The Centurion is very much like the recently launched Orion and King George, except that she is 1,000 tons heavier and 20 ft. longer. She will carry ten 135 in. guns, fitted in five centre line turrets, and twenty 4 in. quick-tiring guns. The number of British Dreadnoughts now aflos.l is 22.

ACTRESS'S DEPUTATION 10 MR. ASQUITH. Last week a deputation of some 50 Women Suffi a;ists, representing various organi- sations, was received by Mr. Asquith at Downing Street. Hundreds of Suffragists gathered in Whitehall to cheer their leaders as they drove up. The general public were there in the hope of some exciting scenes, but no disturbance occurred. Our picture shows the Actress's Franchise League deputation ; reading from left to right the names are :—Miss Winifred Mayo, Miss Lena Ashwell, Mrs. Arncliffc Sennett, and Miss wswmm

A Dale, J Pearson, D Travis, 11 Patter, E Banks, forwards. Train from Central Station 1.50. The Second Elevens meet at Latchford and the home Eleven is :-11 Wright, goal ; It Welsh, Ft Parkinson, backs ;U Eccles, F Grounds, T Banks; 11 Fletcher, A Albinson, W Fletcher, Wlt Minsrds, U It Colton, forwarcPt. Bully-orl 2.30 pror pt.

11, • ~:, V , . 4 ./ : 1 . ~.. It 31. 1 ''... ~.. .. ~ 5, 2 ''',4# ... -; ~, • , .ag p I I soll.t 1 i 'I, ....,-, 4 ' •,* "";.,...., , , ..., .. > .... # I. , ........„- , . . , ..,.•0"- ''''. , -t, sieb 1,1 .101 .4z,. : 4 - , I tet;1111;.: - . if •

~ • , ~ , . ,t , .. . . . , .4100111106. ~ ~./.1 - '... ''' .**.' ':• '."--- ~-, ,!-,,, • • . . 4 * •-• el" _, ..., - • ......

===== 0002601_19111125_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

Local hockey enthusiasts will be pleased to hear that 11. Vthittle (Stockton Beath), full back, and A. Knight (Latchford), half back, have keen given places in the Cheshire " A" versus Lancashire "A " match at Formby this afternoon. Both players have ehown excellent form this season, and their inclusion is well merited.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
LATCH FORD.

The First Eleven were defeated by Alderley Edge First at Alderley last Saturday by 8-2. The Alderley forwards in the first half played very strongly and obtained 6 goals to Latchford's 2. In the second half the game was much more even, but Alderley again scored two goals. All credit is due to Alderley, who were a superior team all rour.d. The suitors goals were scored by Travis and Pearson. The gecond Eleven were fully extended by Aabley lot at Ashley a draw of I-I being the result. Ashley are a much improved team and is this match Ind bard lines in not winning. T Banks at left half for the visitors played a very good gene The Ashley full- back, were very sound and moat difficult to pass. This afternoon the First Eleven at Wallasey is Dixon, goal ; Allsuson, WII Pickles, backs : Isherwood, J B Wilkinson, A E Brakl.haw, halves ; It

===== 0002601_19111125_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
BKONGHIAL ASTHMA. and HARD DRY COLTG II CURED by VENOI3 LIGHTNING COUGH &AIRE.

Mrs. Gray, Southfield, Lougniddry, Ileddiogton, writes :—" I suffered dreadfully from bronchitis end asthma for over eight years, these complaints being rendered more trying by severe headaches and a hard dry cough, which caused ma many a eleoplets I tried very many so-celled remedies but got no relief until I took Verna s Lightning Cough Cure, end from its me very soon I WWI a great deal better, and now I am quite well." Veno's Lightning Cough Cure was awarded the Grand Prix end Gold Medal for purity and efficacy at the recent Paris Health Exhibition, and is a certain cure for all diseases of cheat, throat, and longs. l'rice 'JP., Is. Ili. sod 2,i. N. of all chemists.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHAPTERS.

A COLLAPSE AND A TRIUMPH. A FINE METHODIST- STORY TOLD BY THE LATE MR JOB SWALES

Old lArarringtonians will need no descrip- tion of the late Mr. Job Swales, and those who knew him most closely will read with deep pleasure, though not with surprise, the story of his first sermon. It is a happy thing that the narrative has been preserved and we give it here as told by the central figure. We believe that no detail has been altered and it is in every way true to the Methodist life of two generations ago. Risley Chapel still stands though it fell into disuse last year after the erection of the new buildirg at Fearnhead.

MY FIRST SERMON. "Most persons who speak in public retain through life vivid recollections of their first attempt. Even those who possess strong nerves and whose training has fitted them for public sp2aking know something of the peculiar sensation experienced when deliver- ing their maiden speech. The young man who was going to thrill a temperance meeting by his eloquence, and who early in the morning addressed himself to the cabbages in his father's garden did very well—in the garden. But when he rose at the meeting and beheld the mass of human faces bzfore him be sat down after he had tremblingly uttered the first two sentences of his elabor- ately pr.mared speech. To the untrained and uneducated youth public teaching is especially hard, and it was to this class that I belonged. My parents deserted me when a baby and I was brought up at a charitable school. From this place I was taken by a farmer as an indoor apprentice, and led a life like that of a slave. But my master insisted upon my attendance at chapel and in after years I respected him for this. As a youth I detested chapel, but my conversion changed all that, and as time went on I became a Sunday school teacher. The chapel folks, however, were not content to let me alone in my labours. They said I ought to begin to preach the Gospel. The very mention made me tremble. I declined again and again feeling quite unequal and unworthy. But the circuit meeting took me in hand, and, following the Methodist custom, appointed me to accompany one of the old preachers to give out hymns and in other small ways help in the service. I received the information with astonishment; I shook so that I could ccarcely stand, but I dare not say nay. The S-Jnday on which I was to first go out with my old friend was a beautiful morning in June. I arrived at his house to find him seriously ill and unable to rise from his bed. He told me I must go to Risley and take the services without him, for the people must not be disappointed. "Go myself, Go myself" I repeated as "

passed out of the ouse. "Go myself" said as I stood in the street, like one in a dream. But this time there was an echo in my heart" My presence shall go with thee." I started on my journey and was soon under leafy trees where the birds sang loudly, and where blossoming hedgerows gave fragrance to the air. I found the Chapel at the junction of two roads, its walls adorned with honeysuckle and white roses. Passing through the gate I met a man with a straw hat and without coat, to whom I told my errand. He looked me over from head to foot and then with a jerk of the thumb said "Goo in." I entered with trembling limbs, and not daring to look around walked straight to the pulpit there falling on my knees in prayer, the tears streaming down my cheeks the while. On rising I ventured to look around. There were about thirty persons present, men, women and children. Most of the men were without coats and the women without bonnets, but all were remarkably clean. Right in front of me sat a man of about fifty years of age. He had a square-looking solemn face, and grey, dull eyes, which I noticed fixed on me. Somehow from the first look at the man I dreaded him. There was a sinister expression about his mouth I did not like. I gave out the hymn, and the people sang heartily. During prayer many a hearty " Amen " told me that there were earnest Christians there who entered into the service with gladness. I read the Scriptures and we sang another hymn. Then came the most trying moments I ever knew. I had chosen as text " Him that cometh unto Me I will in no wise cast out." For a few sentences I went on all right, but chancing to look at the square- faced man I thought he was merring at me. Like a flash all my ideas vanished, my mind was a perfect blank, I could not utter a single word. There I stood, a cold chill running through my body, and a cold sweat standing out in large drops on my face. Someone made an encouraging exclamation, then all was quiet. The sparrows chirped on the eaves, the bees hummed in at the open door, and I wished I were a bird or a bee that I could fly away. How long I stood I cannot tell. To me

seemed an hour. Then I saw the square- faced man open his lips and I heard his loud voice say: "Well, young mon, if tha's done, tha's done; sit thee deawn." I sat me down and covered my face with my hands. The flood-gates of my soul were opened aud I wept like a child. I know not how long I wept but I was arcused from my grief by a touch on my arm, and looking up I saw an aged woman who said in a kindly voice: _ .

"Come, my lad, come wi' me for a bit o' dinner." "I would rather go back home" I said. "say, nay, my lad" said the good woman, "that'll never do; the cievil would laugh if thou ran whoam. Come here's thee hat, come wi' me." "1 rose from the seat, and was astonished to find the chapel quite empty; all the people excepting ourselves having gone away. I was glad of this for I dreaded to meet their gaze. But the ordeal had to come. Outside they stood in groups along the road and this is what we heard as we walked. "That him. Owd Betty's getten him eawt at last." "Ay poor chap. He'd better a stopped a whoam." "He's ony a young un " pleaded a woman's voice "An I'm sure he started off very well." "Some folks will put their self; i places theyre noan fit for" said the same voice that had bid me "Sit thee deawn." " An empty baecanno stand up" chimed another. I felt all this very keenly but Old Betty buoyed me up. "Never heed um,lad ; they'd make a sorry mess on it their eels if they tried their hand." Betty was a widow and lived alone in a neat tiny cottage. "I've flout extra for

dinner lad" she said " but thou'rt welcome," and I saw a basin of new milk and some brown bread before me on the table. "I never cook on Sundays; I think Sundays belong to the Lord." . .

After we had been eating a few minutes she stopped short and said: "What made thee break down so suddenly. I know there was summat for thou was goin' on nicely" and she looked at me with a smile.

"Well to tell the truth that man who sat right in front of me frightened me."

" What old Amos?" "I don't know his name but he has some- thing about his face that I don't like and I was timid." _ _ _

------ " But thou wasn't preachicg to please him I hope." "No, no, I was trying to please God," I said.

Then Betty broke out "That's the sort o' preaching we wants. Bless thee my lad, as soon as ever I heard thee speak I felt fain, for summat said inside me 'God has sent

him,' and I was praying for thee all the tim-. ~The devil has all macks o' ways o' bulkitcw folks as are trying to do good,' and may-he he did sneer out o' old Amos's face; but I'll tel thee what thou mun do to-night." " What " I exclaimed for Betty had made my heart beat quick. Why, my lad, just knock the devil off his perch. Take the word of God and throw it at him. Jesus said 'Get thee behind me Satan,' and thou mun pray to God to give thee a word in season. I'll pray, too, and if we don't shift th'old lad from his perch it'll be our fault and not God's."

We spent the afternoon in reading the Bible and quiet talk, and as we got ready to I go to chapel in the evening Betty's advice was Pray a good deal, lad, and then -thou'll preach well." While we had been so quiet in the cottage there had been stirring things going on in the village. The news had spread of my breakdown, and everyone who scoffed at the Methodists decided to come to the chapel to see the fun of a second catastrophe. The whole population seemed to be there and it was only by an effort that Betty and I could get in. Every corner was packed and several men were flattening their noses on the windows outside to get a look at me. I begun with the hymn "Rock of Ages" and noticed as we sang it that Betty had found a corner behind the door and was sitting with her face covered as though in earnest prayer. I stood up to preach without a tremor, and took the text I had taken in the morning. As I read i I saw the people look at each , other and smile as though to say " Now for it." And it came, but not in the manner they expected. Strange to say, though it was my first real sermon I spoke with perfect ease, and as I did so a hush fell upon all. Many began to weep and some of the tears were tears of repentance. The service closed with every evidence of deep feeling and when I announced a prayer meeting to follow about forty people remained. It was a memorable time; some wept, some prayed, some sang. One man had flung himself upon the ground and was in tears. Seeing he was deeply moved I touched him on the shoulder. He raised his face from the ground and to my astonishment I saw it was the face of old Amos. Pis voice was choked as he said " Eh, lad but I connot live r this state. Tell me what aw mun do." What's amiss Amos ?" I asked. "Amiss, amiss" he cried " everthing's amiss; aw fhel as if aw the sins at ever aw did were up a top o' me, an aw connot bear urn." "Throw 'em at the foot of the Cross" I cried. Amos got rid of his burden that night, and lived to be an earnest Methodist worker. When I shook hands with old Betty that night she said with tears of joys in her eyes "Didn't aw tell thee God had sent thee? He let thee fail this mornin to get the sinners to chapel to fleet. The Lord bless thee lad." A. M.

Apr : • A

PhotJ Birtlet. THE LATE MR. JOB SWALES.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
BODY AND LIMBS COVERED. Liverpool Child Rescued from Severe

Eczema by Zam-Buk.

Infantile akin troubles are a source of greet worry to parents, and mothers will appreciate Mrs. A. Meadows' gratitude to Zam-Buk for ridding her baby boy of shocking eczema. Al her home, 32, Thomson Street, Boundary Lane, Liverpool, Mrs. Meadows said to a reporter : " A rash of mattery pimples came out all over George's body and limbs, while under his arms there were bunches of little sores. The child's skin was a mass of inflammation, and the intense itching made him so cross and restless that I got no peace. I seemed to be always looking after him. After the pimples had burst and discharged, they scabbed over and then died away, only to be replaced by a fresh outbreak mere numerous and severe than before. George soon got an awful sight. " The sores seemed to p sitively thrive on the cheap ointments I was compelled to use. I got quite alarmed, and though I really could'nt afford it I called a doctor in. His ointments, however, brought no relief, and I became thoroughly disheartened There seemed nothing for it but to let the eczema, as

the doctor called it, take its own course. " I was induced, however, to try Z.m-Buk, alter reading bow it had cared another baby's eczema. Zam-Buk bad quite a different effect to everything I had tried before, and I soon saw that it was doing George good. I noticed, after Zarn-Buk had dried up the sores, that others chd not break out on the new skin this pure balm grew. George at ,pped fretting and crying, and both he and I got much tosit.r sleep and rest at night. By keeping up the Zam-Buk treatment I got George's body cleared of ever' sore, and be was left a ith a splend.d new and healtiy skin. I really don't know what I should have done without 'lam-Rub. I shall keep dl all cheap ointments in future, now I know what a fine thing Zam-Buk really

===== 0002601_19111125_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

By Philip Snowden, I P.

THE ATTACK ON TRADE UNIONISM. The recent Labour troubles have thoroughly frightened the capitalists. Trade Unionism is going to have to fight for its existence. Capitalists are organising for a great attack upon Trade Unionism, When the next strikes takes place it will be found that the employers are not so unprepared as they were last summer. A good deal of quiet preparation and organisation is going on; but, in addition, an open campaign is being organised for the repeal of the Trade Union Acts. Nearly all tha Chambers of Commerce in the country have passed resolu- tions calling upon the Government to repeal the Trades Dispute Act of 1906, and last week an organisation was launched which had for its object to secure the repeal of that measure. A railway director, who is a member of Parliament, has introduced a Bill into Parliament to repeal the Act, and a considerable number of other members have signified their sympathv with the object. Trade Unionism is in for a big fight. There is no doubt about that. The attacks upon

the Trades Disputes Act of 1906 are direCted mainly against the clause which legalises peaceful picketing; but the demand is made for the repeal of the whole Act. If the Trades Disputes Act were repealed there would be an end of Trade Unionism ; for, without the protection which that measure gives an organisation could not carry on any of the activities for which it exists. That Act does something more than give the legal right to picket by peaceful persuasion. It does three things ; first, it repeals the con- spiracy law ; second it relieves the union funds from liability for the acts of individual members of the union ; third, it legalises peaceful persuasion. THE OLD STATE OF THINGS. Before the passing of the Trades Disputes Act in 1906 the law in regard to trade unions was in a chaotic and conflicting state. In the course of one of the debates on the subject Mr. Asquith, who is a lawyer, said that he " professed his complete inability to reconcile by any form of language he could devise, however vague and elastic, the conflicting and waving dicta of the judges of the land." Before the Trades Disputes Act was passed no trade union knew what it was legally entitled to do. Eminent lawyers confessed that in the then state of the law they were unable to advise trade unions as to their legal powers. Between the Taff Vale decision and the passing of the Trade's Disputes Act the trade unions were in a state of paralysis. It is to this condition that the people who are agitating for the repeal of the Act want to reduce the unions once more. Although the trade unions were ignorant as to what they had a legal right to do after the Taff Vale and some other legal decisions given about the same time, they knew that there were certain things which they had not the legal right to do. If the Trades Disputes Act is repealed the unions will be put back in the old position and the law will stand just as it was at the time the Taff Vale and these other decisions were given.

So it is important for the trade uniOns to fully understand what is involved in this powerful attack which is now b.,ing engineered.

WHAT WILL HAPPEN. If the Trades Disputes Act is repealed three things will be made illegal: (1) The secondary or sympathetic strike. (2) The picketing of works or places of business for the purpose of trying to persuade people to abstain from working. (3) The exemption of trade union funds from liability for the actions of indi- vidual members and agents. Every trade unionist will see at once that these three things go to the very root of trade unionism, and that without the right to declare a sympathetic strike, without the right to picket it would be impossible to successfully conduct a strike. If the Act were repealed, any trade union which passed a resolution to declare a sympathetic strike would be liable to have its funds appropriated as damages. The sympathetic strike is now far more of a weapon than it was at the time when the famous decision in Lyons V. Wilkins was given. This decision was given under the Combination law which makes it illegal for two persons to conspire to do together an act which as individuals and separately they have a full legal right to do. It is very important that trade unionists should bear in mind that if this campaign against the Trades Disputes Act is successful I workmen will be deprived of the right to I come out on strike to assist other workmen I who may be locked out, or on strike. In that case the workmen would be denied a legal right which the Courts declared the Traders I had before the Trades Disputes Act was I passed. It was decided by the Courts in tne Lyons v. Wilkins case that workmen were doing an illegal thing, for which they could be punished, if they came out on strike because they would not supply material to a firm whose workpeople were out; but about the same time, in the Mogul case, the Court I held that " it was not illegal for a trader to I aim at driving a competitor out of trade pro- vided the motive be his own gain by appro- priating the competitor's trade, and the means he uses be legal . . . . and what one trader may do in respect of competition a body or set of traders may do." THE ABOLITION OF PICKETING.

The second thing which would come to pass if the Trades Disputes Act were repealed would be that picketing would be illegal. The law would still hold the primary strike to be legal, but it would declare that the means by which a strike could be made a success were illegal. The present law legalises peaceful persuasion but one would think from the resolutions which are being passed by employers' associations that the Trades Disputes Act has given trades unions power to do just what they think, and has relieved them from all responsibility for their actions. In view of the erroneous impressions whi^h are being given, it is important that it should be generally known what the present law is on the question of picketing. The clause in the Trades Disputes Act which relates to picketing reads as follows : " It shall be lawful for one or more persons, acting on their own behalf or on behalf of a trade union or of an individual employer or firm in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute to attend at or near a house or place where a person resides or works or carries on business or happens to be, if they so attend merely for the purpose of peacefully obtaining or communicating information, or of peace- fully persuading any person to work or abstain from working." Nobody who reads some of the more violent denunciations of the Trade's Dispute Act which are now appearing in the press would ever think that the above is all that

66 GOODALLS." 66 ALLGOOD" ART CARPET.

BRITISH-MADE. SEAMLESS. REVERSIBLE. DURABLE. GUARANTEED 'ID BE THE BEST VALUE EVER OFFERED IN CARPETS.

' GOODALLS " POSSESS THE SOLE RIGHT OF SELLING THESE CARPETS IN GREAT BRITAIN 1,1 yards z 21 yards I'm. 3d, 2i o 3 ri lns. 3d. 3 „ x 3 2.25. Oil. 3 „ s3j „ 26s. 3d, 3 „ xl „ 3or. Od. OTHER SIZES IN PROPORTION. Samples Loaned on Application. Please Write. Prompt Attention to Orders.

POSTAL ORDER DEPARTMENT. TERMS CASH OR SATISFACTORY REFERENCE WITH ORDER.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
KING-STREET MANCHESTER

i 6 GOODALLS,"

Established IE:7.

the Act does in regard to the right to picket. One paper I have by me says, "The worst section of the Act is, of course, that which legalises peaceful picketing. The clause enables the tyranny of the majority to find the fullest scope. It permits the most thorough-going intimidation, and has led, as it was bound to lead, to riot." The clause Icliies nothing of the sort. It gives no power to trade unions which is not expressly given to an individual employer or to a firm, and it leaves any man who goes an inch beyond the terms of the clause exposed to the penaltits of the ordinary law; and as a matter of fact there have been a number of prosecutions for illegal picketing and intimidation since the Trades Disputes Act was passed.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
A FUTILE SUGGEgTION.

Those who are agitating for the appeal of the Act say that there has been an increase of violence and intimidation in connection with trades disputes since this Act was passed. There is no evidence to support such a statement. The contrary is more accurate. The most extraordinary thing about the strikes last summer was the general absence of anything like rowdyism; and where anything of the sort did occur it was the action of hooligans who find their opportunty at such a time. It is ridiculous to think that the legal prohibition of picket- ing can prevent violence and intimidation. That would be the very way to increase such und-sirable things. No law would ever put an end to picketing. So long as there are strikes there will be picketing, because no strike can be carried on without it. If the law were to prohibit picketing it would still be done, with the result that all restraint would be taken away from the practice. The repeal of the Trades Disputes Act is just the very best way to encourage such deeds of violence in connection with labour troubles as the employers are now deprecating. The third thing which the repeal of the Act would do would be to make the funds of the Union liable for any illegal action of an individual member of the union. The opponents of the Act talk as if this Act allowed a trade union to do just as it likes. No trade unionist and no trade union official can do any illegal action without being individually responsible for the law of the land. What the opponents want is to make the whole union responsible for the action of one member. . The situation is dangerous. Very powerful . .

tail-den-Ceti-ire-WC worTc to underrnine trade unionism. It is most necessary that the unions should be vigilant.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
r,.....„„...„......--,,...„,,, 1 CHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB. ' •••••••'‘,—%-•••--,--.-.--,....--'Ne-v-"\e.N.,Li

WHY DO WE SAY PUSS?

Did you ever wond3r why we say "Puss" when we talk to the cat. Cats have their own names as a rule, but we all agree that Pussy is a name that will fit them all. It is one of those words that we use without thought and it is only when we make inquiry that we find how interesting a word it is.

Thousands of years ago in Egypt they were very fond of cats. In fact, they used to worship them. They admired their inscrutable faces and thought that when they sat so still they were seeing visions of the Gods and paradise. They used also to compare the cat with the moon, possibly because they like to go out by moonlight, but chiefly because their eyes change like the moon from crescent to full. They had a God with a cat's face,and they gave it the name of ". !ht" which means

the moons. This word became shortened to pas or puss and travelled over to Europe as a pet name for the cat. I have heard it in France and Belgium and it may be used in many other countries too. How singular to think that a pet name used by the children of Egypt in the days of Moses has been handed down to us Perhaps I ought also to tell you that they . _ . _

thought so much of cats in old Egypt thawt they used to carefully wrap them up and make mummies of them when they died. They buried them in special cemeteries and now sometimes when explorers are digging they find thousands of mummified cats all carefully buried. And what do you think they do with them? They sell the sacred cats to the farmers for manure. Horrible thought

" GRAMPAS." My grampa, when its Chris'mas, he Comes to our house the day before, An' Chriv'mas mornia' him an' me Gets all my toys down on iii' door, An' he winds up my engine men An' makes my train go 'round the track. An helps we march my soldier meat An' shows me 'bout my jumping jtck, An' eveithing I say I know 'Bout Santa Class &revs it's so. My grampa he don't over care How much I rumple up his dries Or muss his whiskers or his hair— He says 'at such things only shows 'At boys is boys, an' has to play An' be as glad as they can be— An' ever' time it's Christmas Day, W'y he comes here to play with me, An' ma. one time, she Lind o' smiled, An said,- Which one o' you's the child ?" My grampa always understands Just what I mean an' how I feel When I don't want to wash my hands Before I sit down to a meal. An' ma, she laughs at him an' says " A man of his age ought to know 'Boat raisin' children- anyway', He really mus'n't spoil me so' An'onc't I ast her, when he's gone, "Is grampa's boys with whiskers on? " —W low I). NESBIT. THIS WEEK'S STORY.

James McNeil Whistler and a friend strolling through a London suburb, met a small boy. Whistler asked him his age. "Seven," the boy replied. "Oh, you must be more:than seven," said Whistler, doubtingly. "Seven," insisted the boy, rather pleased at being taken for older. Turning to his friend, Whistler said. "I can't believe him. Do you think it possible that any boy really could have gotten as dirty as that in only seven

===== 0002601_19111125_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
lOf

OUR SERIAL STORY.

[ALL RIGHTS RIBERVEV.I (Copyrighted in the United Sin lea of America by Arthur W. kfarchmon(.)

"Then why-- "she began, stopping so look at both of them in consternation. "You had better let me deal with it, Mr. Garwood," said llostock, interposing. "You see, Miss Paxton, we were obliged to come to you in the first instance. There are only three people in that office—Mr. Garwood Itimse )uu, and tile clerk, Bestwood. When WM called in, I slid, of course, the first thing must be a search of the oilier. We searched the clerk's desk first, and then yours, and in yours, as I say, we found this ring. And, of course, we must ask for an

explanation.''' "But you don't accuse—" "We're not accusing anybody yet," he in- terrupted. "Please don't get excited. All we want to know is if you can tell us how this ring got into your desk?" . "1 hare not the remotest idea," said Helen

indignantly. "I am quite sure of that, Miss Paxton. Quite sure. This is exceedingly painful to me. I cannot tell you how painful," declared Garwood. _

"You now the young lady, and I don't," put in Bostock. "Mr. Garwood has been saying nothing else to me all the way here, except that he was satisfied you would not know anything; but you must excuse me if I say that a mere denial isn't enough to satisfy

"Do you dare to charge me with the theft, sir?" cried Eden angrily. "Now, don't take it like that, please. _ • . • —_

There's no occasion. Nothing will give r. Garwood more pleasure, and myself too, if you will allow me to include myself, than for you to be able to entirely clear yourself of the suspicion which, as you cannot fail to see, must attach to you until the presence of this ring in your desk i 3 explained. We have comy! to get you to help us.' "But I cannot explain it. I have told you I know nothing about it, nothing whatever," asserted Helen, in the same tone of indigna.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR GREGORY'S SILENCE

ARTHUR W. MARCHMONT, Atchor of " The Man Who Was Dead." CY cf Sword." &o.

CHAPTER XI.

Tin STOLLE PR OPE RTY. Bostock was the first to break the rather long silence which followed Mr. Garwood's discovery of the stolen ring. "Perhaps we're only jumping to the wrong conclusion after all, ' he said. The young lawyer looked up quickly with an expression of relief. "Bow do you mean:" It may be the clerk after al, and he may have hidden the thing in the girl's desk to throw suspicion off himielf." Garwood's face fell again. Beetwood is as honest as the day." "Then what do you propose to dot" Garwood tossed up his hands. ' moat awkward predicament for me." "But what about the owner of the stolen things?" asked Bostock drily. "You'll have to do something. What you'd better do is to try and get them back. I don't suppme Madame will want to prosecute, although I don't know, of course. But I should think if

:' Oh, no.

"It's A

, - you can get them back, the whole business might be allowed to drop. But you must get to work, or she may have parted with them." "I can't believe she took them even now," protested Garwood. "I had such a /aith in her." _

"I told von she was a pretty gir:," and Boa- • • • • •

tack laughed drily. "It is not only her looks, her manner, her thoughts, everything about her is eloquent of an innocent, pure-hearted girl. I can't think of her as a thief. The whole ides is repug- nant. Besides, she cannot have done it. The rings were locked ur, in my safe, and I have never let the key out of my possession." "Well, some one did it; and I don't sup- pose you did it yourself." "Don't jest about it, Mr. Simpson. The thing is too serious." "I'm as far from jesting as Madame will be when she hears of it. And it von don't want to lose her business you'd better get a move on of some sort. The best thing you can do is to go down at once to this girl's home, tell her point blank what has hap- pened, and that she is under suspicion, and satisfy yourself that she is as innocent as you think. Then you'll know that there's only one other person possible as the thief--- the clerk, Bestwood; and you can go to his hc.me." _

"A most distressing interview for me," de- clared Garwood, shrinking from it. "Will you go with me?" Rostock affected to consider. "Yes," he agreed, after a pause. "But I must have some right to put questions. If you like to take me as a detective, I could question her, and she would probably be frightened into aamitting the truth." After some demur, Garwood consented to this, and they started. "I never did any- thing so unwillingly in my life," declared the lawyer. _ . .

"It's a na.ty business, and that's the truth; but I'll tell you what we shall pro- bably find to be the case. She must be a

kleptomaniac. You must have left the rings out, or have left the safe open, or something of that sort, and she found the temptation too strong to resist." "But I am sure I haven't left the safe "Has she ever seen the rings? Did she know you had them?" "Yes, I admit I showed them to her. She Is such a clever girl that I thought perhaps she might know something about them. " "The thing's as plain as the Statue of liberty in the sunshine. Did Bestwood b.:now you had them?" "No, I think not." "Well, what snore you want? Now I'm going to say something that's all to your credit, although you may not like fo hear it. The fact is, the girl has won her way to your confidence. You are young enough to believe in women, especially when they are pretty ; and you have persuaded yourself that this girl can't be guilty. I've lost my illusions years ago; I know what women can do and do do. I've no doubt that that girl has these rings; and if you want to get them out of her you'd better let me do the talking. Just say that I'm Simpson, of Scotland Yard—it's a harmless little tarra- diddle—and leave the rest to me. If we're wronging her, we can make it up afterwards in some way." "I can't pass you off as a Scotland Yard wan," protested Garwood. "Well, say I'm a detective. If you don't say something of the sort, she won't open her mouth to me, and she knows well enough she's got you on a string;" and it was arranged in this way. Garwood was exceedingly nervous when they reached the fiat, and Helen opened the door with a great start of astonishment. "Mr. Garwood!" she cried.

"I must apologise for coming in this way, but I wish very much to see you about a very important matter. May we come in?" "Certainly." She led the way into the sitting-room, and apologised for the disorder of everything. "My friend who was with me has just left, and I am leaving here. I have been packing," she explained. "Going to bolt," whispered Bostock to his companion as Helen's back was turned for a moment; but Garwood replied with an im- patient gesture of disbelief. "It's rather an unpleasant matter, Miss Paxton, indeed, a very unpleasant one," said Garwood, uneasily and nervously as Helen ,at down. "There has been a loss at the office, and—cr—l thought it would—r ' least, Mr. Simpson thought—he is a—a detective, you know—and it seemed best to come direct to you." Surprised by the nervous, hesitating manner in which Mr. Garwood had spoken, and by his reference to Boetock as a detec- tive, Helen looked quickly and searchingly at the latter. "A detective, Mr. Garwood?" she exclaimed. "Perhaps I'd better explain the matter," interposed Bostock. "It's this way, Miss— Miss Paxton. Some valuable jewels were en- trusted to Mr. Garwood recently, and among them were some rings. They were placed by him in his safe at his office, and three of them have disappeared—or, at least, two have disappeared; one of them has been found." "Are those the jewels you showed we, Mr. Garwood?" she asked. "Yes," he nodded. You put them back In the safe while

was theie. You will remember that, and that you locked the door of it? If you re- call what happened, you took the keys out at once and unlocked the drawer of your desk to get out the unfinished manuscript of the article you had been dictating on the subject of entails. We went to work upon it at once." "I remember that distinctly," he agreed; "and I remember trying the safe door to see that it was. locked." There was a note of relief in Ma voice. "Well, someone must have gone to the safe and taken them out," he added quickly, "and the mysterious part of it is that one of the rings irae found to- day in your desk." "Where?" cried Helen in amazement. Deatock answered this. "Wrapped up carefully in a piece of paper and thrust into a corner of one of the drawers of your desk, lilies Paxton," he said very deliberately. "And we have come to you for an explana- • "But I know nothing whatever about it," dui exclaimed, with mounting colour. "Mr. Garwood, do you think—" "Oh, no, no. Mit for a moment," he broke in vehemently, lifting his bands to add to the feeee,9l hie 13'roteitation.

-

===== 0002601_19111125_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
tion.

Bostock shrugged his shoulders and paused a moment. "There's another thing," he said then. "I understand that the owner of the rings sets great store by them, and if they could be recovered nothing would be said about —" "Do you dare to insinuate that I can restore them?" "You make it very difficult," said Bostoek,

slowly. "Mr. Garwood, you will protect me front such an insult?" "I am not insulting you," replied Bestock. "It is not meant as an insult in any way, Miss Paxton," declared Garwood. "All we wish is to get to the bottom of a really strange mystery, and to have your help in the matter." "Of course, I will do all I can," she agreed, mollified in some degree by this. "But what can I do?" "If you will listen to me calmly for a moment, it will be something," said Bostock, with a smile. "I have no bias in the matter or prejudice either way." "I will listen," said Helen. .

"Well, there are only two people who ran have taken these rings. The young clerk. Bestwood, or you yourself. Now, don't get excited again. We came to you first because the ring was found in your desk. Bestwood may have put it there, of course; but we had to see to you first. Now, whoever took this one ring has the others; and my only course as well as my duty is to satisfy myself that you have not the others here. After seeing you, I don't for an instant think you have, but if I make a search of these rooms I shall know that my belief in your inno- cence is correct."

"Of course, you are at perfect liberty to search," cried Helen instantly. "I have nothing whatever to conceal. Here are my keys. -Look where you will." "Do you really think it is necessary, Mr. Simpson?" asked Garwood. "Just as you please," was the reply. "Bid it strikes me that this young lady will only welcome the means of entirely proving her innocence and establishing your confidence in her, and mine," he added. "Yes," said Helen, readily, almost eagerly. "I would not forfeit your confidence for the world, Mr. Garwood." - • - • • • •

I believe in you completely. I have told you so. You may be absolutely sure of that. But you see how Mr. Simpson has put the thing." "Oh, I wish you to make the search. Please do it at once ;" and she rose and began to empty drawer after drawer, and to turn out the contents of everything in the room. Bostock allowed his companion to do most of the work in that room, and observed with a smile the hurried, nervous little glances which he cast at things before he declared himself perfectly satisfied. From that room he went into the bedroom; and there Bostock showed his professional acumen by taking the clothes off the bed, by then searching between the mattresses, and feeling the pillows. Garwood, meanwhile, was looking into the contents of the drawers, which Helen opened and turned out before him. When it came to the trunk, however, Boa- took, remembering the other man's first un- successful search in the desk drawers, took measures to secure that the present hunt should be more effective. He dragged the trunk under the gas light, and he stood by while Helen took out the contents. Garwood would have contented himself by feeling among these, but Helen herself insisted that the search should be thorough. "There must be no doubt left in the minds of either of you," she said; and just as she spoke, she was lifting out ?some lace, and something hard dropped to the bottom of the box. "It's only a key," said Garwood, stooping to pick it up. "It's rather a curious one," put in Bostock, looking over his shoulder. "It is not mine," said Helen. "I never saw it before." Rostock coughed suggestively. "Allow me," and he held out his hand for it. "Very curl- one," he added under his breath. "Have you your keys with you, Mr. Garwood? Let me glance at them, please." He took them and compared the safe key with that just found. "An extraordinary co- incidence. Can you explain this, Miss Pax- ton?" he asked, with much more sharpness than he had before used. "This is a dupli. cate of the key of Mr. Garvrood's safe." Helen caught her breath in sudden fear, and turned cold. "It is impossible," she murmured, "utterly impossible." Garwood looked at her in wide • eyed amazement. "You'd better finish searching that trunk, Mr. Garwood," said Bostock, bluntly; "and you'd better do it by yourself, please." Garwood was almost as agitated now as Helen; and his hands trembled while he took out the remaining contents. All three were silent now. Presently be found the handkerchief with the other two rings folded up in it. "Ah!" exclaimed Bostock. "It's evident we needn't go to young Bestwood's house to- night. Shall we go back into the other ' room?" "You don't believe this of me, Mr. Gar- wood?" cried Helen at the point of breaking down. "I declare on my honour I know no- thing about it. Someone has done it to ruin me." Garwood replied with a look, and thee led the way into the next room. "You had better be careful what you say," said Bosdiek to Helen. "It is some infamous scheme to ruin me. I know it. It has been going on for some time past," protested Helen, "Mr. Garwood, you will believe met You must. I swear to you I am as innocent as a child." "I know that sort of innocence," said Bo- stock roughly, holding up the duplicate key of the safe. "You had better wait in this room while Mr. Garwood and I talk it over." And with that he motioned her back into the bedroom and shut the door in her hoe,

===== 0002601_19111125_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XII.

"THU( I AII—TOUR DAUOHTII." When Boatock shut the door in her face, Helen shrank back in a tumult of conflicting emotions. She was overwhelmed by the sud- denness of the blow which had fallen upon her, by the baffling secrecy with which it had been dealt, and by the dread of the unknown but certainly terrible consequences it threat- ened. .

Her first sensations were those of fierce in- dignation et the wholly unmerited shame thrust upon her, and of passionate rebellion against the monstrous injustice and cruel in- iquity, mingled with an ineffable despair of beinK able to prove the falseness of the

charge. In the expression of horrified surprise sod pain upon Mr. Garwood's face as ha had looked at her just after he had taken the rings from the trunk, she had read the certain verdict of the world upon . . .

the evidence against her. Up till that mo- ment, he had been strong in his faith in her. He was undoubtedly her friend; his pain at every step of the investigation had been un- mistakable; but his faith had been shattered _ .

to the winds by the apparently damning proof of her guilt. If he cou:d not believe her innocent, no . . _ . . .

one Zuld—;—a—nii7he—thoughi. of her helPless- nese at first appalled her, and then induced a mood of somewhat dogged defiance. Her courage revived and her anger rose. She grew desperate. She was alone against the whole world; her back was to the wall ; and she knitted her brows, clenched her hands, and set her teeth in a fierce resolve to face

.t.b.; charge, as she had before had to face the crisis when she had found herself alone and

almost penniless in London. The consciousness of spotless innocence up- held her. She wou:d protest against her guiltlersnesa, and bear without flinching whatever punishment might be wrongfully in. flicted ; and, when it was over, she would at to work to discover the truth and unmask the secret enemy who had dealt this crushing blow. It was no time for panic or for tears., She must fight; and in such a struggle she would need all her strength and courage and wits, if she was to have a hope of winning. In this mood site put on her hat and jacket and went into the two men, declaring that she was ready there and then to face the

charge. Her entrance .discoucerted Bostock con- siderably. His object was to drive her to flight; and he had been endeavouring to co- erce his companion to threaten a prosecution, but to leave Helen time to make her escape. Mr. Garwood had displayed unexpected ob- stinacy, however. He would not prosecute, he declared; and would not even threaten to do so. The matter was in his hands, he said; the rings had been recovered, and so far as he was concerned it was at an end. "There will be no charge to face, Miss Pax. ton," he said at once. Bostock rose. "I can't stay to hear a mat- ter of this sort compromised, Mr. Garwood. It's too serious to be hushed up. My superiors wouldn't hear of it." "Your superiors?" queried Garwood. "You know what I mean," was the pointed reply. "I wash my hands of it; and you must be prepared to take the consequences," and with that he took his hat and left. Who is that man," asked Helen, sharply. "Why does he threaten you with conse- quences? Why does he hound you on to pro- secute me?" Garwood rose to leave. "I would rather not discuss the matter any further. It is . . . .

more painful to me than I Scan describe; but I shalt do no more in it.' _

"I ought to thank you; but I cannot. You believe me guilty?" He turned with a heavy sigh, and gestured without replying. "I understand that. But you are wrong. I declare on my honour that I am as inno- cent as a child unborn. I am the victim of a cunning and cowardly enemy; and some day I shall discover who it is. You cannot believe this; and I do not know that I can blame you. But you have been a friend ; and you shall be the first to whom I bring the knowledge, when I have gained it." He had reached the door and turned. "Why do you think you have an enemy?" be althea. "Can you still be friend enough to listen?" And when he paused, the told him all that had occurred in regard to her loss of work. She told the story well and convin- cingly, and it impressed him. Ile was really anxious to believe in her innocence, and grasped readily at the slender hope her words suggested. "Who was the companion you had here?" be asked after a pause. "She had nothing to do with it," replied Helen, and went on to tell him all about Mary Pescott. Then he questioned her closely ; and every reply appeared to strengthen his conviction that her tale, improbable as it seemed, was nevertheless true. Yet he was sorely per- plexed. "I will help you to the utmost of my power," he said at length; "but another time you must tell me the whole story of your life. If what you state so positively be true—and even in face of what has happened here to-day. I cannot help believing you— then there must be someone who is bent upon ruining you, and that person must be found. I cannot take you back into my office at present, for reasons which I am not free to explain. But I will see you to- morrow, I will come here again; and you shall tell me then. Good night." He held out his hand; but her eyes filled with tears at his unexpected proof of friendship and confidence, and instead of taking his hand she sank into a chair and buried her face in her hands overcome with emotion. "Courage, Miss Paxton, courage," he said, greatly moved by the sight of her tears. "Courage and hope. We shall find out the truth." He stood a second or two in hesita- tion, and then stole out of the room. Helen was inexpressibly touched by his kindness, and sat a long time thinking over all that had passed and how different the result might have been but for that kind- nese; and then, remembering the task which the coming of the two men had interrupted, role to continue it. Bulmer was coming home, and would be again in London in a day or two at most. By that time she must be away from the fiat and hidden in some place where he could not find her; and she had already taken rooms in another part of London. She had been packing up with this object; and had already arranged to sell everything except her clothes, and she forced herself to finish the packing of these before going to bed. The work did her good. It kept her from thinking of her troubles, and tired her so that she slept well; and she rose the next morning refreshed and prepared to begin what she resolved must now be the great object of her life—the discovery of those who were bent upon her ruin, The bargain, with the furniture dealer wl

_..„ soon made, the money was paid, sad th-; goods taken away, when 'he made a dis- covery. The second key of the flat was miss- ing. Mary Pescott mint have taken it away with her, op have lost it. And it must ha 4 been by means of that key that the person had entered who had placed the rings and the safe key in her trunk. She was sitting on ono of the trunks in the empty room when she thought of this: and then she remembered that her friend had certainly had the key when she had seen her last. Was it poasible that Mary Pcsoott could have been in any way, even uncon- 4ciously, a party to what had occurred? If sc., here was a clue to be followed up at once. She must go to her and question her closely Engrossed in the thoughts started by the discovery, oho was surprised by a knock at the door of the Oat, and infinitely more sur- prised when she opened it, to find Sir Gregory Trevellock standing there. In the tumult roused by the occurrences of the previous day she had almost forgotten that she had written to him that they must meet. "I thought it best to come to you," be said, hesitatingly and nervously, as he glanced round in surprise at the empty room into which she led him. "I am going away," she said, in reply to his glance. ",Why?" he asked, not in any trouble?" "Would that distress Toss"

"You are not--ere

' 7-• eV

••I non t think we understand one another, Miss Paxton. I am sorry. I aneure you I wish earnestly, most earnestly, to be your friend." "Are you sure you have been one?" The question came sharply, like an accusation. It was so meant, indeed; and the same memory was in the minds of each—the scene at the Chase.

"You speak very—very curiously," he murmured, at a loss for die word he wished to find. His eyes fell before her steady gate. You do not answer me, and do not look at me, Sir Gregory." "In what way do you think I have not been your friend?" Her reply took a quite unexpected form. Lying on the bare boards at her feet was a sheet of paper. She lit a match and laid it carefully on the paper. "Have you ever tried this experiment F" she said deliberately. He looked up quickly at her and dropped his eyes again on meeting hers, and stared at the match. It burnt itself out, leaving a charred hole. Helen lit another; and in silence they both watched it burn out like the first. This time the paper caught, smouldered a moment, and then went out. As it flickered out, Sir Gregory heaved a deep sigh, and moving back a step or two sat dove on one of the corded trunks, and stared blankly at the floor. "You understand?" said Helen. Ile made no reply. He did understand, and knew that she understood as well, and that she knew what he had done. His lie was found out, and he waited in fear and anguish to learn the use she meant to make of the discovery. "You understand?" die repeated. It was no longer a question. "Why did you send for me?" he asked, when the silence became unbearable. "Why did you destroy the papers I gave you that day? Why did you pretend it was an accident? What harm have I ever done you that you should treat me so?" Then with a start she leapt to the conclusion that all her other troubles were his doing, and her face hardened and fierce anger was in her voice as she added: "And why have you con- tinued to persecute me and seek to put this last foul shame upon me? How could you be so infamous as to seek to ruin me, and have me thrust into gaol?" "I don't understand you," he protested, glancing up in astonishment. "Don't understand?" she repeated scorn- fully, her eyes glowing, and her face aflush with anger. She pointed down to the paper on the floor. "You understand that, at any rate, and so do I. It is the measure of your truthfulness. You are a rich man, titled, and held in honour by toe world. lam a poor girl, helpless, and all but friendless and alone. You lied to me then," and again she pointed to the paper. "and now you have sought to put the shame of this theft upon me, bribing others to lie and deceive and cheat, even as you yourself did then. Why do you do this? That is the question I have sent for you to answer. And you shall answer it, Sir Gregory, aye, and answer for it, too, rich and powerful though you are." "I know nothing of any theft. On my honour—"

'Honour r' she broke in, with stinging con- tempt in her tone, as she pointed down for the third time at the smouldering paper. "Is it worth while to persist in a denial/ It will not avail with me. I see it all now. Your spies were set to discover where I worked, so that I might he ruined with those who employed me, and so rendered penni- less and ready to walk into the trap of the engagement with Mr. Garwood. Then he was entrusted with the jewels in order that your Ties might steal them from him, and plant the robbery on me, and I might be branded as a thief and gent to gaol, ruined, shamed, and disgraced, but out of your path. You are a generous enemy, Sir Gregory; a chivalrous, high-minded, righteous, Christian gentle- man." .

..... He listened without attempting to inter- rupt her. He was shocked and pained by what she said, and by the persecution she had endured; but, while he had shrunk and winced under her vehement denunciation of the wroiig he had really done her, he was un- touched by this false charge. He rose and lifted his hand in protest. "You are doing Inc a rank injustice; I repeat that I know nothing of all that you now say." Her lip curled. "I find that too difficult to believe. In all my life I have had but one enemy—you. Only you, in all the whole wide world of men and women." "I am not your enemy." he protested. "Then why did you destroy the papers I entrusted to you? Ah, you cannot answer that, or, rather, you will not. I think I know, however. As heaven is my witness I dread to think of that reason. You did it because you learnt that my name was not Paxton, but Powell, and that my father's name was the same as that which you once bore—Gregory Powell. I have learnt that since I NM you. Bulmer told Inc. It was then you burnt the proofs of my identity. Why?" He had shrunk back to his seat again, and remained silent, his hands tightly clasped and his eyes once more on the floor, avoiding hers. "From the moment he told me I have not seen him. I shrank from seeing him. I let him go away without meeting him. I dared not, because of the fearsome dread of what your answer would be. You were in Montana at the time my mother married Gregory Powell. That was the name you bore then. He was English, as you are. The likeness I showed you was his, and after t. lapse of years who shall say that it was not one of you? You are still silent. You dare not meet my eyes. Were there two Englishmen of the same name there at that time?" She paused, looking fixedly at him and waiting for the reply, which did not come. He sat pressing his hands now to his head as if in agony. "The man who was coward and scoundrel enough to betray his partner and friend for gold, and then deserted his wife, would be coward enough to destroy what you destroyed when he found that his shame was on the verge of discovery, and to stoop to persecute his child to save his honour. His honour! But he might at least have had courage enough to tell that child the truth. Have you?" With a groan he took his hands from his head and tried to meet her look, but cowered from her and forced himself to answer, speak- ing in slow, broken tones. "You—you are right. There was—but one Gregory Powell." Helen stepped back in horror. "Then I—l am your—your daughter. Oh, God!" She turned away to the window, leaning against it and looking out, but seeing nothing —shinned and dazed by the rush of distract- ing thoughts roused by this confirmation of her worst fear.

(To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19111125_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
4 CHILDREN HAD SKIN ERUPTION.

" The breaking out for which I used Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment appeared first on my little girl at school. First it came in her hair, then on her face and arms, in appearance like a small pimple of watery matter, very irritating and inflamed. The sores did not come out ail at once, but a few at a time, and Put when you would think them all gone, perhaps 3on would see another. Then the other two children got the same thing. The doctor told inc it was the outcome of the colds they had had. Then I saw the advertisement of Cuticura Remedies and sent for Cuticura Soap and Ointment. I bathed the children lightly with Cuticura Soap and hot water twice a day, applying the Cuticura Oint- ment with the tip of my finger afterwards. and wrapping a little linen bandage around the places where it was likely to rub. '1 his gave great relief, clearing the head, face and Inns thoroughly and leaving no trace of foes of hair. I used three tins of Cuticura Ointment, and it brought out the itflamma- lion and soothed wonderfully. I am happy to say what a nice preparation it is, also Cuticura Soap, and I intnid to always keep them with me. The baby bas sines had a touch of the same thing which 1 quickly cored and have nen nothing since." (Signed) Mrs. C. M. Price, 22, /sew Zealat.d-road, Cathay., Cardiff, Wales, October 27th, 1910. Poet free, iron F. Newbery and Sons, 27, Charterhouse Sq., London, sample. of Cuticura Soap and Ointment, with 32-p. book on skin-treatment.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Suffrage Problem.—The Woman &lime gees- Mon goes muddling on, but although complicated by the latest Government propesels, it would srem but it most come toe decisive issue iii the house of Commons next Senior,. Mr. Ascissith explained to the Si.ffsegieta' eeputation last murk, that they will then have a double opportunity of getting what they want. They might pass the Conciliation Bill, giving the vote t women householders, or amend the Reform Bill, so as to Ova the vote to all women, as well as men, rpon e purely residential qualification, provided they can secure a House of Commons majority in their favour. It is precisely this double opportunity that the Suffragiets do not want, because, whilst they belisve the present Fie 11,15 of Commons would pass the Conciliation Bill, it weuld almost to. tninly reject the larger policy of giving the vote to all women. So that, between the two stools the Suffragist. Berm likely to come to the ground becoute it would be absurd of the Government losdopt Manhood Suffrnge, whilst under the Conciliation Bill, keeping in existence the present franchise laws for women householders. Women and the Bill.—The insurance Bill lean com- plex in its machinery, that any prefunctory disreation of it, leapt to be misleading, but according to Mrs. Pethick Lawrence, Miss Eva Gore Booth, and other critics, it is most unfair to women an awh In. Work- ing women e ill he compelled to insure, and whilst contributions are based upon earninge, men will in the lower grades of employment receive higher benefits for the same premium. Then, while the Bill will insure eleven millions of men against sickness, and two and a i half millions against unemployment, t insures only feur soda hot( million women against sickness—mid none against unemployment, so that the State contribu- tions to these benefits are mainly for men. M tree:seer benefits are portially withheld from domestic servants, governeeseo, hospital nurses, and others, widlst they are receiving board and lodging from their employers. There is also discrimination ae limit wanton in the provisions for voluntery contributions from married comes and widows, In comparison with the general Kale of benefits provided by the Bill. It hos been sold that it is possible to prove anything by figures but there doe, appear to be some justification for the cheer that the so-called National Inenrance Bill is unmet to woms a whether a. wege earners wives or wiriowo. , Servants and Insurence.—The insurance Bill will impose a good deal of clerical murk as well as espense upon large employers of labour. It is easy to bear other people's troublee, and that will not keep the re householder awake at nights but there are according to Mr. Lloyd-George, 800,000 families in this country where servants are emplo3ed, end in all these there will be insurance cards to see to. Sixty per cent. of these families have only one servant twenty per cent, employ two servants, and twenty per cent, three or more. In the one servant families, the stamp-licking process will not be a very formidable business, despite the agitation that Iris been got up about it. Each servant will require to have a card,to which the in i Areas must attach and c heel special stamps to the value of 6d. a week, of which she pays heir, and the servant half. No benefits accrue for the first sin months, but after that the servant becomes entitled to free medical attendance, and to is. 61. a week sick pay for 13 weeks, and ss. a week afterearda The servaat thee obtains substant ill benefits for her 3d. a week, but the mistress merely gains the right to say that she is relieved of all obligation to colt in the family doctor, when a servant falls ill. That is the custom in many households, but even in such cases the servant may be better off, in that she will become entitled to a weekly allowance from the State in the event if her suffering from a permanent infirmity. The Bill, it is said, meddles in nearly every home, but it could hardly be otherwise unless domestic servants were excluded altogether. Book Reviews.—" A String of Beads," by Jittie Horlick (a new author) published by Du:Acworth, is a most fascirsating book. To deny its originality, and individuality, were to deny the undoubted truth. Ulnas charm, humour and great understanding, its characters are many of them delightful, its situations uncommon, its dialogue amusing and uncooventional. Bet thereat charm and fascination of it lies in the way it is written, its enexpectedness and variety. Moreover Mrs. Horliek writes about London Society from the inside— she knows her world. Her people are real, they behave like real people, they say the most rational things in the most rational way. Patricia a beeutifnl orphan, charming vivacious, whimsical, and sometimes infinitely pathetic,lives alone in London. She goes abroad, on a motor tour with a porty of friends. Lady Josephine, John, David, Guy—they are all delightfuLand she meets her fate in Paris. Paul Serrate), half English, half Spanish, is a past master in the art of love making, but be is more than thin, much more. Their love story, and misunderstandings are very subtly told, and very true ,to life. The way Mrs. Berl ick eventually Wogs them together is ingenious, and distinctle original. A delightful book., full of quaint and charming thoughts and fancies. Cosy Rest and Dressing Gowns.—Wrappers and dress- ing gowns impose° every year in make and design ' Not only are much more attractive materials used than formerly, but more attention is paid to the shape, which in consequence, may now be called elegant. The dressing gown, often hideous in colour and cot, as it was known say a decade ago, would not be tolerated , now. Yet the garment of to-day is not leas but more comfortable. When travelling or visiting, a pretty silk kimono is indispensable, and no one need feel raohamed if discovered when wearing it. if made at home, and no garment oftera fewer difficulties to the amateur, the choice of China silks in almost every hue, is almost embarrassing. Silk crepe is another Peal material and delaines with their charming sprigged patteros can be highly recommended. For warmer gowns there are French and Scotch flannels in pretty floral patterns— while the claims of flannelette should not be overlooked. For dinner wear, or sunny winter resorts, cotton crepe is very popular, it washes so well ; lawns and dimities, too, are dainty, and can be kept fresh with little trouble. The new purple shade in frieze,or in slighter texture with a silky finish, like coarse serge, make delightful rest gowns, when trimmed with braid,or even stitching. Ribbed velveteen is a perfect ma•erial for a glorified dressing or breakfast gown, in which its possessor may appear at tea, or even at dinner in her home. When trimmed with late and ribbon it is at its best- The dainty jackets for winter wear ia ripple or other cloths, to be seen in almost every shop, are meat cosy and comfortable. Renovations and Crimbicationa—A velvet coat bag a tendency to get shabby at the edges, but if it be of three-quarter length, it can be cat shorter, and bound all round, signs of shabbiness disappearing, and the coat is almost as good as now. Embroidered tapestry is at Its beet when used as a trimming for long velvet coats, being often used as a facing about three inches in width, whilst a light-fitting band of skunk finishes the neck. A new material that is ideal for a handsome long coat is of black velvet with satin back. It is used also most appropriately for afternoon tailor modes. In the case of the former and in some cases of the , latter also, the tr:mminge for r and cuffs are of the material reversad, the edge of the coat and MLitt being finished with a band of ekunk. Never perhaps in the whole history of dress were combinotions in materials and trimmings so marked a feature an to-dar This characteristic manifeeta itself on every hand, in the serge tailor made, an well as is the elaborate even- ing gown. Ball dresses even for them suggest girl meat make a brave show of dainty laces mad expensive embroideries, and be further embellieffied with floral additions in wool or silk, all of which is disconcerting in conjunction with a limited allowance for these combinations are expensive.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR WILFRID LAUdIER.

---- • Sir Wilf,id Lanrier, who was severity years of age on Monday, was the recipient of congratulation. from Mr. Asquith and other political feeders on this aide. " If I %rem not French," Sir Wilfrid once said, " I would choose to be Scotch." Hia rise to fame was predicted as far tack as the 'sixties. "There's a bead for you," said his at law partner, after introducing him to Dr. Frechette, the poet laureate of French Canada. "Did ycu notice that head The young Dan who has it on bin should...a is sore to rani., himself heard of yet in the world. Why, sir, be is a poet, an orator, • philosopher, and a jurist— mark my words, he I. the coming man." How true this prediction was all the world knows.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL SOCIAL

St. John's Ward Committee Entertained.

A very successful Us and social was held at Atkirson 8 Cafe, on Monday evening, in real:town to an invitation from Mr. Peter Peacock, chairman of the, Ward Over cue hundred members attended. A substat tial tea Wai supplied by the caterers, and a watt enjoyable social fallowed, the ari ids li. ing Mire Sara Silcock, Mrs Sande, a old Messrs n i Sett, Sanders, Wallinghtn and Narita. humoul hit was Mr. Sam Auek land.

The Chairman read an encouraging telegram from Mr. Arthur Crosfield, which was remised with applause. Mr. Peaco7k urged upon the nieurbete of St. J ihn's Ward to do their utmost in wining back the seat for Liberalism and a Warringtonian, and after commehting upon Mr Harold Smith's speech the other night, stirted if the Mem,ser did not think Mr. Crr afield bad the ability to undo stand, the Warriegton p_eop'e ought to be made to uuderstand how Mr. Her rld Smith was foisted upon the Conaervatirea in Warring- ton by a few of their party. The Chairman proceedel to state there was not much glory in superceding a gentleman of the standing of Mr. Pier/mint by the tactics the other party displayed, but be was glad to , find that the citizens of Warrington had conferred the Freedom of the Borough upon Mr. Pierpoint. (Applauae). The same tactics were applied, only with more force, and with the active anima ce of Harold Smith, in making Mr Balfour's partition tailcoat trtairle. Now that the Parliamehtary Bill had become law, we hall our freedom at last, and all 'our political efforts were not to be stu.tified and spoilt by an irresponsible house of aristocrats. (Aiplause.) The Insurance Bill was one of the children f the Budget, and was only made posiible by the leasing al that Budget, and sow the Libelsl prrty were endeavouring to give everyone a fair chance. As Friendly Societies were pr.ctically unanimous in accepting the Insurance Bill, and it would include about ten milliorvr, who are out- side of any Society, the country must of necessity benefit through the passing of that great measute. (Applause) Referring to Home Rule, the Claiiman stated Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerinan was denounced when self-government was given to the Transvaal, and if we could reconcile Fee .chmen in Quebec by self- government, and reconcile the Dutch in the Trans- vaal by the same means, then ashy not give the name measure to Ireland ? (Applan.e). Mr. WINNE.JONF:S, the President of the Progressive Labour league, delivered • vigorous speech on the political situation, and the meeting terminated, after a vote of thanks to Mr. Peacock for his generosity, pro- posed by Mr. U. WALKER, and seconded by 'Mr. S.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
d:, 1 4*. e ip - • Jr- _ _ __- •

MERRYWEATHERS'

gnivto.4l, PO. a^ 4 Mod It, FIkE EXTINGUISHER.

I. Nothing to get out of °rat. 2. Nothing to corrode. 3. Notkag to explode. 25e0 out of 11:e 4199 Ler.len Fires were ccin-

gulsheel in one year by thcae

63, LONG ICA VC,

LONDOi4:

16111.116.11..1.11111....1"".4 . •0,4•",.„ •..., -.4•' • A 4 ••••• . 14. AOC,' ..fre,••• . V ‘ -...._,.. I \ • . • Ar'; • - 4...• • . :14 '• • . e; IP.; • 1 ,0R..•., ..t. ir '.: 0.,: yibriagfe.ll-; s,„:„. Lung Tonic ,;.• , tolor, The most up-to-date, best known ' • and most successful Remedy 111 : 0 the World for ''. • ' COUGHS & COLDS' • s, ••• .• Invaluable , srtnstasmr,Ess and all a 0 • who suffer (ton THIMAT W 1....,,,,, ••.. '. • CAUTIOII:—AU for wOwbridg*" - P and team no sabstltute. . Tama la Ow tn•••.l.neapaal ...,1 .7.,...., .. , .• • • .;.. • W. T. OWBRIDGE, LA.. do,:, • The Laboratory. HULL. ,i, 0 • 1.01144 d ,• a . lola •reerylelm..l.,ole• al :4.0,- - 1/11, VC 44 & Ili • :•, , . 0 ' •tf., ~,, .'''., .. .. , ..Y4i/••• ~ •• ...0,0 oi•Vi.. 1

===== 0002601_19111125_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
HAND FIRE PUMP

===== 0002601_19111125_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
it DISTRICT MEWS

Padgate.

WE-LEY GUlLD.—There mu a good number present at the meeting of the Wesley Guild on Monday evening , to hear Mr. Medley Taylor lecture on The incessant warfare with nature." Mr. J. H. Mason presided and introduced the lecturer, whose remarks on this unusual subject highly interested the audience. An excellent series of lantern slides, many of which had been pre- pared by the lecturer, were particularly well shown by Air. Frank Appleton, who manipulated the lantern. A hearty vote of thanks to the lecturer and lanternist, brought to a close a most enjoyable and instructive evening. JUNIOR G HILD.—The members of the Junior Guild listened with interest on Wednesday evening to the remarks of Miss Upson, whose subject was " Sir Galahad in quest of the Holy Grail." FF:ARNHEAD A.F.C.—The newly formed Fearnhead Villa .I.F.C. played their first match on Saturday on their own ground. From the outset, it was evident that the opposing team—Warrington United—had met " foemen worthy of their steel," and at the close the scores were : Fearnhead 7 goals, Warrington 2. For the home team the brothers James and John Houghton scored 3 and 2 goals respectively ; Messrs E Pomfrey and G Bell being responsible for one each. They meta Winwick Junior to-day (Saturday).

Culcheth. CON,ERT.—A grand concert organized by the Kenyon Branch of the Amalgamated Society of Railway servants was held in the Newchnrch C.E. schools on Saturday evening last the proceeds being in aid of the orphan fund of the society. A eplendid array of artistes bad been engaged and the concert was a huge success in every way. A piano solo was given by Mr Cyril liorrocks and Miss Elsie Miller rendered very effectively Tosti's " Goodbye," and a Scotch character song entitled "Caller Herrin:" Mr Barrett Calvert contributed" Sweet Island of Ulva " and " Mona," and Mr J Wilkinson was heard to advantage in " Thor& " and an Australian song scene entitled "Sing me en Irish Song." Miss Frances Bailey sang with much expression " Angus Macdonald" "When we're together." Two special duets entitled " The mushroom umbrella " and My dusky maid " were excellently rendered by bliss Elsie Miller and Mr. J. Wilkinson, and a duet" Home to the mountains" by Miss Francis Bailey and Mr. Barrett Calvert was very well received. A quartette by members of the party, entitled " A regular royal queen," was also very much appreciated- Mr. Will Reason created roars of laughter by his humorous songs sad sketches and was repeatedly called upon foe an encore. During the interval a short speech on the progress of the society and other good work done amongst the orphans was given by Mr. J. Johnson, of Bolton. The Rev. W. Wbittenbury Kaye presided and Mr. Cyril Kaye acted as accompanist throughout. kenketh.

WE.,LEY tN CIIURC H.—On Saturday evening a con- gregational meeting was held in the Wesleyan Schools to hear the report from the officials of the church in regard to the result of the subscriptions that had been promised and collected to remove a debt of something like £l5O on the church and schools for improvements, Mr. .1. Watson, jun., society steward, who had the work of collocting in hand made the pleasing statement that , he had been successful in collecting sufficient to clear oil the debt, which called forth hearty applause. Refreshments were handed round during the evening. An enjoyable time was spent. The superintendent minister (Re v. W. Beckett) presided. Rev. IL Middlowood and Mrs. Middlewood were also preseht. - • •

WESLEY OCILD.—On Wednesday evening last the literary section of the above provided a very ,njoyable time for the Guilders, being successful in getting Mr. J. Upson, JP., to speak to them. He gave an address on the Children s Act of 1008. and dealt with it in his UM& interesting style.—Mr. C. E. Parker. JP., very kindly acted al chairman, and said he was sire that they all were indebted to Mr. Upson for coming that evening and giving such an excellent address on mit an important and interesting subject. CORONATION CONCERT.—This took place OD Tuesday evening in the Wesleyan rchcols, and was a great success, Dr Murray presiding. The concert was opened by a pianoforte trilo entitled" Man-o'-war," Miss II Baker ; Swedish dance (girls) conductor, Mrs Bell ; song, entitled " Daddy," Miss F Carrington, accom- panist, Miss II Baker; chorus, Beecham's Pills Nigger Troupe, Mr Woodward conductor ; recitation, "The Revenge," Miss G Bell ; drill dance (girls), conductor, Miss F Watson ; song, "Eileen _Mannish," Miss B Scott, accompanist, Miss S Greenhalgh ; skipping rope daces (girls), conductor, Miss C Atherton ; song" Nobody else," Miss E Baker, accompanist, Miss D Baker ; dance, Sir Roger de Coverley, boye, con- ductor, Mrs Bell •, song, "Wait for the waggon," Nigger Troupe, conductor, Mr Woodward. The primary object of the concert was to get the children and their parentsand friends together,tbe Coronation committee having a balance in band from the subscriptions given for the Coronation festival, and decided to give tb children (who took part in that memoriable day) each a framed photo of the group they were in. This was ably carried out and some 140 children each received a photo from the hands of Miss Tinsley, who took a deep interest both at coronation time and now to make its success. Much praise is due to the children for the excellent way they took their different parts, and 0 each of those responsible for teaching the children as it was raid by all that a great deal of work and patience must have been expended to get them so perfect. Ile arrangements were in the hands of a sub- committee of the Coronation Committee, consisting of Mrs Bell, Blesara It Aldcrolt, B Ireland and .1 Woodward who are to be congratulated on suck a huge success, as the school was packed.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath. ST. THOMAS' SALE OF WORE.

Considerable interest was taken by the congregation of St. Thomas' Church, Stockton Heath, in the annual sale of work mhich was held in the Hall Cafe on Thursday. The event had been well prepared for by the lady workers, and there was a choice collection of useful and fancy wares. Much taste had been exercised in the arrangement of the stalls which were allocated as follows :—Cburch officers, congregational, Girls' Friendly Society, china, Bible classes, and refreshment. The opening ceremony was performed by Mrs Egerton Warburton, of Arley Hall, in the presence of a large gathering. The Vicar (Rev. James Collins) explained that the principal object of the sale was to assist the curate tund, the income of which had notbcon as large as they would have liked, of recent years. Some of the district visitors kindly collected for it in their respective disticts and raised about Eto a year in that way, which I was very creditable to them. (Hear, hear.) However it took more than .C5O to keep a curate. (Laughter.) They bad bad to advertise for one at £2oo—an increase on what they had previously paid. That was shard parish to work in and they required a curate of ability who would be worth £2OO. They hoped shortie to obtain the services of a good man. Mr. Collins con- cluded by announcing that the late Curate, the Rev. H. A. Lester, bad sent a message wishing the sale every success and stating that he found it impossible to leave his work in London to come amongst them on that occasion. Mrs. Egerton-Warburton said she did not feel • stranger by any means at Stockton Heath, for there were many links of friendship between them. She hoped the sale would be an unqualified success. The object—to provide the stipend of a curate—was one which most appeal to all earnest Church people. They bad been so well provided for in the past that it would not at iirat be apparent to them how great the loan would be if that extra cleriesl help were not forthcom- ing. That was a large perish and the loss would be felt especially by those who were in the need of sympathy— the sick, the friendless and the sorrowful. Money was therefore imperative but It was not easy to get in these days—at least not to spend as they wanted. 'I hey did not always appreciate how much work there was to be I done before a heater took place, and what warm thanks were due to the committee and stall-helders who had ' for militia been making or collecting the goods which she hoped would shortly be turned into gold and provide the necessary funds for some time to come. (Applause). Mr. T. J. Lee, in proposing a vote of thaoks to Mrs. Egerton-Warburton, sabl the parish was growing every

year and it was impossible to do the work of the church adequately without a curate. They could not get a good curate unless they were prepared to pay him well. Mr. W. Mclntyre seconded. lie said the Egerton- Warburton family had been associated with that district for many years and had Invariably taken a deep interest in the work of the Chorcb. (Applause.) The vote was heartily accorded and the sale began. During the evening a banjo and mandoline band under the leadership of Mr C \Vhitley, gave a capital pro- gramme in pleasing style. "Madam Z.ska," a palmist, held consultations. The proceeds of the sale amounted to about £2OO. - -

ACCIDENT To MR. F. WM-so:v.—On Wednesday Mr. Wilson, cab proprietor, Lymrn, had been out with a party and on returning in the evening was thrown from the driver's seat near Waaborton, and severely burl. Dr. Thorpe was called in and it was found Mr. Wilson had several ribs broken and will be confined to his bed for some time. -

-- UNITED 3IISsION BAND —A GOBpel service was held on Wednesday evening in the Baptist schoolroom, Higher•lanc, when a good number assembled. The address was given by Mr. Sydney Linley. his subject basin*" The First Cbri stians at Antioch." Mr. Harry Perrin recited a very beautiful piece entitled "Hot Wanted, or Cripple Nanny." A duet was rendered by Miss Elliott and Miss Goodier," The Christian's Good- night:. Mr P Marr presided. The meeting was in every way very homely and bright. TARIFF REFORM LEA LUC —A meeting in connection with the Lymm branch of this league was held in the Assembly Room of the club on Friday, the 17th inst Mr J Donovan (of the Manchester 'reef! Reform League) gave an address on Tariff Reform from the economic aspect. Mr W G Lecomber presided. and was supported by a large number of members of the League and friends.—At the close of the meeting a vote of thanks was proposed to the Chairman by Mr C Stidston Broadbent, seconded by bit William Thomson, and was I heartily agreed to. CONGREGATIONAL CiTRIATIAN SERVICE BAND.— There was a good number of young people present at this meeting on Monday eveninp. Mr H S Brown gave a stirring address on "Practical Christianity." He said "we forgot our Christianity when we came in contact with the business of the world in every day

life, but if we want to do any good for Christ we must live pure lives day by day."—Theaddreas was much appreciated. A solo was rendered by Miss M. A Taylor, entitled 0 In the sweet bye and bye," very creditably. Mrs Cyril Lev is presided. The meeting concluded with abort prayers.

WESLF.Y AN CIIURCII.—The foreign missionary anniversary was held in this church on Sunday last, when the services were conducted by the Rev. E. Morgan in the morning, and the Rev. J. H. Pawlyn in the evening. The congregations were good throughout the day. On Tuesday evening a tea meeting was held in the schoolroom to which a good number assembled, and thoroughly enjoyed the proceedings. During tha evening useful goods were offered for sale made by the Busy Bee Society, to augment their funds to support an Indian orphan under the charge of the Rev. H. H. Newham. A missionary meeting washeld in the church afterwards, when the Rev. Thomas H. Hainman, 20 years pioneer missionary in South Africa, gave some thrilling adventures while he wan among the great Katie tribes of the Northern Transvaal. He was listened to with great interest by all. The collection at all services and the proceeds from the tea and sale were devoted to the Wesleyan Foreign Missionary Society.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
NERVES AND NEURALGIA.

Go to any chemist and obtain one ounce of Alyea°, one ounce of Glycerine, and half an ounce of Tincture of Gentian. Pour these into a six-ounce bottle and fill op with water. The dose is a teaspoonful three or four times daily, in water if preferred. In severe cases take a dose hourly until relieved. This very simple mixture will cure worst possible attack of nerves, neuralgia, sleeplessness, headache, and similar ailments arising from a ran-down state of health, will entirely remove "that tired feeling," land promote digestion and good spirits.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

WOULD-BE SUICIDES ALLEGATION AT RUNCORN.

A remarkable story was told at Runcorn on Monday. when Richard Pugh (25), son of a well-known former, publican, was charged with damaging a rug in the cell, and also with attempted suicide. Superintendent Ennion said the men was wanted on a charge at Wallsend-on- Tyne,and was arrested in Runcorn on Saturday night. At ten o'clock witness went to visit him in his cell, and found him lying on the floor uncon- scious. He bad his bootlace tied tightly round his neck. Witness cut it, and after twenty minutes' artificial respiration prisoner recovered his senses. The man would have died in a few minutes if be had not been found. Prisoner : I Was not going to be knocked about and called a dog. Jam no more a dog than that gentleman —if be calla himself one. It's a lie to say I attempted suicide. All men on public works tie a bootlace to their braces no as to stop their shoulders from being rubbed. Superintendent 'Union asked who had knocked prisoner about. Prisoner : It was too dark to see. They called me, dirty deg. In committing Pugh for twenty-one days, the Chair- man raid he had not helped himself by bringing unfounded charges of that kind.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. At Dutton on Tuesday, Mr J Spruce presiding. " THR_SHEPHERD

.1 letter was read from Farnham Union with respect to the proposals of the Royal Commission to deal with the feebleminded. Mr. Morrie said he did not see the necessity of pass- ing such a resolution. The late Home Secretary took a man out of Dartmoor who had become notorious as "The Shepherd." The Home Secretary exercised his powers too lavishly. Mr. Hallows said they ought to deal with the feeble- minded and he moved that the resolution be supported. . . . .

Mr Morris said he objected to the principle. The Clerk said the resolution was a preventative measure to prevent the feeble-minded roaming at large. The board decided to support the resolution Mr Morris voted against.

EXTRA IMAS RELIEF. Notice was given that at the next meetings resolu- tion would be submitted recommending that Is. extra he given to all adults in receipt of outdoor relief and 6d. to children. THE lIIILDREN'S HOME—DUITON _LODGE SUITABLE.

The Clerk reported that the Boarding-out Committee had met that morning and correspondence was read between himself and the agent for the Aston Hall estate respecting the terms of the lease Ste ,of Dutton Lodge. The Local Government Board architect had reported that the building was suitable for a childrens home for between 40 and 50 children subject to certain structural alterations and it was recommended that the Board engage the services of architect to prepare plan and estimates and submit to the Local Government Board. It %sea decided that such plsna be prepsred and submitted.

HOUSE COM 34 I irEE BI:S/NESS. Tbe House Committee passed a vote of thanits to Mr. Antrobus for gifts of eriodicals. Mrs. Lee Jones was thanked for her offer to give an entertainment to the inmates on December 2191. The number of the inmates in the noose last week was 81 compared to 97 last year a decrease of 13. Daring the week 199 vagrants had I been relieved as against 181 for the corresponding !period of last year.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
TITANK

A letter of thanks was read from the Secretary to the Runcorn Cottage llospital for the Boards subscription of two guineas per annum. RUNCORN RURAL COUNCIL At Dutton on Tuesday, Mr T Wright presiding. MOORE SEWERAGIL _ • - • -

The Local Government Board gave notice of their intention to hold an enquiry at the Miler Institute, Moore, on Friday at 10.30 into the application of the Rural Council to borrow 0,300 for purposes of sewer- age and sewerage disposal for the parish of Moore. A SECOSO RIVKR MERSEY. SARCASM FROM (A RA PPRSHALL. . .

The Clerk read the following letter from Mr D Book.," Eversley " Albert-road 2 Grappenhall. 'Some- time ago you raised the question of the condition of Albert-road. Another winter is upon on and nothing appears to have been done. I only wish a member of the Rural Council resided in the road and then there would be some prospect of attention being paid to it. If left much longer we shall have a second river Nlersey. The asnd is being continually washed down ' and your man is continually wheeling it away instead of putting it back again. Although the road is not taken over we pay rates the same as others and are entitled to a little attention of this sort. Please put the matter right at once." The Clerk said the owners Were asked some two years ago if they would agree to the making of the road under the supervision of the surveyor but apparently nothing was done. The qnestion was whether the time had not arrived when the road and also Victoria Avenue should be dealt with under the Private Streets Act. This course was agreed to on the motion of Mr. Pilling. ONI LT LSOR NOTIFICATION OF Tr AFIICCLOSIS. A lengthy circular letter wee read from the Local

Government Board with reference to the compulsory notification of pulmonary tuberculosis which will come into force on January let next. Dr. Adams (medical officer) said by the power the Council had they had done a great deal towards the diminution of tuberculosis in the Council area and with extended powers which' the new Act would give them he considered it would do much in the prevention of what was known 85 the white plague.

ORM RS AT FRODSIIANI. The Housing and Town Planning Committee recom- mended that seven closing orders be issued in respect to certain cottage property at Proclaim°. Mr. Limiter, son., said these would affect 28 persons and he hoped action would not be taken until a reason- able opportunity had been given the tenants to net fresh homes. Cottages for this class of tenants wero very hard to get and he hoped the hand would be stayed so that no hardships would be imposed.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD START IN LIFE.

—•-- A Widnes boy,fifteen years of age, was charged before the local magistrates on Monday with stealing a puree containing sa. Cul. the property of Charlotte Burner, 28, Bank-street, Widnes. Mrs. Burns gave information to the police on Saturday that she had had her purse taken from her pocket at Widnes Market—Police Constable Robinson, who saw primed loitering about the market at eleven o'clock, auspected him, and, when qoestioned, the boy admitted having taken the parse, and said where he had thrown it —Two other similar charges were preferred against the prisoner,which he admitted. The bench took a lenient view, icflicted a fine of 20s. discharged him on the other two counts. nod placed him under the care of the probation officer for all months.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

LORD WOLMER AND WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE. Lord Wolmer, M.P., in a speech to the Newton Division Conservative Association on Saturday, referred to mashood suffrage, and said it seemed to him that Mr. Asquith and Mr. Lloyd George wished to find a method of effectually scotching women's suffrage. Mr. Asquith dare not oppose it in the House of Commons, and Mr. Lloyd Georj,e was regarded by the women as a snake in the grass. If manhood suffrage were adopttri It would mean the indefinite postponement of women's suffrage as a quo:ion of practical politics. There were a million more women than men in the country. If every man had a vote, then every woman would have to have one under an adult suffrage bill, mid then them a would hen great majority of women voters. If he knew the men of England, they were not likely to agree to that. That was the reason why Mr. AsyttiLh suddenly pronounced for manhood suffrage. It was a dodge on the part of the Government to sidetrack the legitimate demands of the women who were qualified to haves share in the government of the country.

BREAKING INTO SHOPS. EARLESTOWN MEN SENT FOR TRIAL

At Warrington Occasional Court, on Monday,Michao English, and William Trigg, lodging at 86, Legh-street, Earlestowo, were committed to the Liverpool Quarter Sessions on the charge of breaking and entering the shop of Bradley and Co., Earlestown, and stealing a safe containing £22 in cash and a number of books on Friday, the 10th inst. The evidence was to the effect that an entrance had been effected by removing a , =niter of bricks from the back room window. The safe was removed to the lodgings of English, where it was broken open, and afterwards taken to some waste land near John-street, where it was buried but was recovered by Sergeant Lennie. When arrested, by Sergeant Lennie, Trigg said, in reply to the charge, be had " planted" some of the money. It was no use telling him where, because it would not lighten the sentence. It would came in useful for him when he came out, A further charge of breaking and entering the premises of the Maypole Dairy Company, Legh-etreet, with intent to commit a felony, was preferred against Trigg. On this occasion the safe was removed from a stand into another room. He was committed on this charge also. The Chairman (Mr. C. White) complimented Sergeant Lennie upon the intelligent observation he had displayed.

THE LABOUR POLICY. PARTY ATTACKED BY LORD VFOLMER,

In the course of a speech to a meeting of the Con- servative Divisional Association on Saturday afternoon Lord %V°lmer said the Labour party, since Mr. Ramsay MacDonald became the leader, had, as an independent force, ceased to count. It started by assisting Mr. Asqvith to destroy the power of the House of Lords to refer measures to the people. Then it assisted his. Asquith to stifle debate, and take away practically all the rights of private members, tying the Commons hand and foot in order that they should do implicitly what the Government demanded. The Labour party, which professed to take an interest in industrial questions, had practically made no show in the Insurance Bill debates. Its members had been nothing but the servile servants of Mr. Asquith and Mr. Lloyd George. During the rioting of September from every Labour platform it was declared that Mr. Asquith had better resign at once. They con- demned the Government for sending troops to Man- chester and Liverpool, but had not moved hand or foot to attack in Parliament. It was the same with the Shops Bill and the Coal Mines Bill and the Osborne judgment. The Bill dealing with the Osborne judgment had been dropped, and the Labour party had just pocketed the insult. The only thing they had got was £4OO each a rear. That appeared to keep them sufficiently quiet for Mr. Asquith to do anything he liked with them, and to force them to toe the line to the Liberal party.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SALTERTON MIRACLE Paralysed and Helpless. Cured by DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS For Weak and Nervous People.

Mr. T. Sedgemore, Lyndale Cottage, Chapel-street, Budleigh Salterton, South Devon, writes :—" I was completely helpless from spinal paralysis, being unable to move hand or foot, and I was sent into hospital but despite all their efforts I was declared incurable. Then I was carried home, but hearing of several remarkable ewes by Dr. Cisdell's Tablets for Weak and Nervous People, I began to take same. Almost at once a slight improvement took plaee, and in a few weeks I could move my limbs freely. Gradually, but Purely, Dr. Cassell's Tablets for Weak and Nervous People strengthened me more and more, and now, to the amazement of everyone, lam completely cured, and able to cycle to my work. People call me the Salterton Miracle.' " Dr. Cassell's Tablets for Weak and Nervous Peop'e will cure all form, of nerve, organic and physical weakness in children or adults. Price 10A., Is. lid. and Is. 9.1. of all chemists. Send 2d. in stamps to Dr. Cassell's Co. Ltd., King-street, W., Manchester, for a free trial box.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

Sr. HELENS DOG AND POULTRY SHOW. The sixth annual show run by the employes of the, various department of Messrs. Pilkington, St. Helens. under the title of the St. Helens Recreation Fanciers Association, took place on Saturday. On the preeent occasion all the classes were confined to the members of the firm. They showed a very strong band in the feather world, and it is very pleasing to note that the , dog fanciers are increasing. During the day Messrs W A and R A Pilkington and Miss Evelyn Pilkington and Mr Cogens•Hardy were prominent visitors. The judges were :—Dogs, Mr L Lewis, St. Helens ; cage birds, Mr J W Metcalfe, Liverpool ; poultry, Mr F J Herbert, St. Helens ; and pigeons, Mr E Burrows. The awards for the best dog in the show went to Mr Rigby ; that for the best bitch, Mr Appleton ; and for the best in either sex the latter gentleman was again successful. Cage bird : Best in the show was awerded to Mr Sam Woods, who also took the novice honour and four specials with s Norwich canary. Best York award went to Mr R Little ; best British bird, to Messrs Heim and Ashall ; best other than canary, Mr J Abbott, and the same gentlemsn secured the cbif honour in the poultry section.

SNOW IN THE HIGHLANDS AND IN WALES. The Scottish Highlands are reported to be in the grip of a very severe snowstorm, the snow lying deeper than it has done at this time for several years past. The higher hills in the Bawdy district of Inverness- shire are covered to a depth of over a foot, and in some localities there have been difficulties and delay In delivering the mails. Much damage has been done to young trees, many saplings having been snapped. Sheep are badly off and have to be hand-fed. Deer have been compelled to seek the low lands and could be seen the other day in large flocks on the sides of the road near the railway line.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Provost ,sf2tih- Oats

are the pick of the test Oats that the fertile farms of Scotland can produce.

Look for the word PROVOST on the packet -- and firmly decline all substitute*.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTY IN CRAFTSMANSHIP.

Mr, Henry Ct.:loess, of Manchester, delivered an illustrated lecture on "The Craftsman and his work," under the auspices of the Ogden Trust and the Warrington Museum Committee, in the Masonic Hall, Bold-street, on Saturday evening. Mr. J. Upson presided over a good attendance. Mr. OGDEN said the foundation and superstructure of civilization were built up on craftmanship. On the work of man's band controlled by his mind,and on the adaptation of nature's gifts of materials, bung his whole existence. So the craftsman pursued the noblest calling. Without his constant effort man would degenerate, and mischief would result from his idle hands, whether it be the idleness of the rich Cr the poor, or whether it be compulsory or voluntary, end the savage state would soon return In the early stages simplicity was the key-note in all man's contrivings, not only in the lesser thing, but in the greater also. A Temple or a Cathedral was, in general structure, but little more complex in design than a but or a barn, in fact it had been said that a Cathedral is only a 'glorified barn," although stone was used in one case, and bricks and wood in the other— the chief differences were in magnitude, perma- nency, and elaboration with ornament. We found the constructive featives delightfully emphasized and the beauty of the motives applied so tastefully, that we were lost in admiration, and were charmed with I the pet fections of the many crafts united and co-operating in the production of the harmonious whole under the general supervision of a chief contriver—the architect. Until the middle of last century most crafts bad legally bound apprentices who wore to be tiught the whole of their craft. In return they had but little remuneration and the youth received instruction from a roaster craftsman. In many iustances he lived with his master and before he was admitted to his guild he had to travel to gain fuller experience, so &mg his journeys and becoming a " journeyman." Latterly the subdivision of labour had prevailed and the so called apprentice was run into a grove and he learned only one pwtion of the trade and knew little of the whole ; herein lay the value of technical schools and libraries, and other supplementary aids to study. These gave knowledge in that which the economics of modern production denied. The modern craftsman had many advan- tages in the wonderful discoveries of science. The ideas of expert workers as set forth in innumerable treatises, rapid means of transport, had brought to hand the richest materials from the ends of the earth into the workshop, where the craftsman prepared them for his own special purpos.s. With all these advantages it might be expected that good work would naturally result. This was not, however, always the case—the demand for good work was often limited by the vagaries of fashion and often our very deficiencies were the result of facilities we possess. Formerly people were content with a fear really well made articles, but to-day we contented ourselves with useless things latest fashion—newest elle because we imagined they were woiks of art. Modern life with its many advantages, had also many detractions militating against the best efforts of the workman, such as the dividing of the task into too many sub- divisions, suppression of the name of the worker under the firm's company title, reducing the personal interest to a minimum. taste and feeling were likely to be neglected and thus the completed work was often lifeless. The arts and crafts exhibitions movement was the outcome of an effort to restore the joy of the worker. It was a great revelation to find highl , y educated " outsiders 'exercising their g.ft of research and affecting the whole ideas c,f taste and beauty. Morris Crane and others had led the way and had benefitted not only the handicrafts but also the manu- facturers. Simple and more beautiful furniture, jewellery and other objects weyradually gaining in estimation and though the a bum of illustrated journals and municipal efforts to educate the people, the beauty of old work was not only appreciated, but it was creating a demand which must be for the good of everyone.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTI-SOCIALISM.

The Lecturer on Capital and Credit

The second of the series of lectures promoted by the Anti-Socialist Union was held on Tuesday evening in the Masonic Hall, when Mr. C A. Swanton gave a lecture on "Credit.' Mr. H. J. Westbrook presided. At the outset, the secretary, Mr. Chas. McNair, referred to the correspondence which appeared in the local press last Saturday, relative to the complaint of Councillor Locker's, that in the advertisement Mr. McNair had informed the public that tickets and syllabus for the lecture could be obtained at the Liberal Club. Mr. McNair explained that be naturally thought that the Liberal Party as well as the Conservative Party were opposed to Socialism. He did not know whether that was true or not but as a rule it was. Under that impression ha sent a number of tickets to the Liberal Club and as he received no reply be took it for granted they were going to co-operate with them. Why they should take umbrage he could not understand unless there was I some understanding with the Socialists of which they did not know. Whether that was so or not, if the I Secretary objected to distributing the tickets, he might have advised him that he did not intend to do it. Mr. SWANTON pointed out that credit might be I regarded as an extension to capital. Capital in the material rense of the word consisted of land and all other instruments materialistic to production. Credit was an expansion of that by means of which they were able to utilize their intelligence, I character and reputation and convert it into money in order to carry on Borne industry. Whenever credit was given there was the impulse of trust. Reputation aod personality were of the utmost Importance. A bill of exchange and other instruments of credit vastly extended the power of mocey. There were sea to twenty times as many negotiable instru- ments as there was actual money in existence. The enormous power which credit exercised could be abused. The existence of credit wig mainly responsible for those fluctuations known as booms and panics. When there was a general feeling of prosperity there was a tendency on the put of the people to get excited and they pledged their credit to a too great extent and embatked upon transactions beyond their power. As a result of this boom there was an increase of business and industry which led to over production. At the present time there was not such a tendency, people were becoming more level-headed, and realising what lay at the bottom of the theory. Bad times were due to the fluctuations and periods of boom, followed by depression. The method to deal with those periods of depression was to insure against the consequences of them. They were bound to occur, and would continuo to occur. Discuu- ing the effect of credit upon prices, he maintained that if there was an improvement in credit, money increased, because credit and money were practically the same thing. If money increased the prices rose, which meant that goods were produced in greater quantities. There was no reason why they should interfere with it. Things would right themselves if they were left alone. The way to avoid the result of these consequences was Ito look ahead and insure against them. It was an undoubted fact that in recent years there Mid been an increase in the price of necessities. The cost of living had increased. There were various explanations for this rise. One cause was that the world's output of gold had enormously increased, and the commodities had not kept pace with it. They must remember that the price of gold was artificially fixed and if the price of gold could not be dropped the price of commodities must rise to meet it. In conclusion he said that if they would not Imperil their own credit they ought to do nothing which would impair national credit. The CHAIRMAN said he did cot think the members of the Liberal Association ought to have taken umbrage. They ought to have interpreted Mr. hlcNair's overture in the best spirit. Questions having been invited Mr. C. LEE asked what wan meant by the insurance against depression. Mr. SWANTON said he did not want to touch upon a political controversy tut he could see no reason why they should not insure against the consequences of unemployment. If the questioner meant it to refer to traders and business men he thought it was obvious and meant that they should outlive to the full extent of their income when trade was good and find themselves with nothing to fall back upon when trade was had. Don't you think the best cure for unemployment is to end work for the men ? Mr. SNN kNToN Undcubtedly. The only way to deal with It was to accept it as something which they could prevent, and insure the worker against loss of wares. If they altered the currency from gold into paper they would not need as mach credit as at present ? Mr. Sw ANTt.N : I don't think it 'would be safe to alter it. As a matter of fact, there was not sufficient confidence by human beings in each other or nations In each other to allow of the. being done. Ifithey had I that confidence they might do it. Is not that a strong indictment against the present system? Mt. SWANTON : It may be a strong indictment against human nature There was more confidence and credit in Scotland than in Eoglaud. The Cu zi [MI AN I telieve that is due to the fact that there is less socialism. Mr. LEE: No. If the sopply of gold were to become exhausted would it effect the question of credit Mr. STANTON No I Another metal would pro- bably take its place. A vote of thanks to the Lecturer terminated the proceedings.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
RIFLE SHOOTING.

L. & N. W. RAILWAY RIFLE CLUB v. APPLETON RIFLE CLUB. Toams representing thee Clubs met on the Range of the former, last Friday evening. The conditions of the match were :—Ten shots at a decimal target, at 25 yards, ten men aside, the best eight scores to count. Aperture sights were handi4apped by a deduction of 5 per cent, I will be seen from the results given below that the Appleton Rifle Club proved the winners, by 17 points. L. & N. W. RAILWAY. 1 Aperture or I Open Sights. Scores. W Bennett Aperture ...... 93 J W Elliott J C Noble W G Limb (captain)..' Open A W Allman Aperture Bl T Appleby S B Crompton H Sister Aperture 75 680 Less 5 per cent. for Aperture sights 655 Counted out. J J Davenport T Lowe „ APPLETON R.I. Aperture or Open bights. Scores. W Ashbrook Aperture 9ii C P Day ,, A Soepberd (captain) „ F C Bennion o .1 Braiuhall sr F 51 Cowley s• J Towers 7. E Pollard

Less 3 per oent for Aperture 51gbta33

Total Counted out, i; Outside C II Page N.R.A. COMPETITION.

...Aperture 3

The first of smarten of Sive monthly competitions,' organized by the Association, toak place on Tuesday evening on the range of the Whitecross Club, by the kind permission of their officials. The conditions were: —A team of six members ; ten shots each at • decimal target, at 25 yards. Possible score, 100 per man. The centre of the shot-bole to determine the value of the shot. No sighting shot! allowed. Below axe the Individual and total scores : C P Day F C Session ......... IV .tabbrook E Pollard A Shepherd .1 Bramhall

94

93

111

8::

THEET FROM A WARRIN6 lON WOMAN. At Widow, on Monday, Annie Ireland, a married woman, 14, Ray-street, Widnes, was toed 30s. sad costa for stealing ten ladies' blousea and several other articles of clothing from a stall Is Widnee Market, lest Saturday, the property of Agnes Crow, of 113, Routs- ford-road, Warrington- Prisoner was sees to take the things from the stall by Polly .lones, the owner's daughter, who gave her into custody —Asked by the Chairman how she accounted for her action, prisoner said it must have Lees more mitchief than anything else.

NEw Ofcranto.—The settlement of Ontario's hinter- land in the northern part of the province is to be vigorously proffecuted,where the existence of 20 million acres of excellent clay laud suitable for clone settle- ment has been established. The Canadian census returns just issued have shown that the rural population of Ontario is at a standstill owing to the drain to the North-west. The possibilities and attractions of Ontario's northland, while differing from those existing in the West, are believed to be just as great; and effective means, therefore, must be taken to bring home to the people the advantages that lie at their doors, and by stopping this leakage to build up Ontario. The ' Monetary Times" thinks that the only practical way to solve the problem of the settlement of Northern Ontario is to appoint a commission of men of ability. energy sod knowledge. It is also suggested that a trial will have to be given to ready-made farms, or at any rate rerni-ready holding. This lean age of rapidity, and it is difficult to induce settlers to take up land from whichthey must clear timber before crops can be grown.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.400_41•44±_.*

===== 0002601_19111125_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES

BLANCHARD'S

APIOL AND STEEL PILLS Are unrivalled for all Imago ...•) apeodily affonl relict end never fail to a 11.... . " BLANCHARD'S aro tho .at of all pills for Woman." wi per box, of all Cbenn.,-. x prat free (van LF,SLIE MANTYII, Ltd., 14, DALSTON LANE, LONDON. ennui) 11

Thii in no idle adrertivement, but a trnly marvel-1 remedy for GOUT and all Uric Acid troubles. ry it and you will be grateful. It Is absolutely,' baroness and a sure speedy tore Yon need not huffer any longer. FIFTEES DAY'I4 TREAT.. 3IENT .11t port fre, for 2. Id.

GOUTRID C0..17, 'SHAFTESBURY AVENUE.' LONDON, W.

PILES positively CURED by usinit _

Dr. Setterie's Cones No surgical treatment. A natural cure. Hundreds of testimonials received. 2,6 per box post free from the manufacturers. THE BRITISH PHARMACAL CO.. BEXHILL.

_Tilt NEW FRENCH .REMEDY. incontinent/I Hospitals by a ord. k wan . Jobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything bithe OP employed for im puri t y of blood.spots,blo& bes,pais & swelling ofjoints. kidney, bladder & unnary &wales, stric re„ dischadrs. piles, gravel, painsin bsek.gout,rheutostiem.esbauStions Aileeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, seconding to d,aeaurs. P.We ged 'part's, lars 14. stamp) post from in Great it ritain from Diel Cleve Medic lee Co, Haven. otockßoad.llalra4ea4. Lamtealk priac *al Chemist+

These tiny Cagoules relieve Kidney and Bladder Trouble promptly and cure in forty-eight bourn. FAch Capsule bean the lame " idy." Bold by all Clasmista, or post fres Irma

—iinzox a CO. (Dept 50) 49 HAA zr, LOWDOS,

sp,NTAL MI D‘

===== 0002601_19111125_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE

The Shakespeare Society. .Sin—As there appears to be some doubt as to the proposed methods of the Shakespeare Society, I trust you will allow me the oppor- tunity of further explanation. The suggestion is that there shall be monthly meetings arranged in pairs; thp first to he devoted to papers and discussion on A play. the second to readings from the slime play. 'The miner is to be short, not more than -half ran hour, As there is frequently some hesitation in beginning a discussion, it seemed best to provide two openers for the first time; the rest •of the meeting will be open to any members who care to speak on the subject. For the reading, volunteers will be called for at the first meeting; should there be a sufficient number, groups will he formed, who will be invited to get ready different sections of the play. The present Committee will be quite ready to assist in the formation and direction of such groups, or of similar groups for the study of the piny. but as the work will have to he done mainly in the houses of the members, it seems obvious that it must be for the most part a matter of, private arrangement. The Contmittee who are working to organise the Society thought it rield to arrange at least one ordinary meeting. ' As for the choice of the play, though this Society is not • officially connected with. the Shakespearian Dramatic Society. there is no doubt that the hope of its successful formation was aroused by the success of the Macbeth per. formanee. and that, should this hope be ful- filled, it will be largely due to the initiative and energy of Dr. Law, and, in addition, it seemed no small advantage to take a play in which many people were already inte-

rested. _ The choice of a play for other meetings will depend on the wishes of members them- selves. The same may be said of the general aims and methods of the Society. The ulti- mate control of such a Society must rest with its members, and-if there are any whoj are rtally interested in Shakespeare, but are not satisfied with the programme suggested above. I .would invite them to join the Society, mnd then bring forward such im- provements as may seem necessary, and thus bele to make it a success, and to give Me assistance to the anxious to study Shake- speare.—l am, sir, yours faithfully, F. ROSSITER, Han. Sec.

turers in the country-are combining together in order to call upon the Government to make considerable amendments. What line are the Warrington Chamber of Commerce taking?—Yours, etc.. K ENGLAND.

- Evening Schools Criticised. SIR .—I was interested ill reading your reports last Saturday of the prize distribu- tion to students attending the Evening Classes, and noticed that Father Wilson. speaking at Heathside Schools, said—" It was a very common complaint throughout the country that sufficient advantage was not being taken of the facilities and oppor- tunities offered by the continuation schools." and again, " He attributed the comparatively small degree of interest in the Evening Classes vesy largely to the rage for all kinds of amusements." Now, sir, we are bound to admit that amusements do account for a number of yotmg people neglecting their education, but surely this is not the only reason. Is it not a fact that a very large number of intending students are refused admission to the Evening Classes, year after year, because they cannot see their way to take, one of the courses of study, as laid down in the syllabus? Is it not also a fact that students who had been attending the classes for years were refused re-admission to the schools because they would not take one of the

courses? I ask, is it fair that a student should be encouraged to attend the classes, and then when nearing the end of his study be com- pelled to do what the education authorities want him to do or else leave the school? We will suppose that a student had been studying machine construction, stage 2, and was quite agreeable to take a course if that student wanted to continue his machine con- struction where he had left off, he would be put in an advanced course, one of the sub- jects being mathematics. At the end of the year he would be expected to sit at the examinations, rind if he did not pass in all the subjects, he would have to take the course over again. Now, sir, how is a student going to pass the mathematics examination if he has not taken the earlier stages? Yet this is what is expected of him. Then, again, we wilt suppose that a per- son wishes to study bookkeeping. He would have to take the first year commercial course, which includes shorthand. Now it does not matter bow proficient he may be in this subject, he would have to take the elementary shorthand over again, owing to it being included in that particular course. What is wanted is that the course system should be abolished, and then students would be able to centre their minds on one or two subjects instead of having a smattering of many.—Yours faithfully, A REJECTED STUDENT. November 23rd, 1911.

The National Insurance Bill. Sin,—There is a consensus of opinion that national insurance will be a great boon to the nation. There is not, however, the same consensus of opinion that the present Bill is an ideal one by any means. In fact, ninny leading authorities do not hesitate to con- demn it, and to state that in its present form it is an ill-conceived measure, and are urging the Government to call in experts to assist them in making it a sound one. I do not think anyone who is conversant with social and industrial problems can fail to perceive that if the Bill as now framed if passed into law will not only tend to place additional burdens upon the employers and employees, but will also lead to many willing workers being unemployed. It must be borne in mind that, owing to the manner in which the contributory clauses are drawn up, that both the employers and employees will be called upon to pay at least twice, for, in addition to paying their respectir; quotas, they will have to pay their quota as being part of the State. The methods, too, of its administration are also arousing justifiable criticism, for they will not only be costly, but irksome and irritating in the extreme. Many Liberals are becoming deeply con- cerned in the present management of the finances of the State, and their allegiance to the party is being severely strained. They observe that industry, instead of being assisted, is being handicapped, and they wonder what has become of the old policy, " Retrenchment,- which was part of their proud motto, "Peace, Retrenchment, and Reform." No wonder they sigh for the need of a financial genius of the stamp of a Glad- stone. who, instead of placing burdens upon the shoulders of the community, removed them. No one is more conscious than myself that it is the desire of the Government to pass humane measures, but no measure can be deemed humane if. on the one hand, it increases the cost of living, and on the other hand throws men out of the labour market. And that this will take place if the National Insurance Bill is passed into law is certain. for we have the evidence and statements of men like Sir Charles Macara. the leader of the cotton industry, and n Liberal to boot. and unite it host of leading manufacturers as well. One leading manufacturer has gone so far as to state that his firm will part with 300 men, and altogether the outlook of many workers is anything but bright. The fact is that the Government, In their anxiety to pass measures, are acting too hastily in this matter. lam not fit all surprised, therefore. that leading manufac-

er Saturday, November 25, 1911

LUNT MEETS AT APPLETON HALL.

THE MEET OF THE CHESHIRE HOUNDS ON WEDNESDAY, IN THE GROUNDS OF APPLETON HALL. There was a considerable gathering of interested onlodkers at the Cl e3l ire Hunt Meet on Wednesday at the residence of W:7. Mr. T. H. Lyon. About 40, huntsmen and ladies tarred ti 2 on hii seri- ck, and got off promptly with the pack, under the command of Captain Ripon, at eleven o'clock. " • ._•"*.t

best artificial language is indubitably Esperauto. We have now to shew why an international language is a desideratum. Different people will have different -reasons and I will mentir n just one or two. It is almost unnecessary to mention the tremendous value of an international language in translating foreign literature. Under present conditions, if a book is to become in any way universal it must be translated into nymy different languages. If Esperanto we adopted it need only be translated into that tongue to be read the world over and would, as a result, be obtainable at a far cl caper price. I am not going to say that, translated into Esperanto, the book would retain all the literary touches which A possesses in the languige in which it was writmn but it would lose to more th in it would do now by translation and it would have this advantage that the author himself would be able to translate it. In the commercial world, too, Esperanto would be a great boon and would no doubt be a further incentive to international trading. But the most impoitant point I leave to the last. It wou'd be a great means of knitting together nation and nation. It would teach many a man a lesson he has never learned before that " blithers we are for a'that " whether we ba black, white, red or yellow. It would be the enemy of war, hatred and foreign misunder- standing ; it would bring peace far nearer than all your increase or decrease of armaments (in whichever policy you believe) because it would cause men to understand one another and as. slon as they under- stood they forgive failings and peculiarities. There are many other points I should like to have mentioned but I must not encroach too much upon your space. Suffice it then to remind your readers of the fullowrog words of the late Le) Tolstoy. " - • . there is no more Christian science than the study of languages . . . and I have often remarked how people bear themselves enemies to one another, solely because they have no means of intercommunication. TLe study of Esperanto' then, and its diffusion, is assuredly a Christian labour, which hastens the coming of the Kingdom of God, the main—l should say the only—aim of human life."—Your, E. G. BURGESS, Don. Sec. Warrington Esperanto Society. 27, Bewsey-street. Nov. 1911.

Photo, Burrell.

by workmen which would bring about a much better efficiency in product ion but the workers during the past decade have passed through a period of speeding- up which they will not forget inn hurry. The employer a have dangled better wages etc., belore the worker's eyes if only he would produce more. The resu!ts of boon, schemes, piecework em, have , generally ended in more wcsk for the name amount of wages. But a question I asked n 0 self after reading Mr. Parker's article was : "Is it eur lack of efficiency is production that is the cause of low wages and general bad conditions h r the workers? Seeing that we now produce somewhere about .£1 of wealth per week per family of 5 I think it is readily acceded that it is not in the matter of wealth production that we are lacking. The matter inns Lloyd George Ins said, we have too big a free list. Extending cur argument a little Professor Theodore Ilertzka, the Austrian economist, says in his " Lavre of social ev‘ lotion " speaking of Austria, " Five million able and strong male memlnars con'd produce everything imaginable for the whole of the nation of 22 millions in two hours 12 minutes per day, working 300 days a year." With our elaborate method of production this could be done quite easily if ell. the labour now expended upon unproductive work was trannferred to doing productive teak. What I mean to say is that instead of hundreds of thousands of nen and women doing Binh useless work as producing advertieements and all the work of building, machine- making, etc., travellers rustling up sad down the country tying to sneak one another's orders, tL thensands of flunkeys, motor drivers, insurance agents, the thousands of rich people living upon the per ducers, but for these Dr. Hertzka's deductions would be quite possible. What is needed more than anything to spur the workers on to produce more; if it is in production that we are lacking, is a more thorough centralisation of production, for after all in spite of an ignorant resentment against the trust it is the most scientific methon yet devised for the produce lion and distribution. We don't want to smash the trusts,we ought to sea that they are used for the whole of the people's benefit. The greatest difficulty in the way of bringing this about is the same difficulty with which Mr. Parker says his scheme has to cobter,d with —that is, getting the people to understand.—Yours truly, LABOR OMNIA. VINCIT.

Esperanto. was delighted to read in tour last issue that the writer of " Jottings by an Old Journalist " had decided to study Esperanto and report upon the system, and I admire his enterprise in tto use his own words) " having a shot at it, stricken in years though he be." He may be interested to know that the late Professor Mayor (the eminent Latin scholar) learned Esperanto at the age of 83 and I had the pleasure of hearing him make a speech in the language after he had devoted but a few days to its study. Your writer's object, I take it, is t discover whether Esperanto fulfils the conditions which are required of an artificially constructed language to be used for the purposes of international (not universal) communication and I await the result of his examina- tion with interest. In the meantime,may Ibe slowed to summarise very briefly the Esperantist position for the benefit of those who are not fully acquainted with Esperanto and its possibilities? To justify his case the Esperantist has to prove three things : —(1) That an international language would be an advantage ; (2) That this international language should be artificially constructed ; and (:i) That the best artificially-constructed language is Esperanto. Let me take the last point first. Over GO systems have at one time or another been planned, but only four of these, Volapiik, Bolak. Idiom Neutral and Esperanto have been completed. Volapuk failed because it was not international in conetruction, it was difficult to learn and equally difficult to pronounce. Bolak also was not international •, it was founded on no principle, and the words were difficult to remember.' Idiom Neutral had its good points (all of which are retained in Esperanto), but it was not very easy to learn. It woe never put into practice and, with the advent of Espeianto, is completely out of court. The fact is that any, ne who knows anything of F.speranto and artificial languages at all knows that it is a question of Esperanto first and the rest nowhere. Esperanto fulfils, indeed, no nearly all the conditions required of an inter- national language that it would not only be foolish—it would be criminal-to wait for a better. This can be easily be proved by a short study of Esperanto and I feel certain that the writer of your paragraph, when be gives his report, will agree with me in this. In fact, men who had devoted the best years of their lives is thinking out systems gave up 'their attempts when Esperanto was published and at once heartily supported it. I do not anticipate that 1, anyone, once having admitted that an artificially coo- at. noted international language would be a benefit to mankind, would decide in favour of any but Esperanto. But why not adopt a living tongue (English for example) or a dead language ? lam sorry I cannot trespass upon your space to fully Ipoint out the reasons, but briefly they are these. In the case of living languages, the difficulty oi learning them is an inaurmountable obstacle to the man who I has not had a good education and, secondly, even if we kok it for granted that every man and woman could easily learn a foreign language, we should still have to decide what language It Is to be. Why should any country possess the advantage which must accrue if its la-rguage was adopted throughout the wand? Again, the adoption of a living language wnuld mean the gradual death a all existing lananages, a state of affairs lam sure no one would wish to see and which would be prevented by the adoption of an artificial tongue for international purposes, using one's native language for national purposes. In future only two languages would be awasery for any man, wherever he wished to travel wad with whoever he wished to communicate, namely, the langsage of this country and Esperanto. So far as dead languages are concerned, I think I can dismiss their claims in a few words. They have served their purpose ; they are companions of a memorable though long gone past and if we were to adopt any one of them, that language would have to be greatly altered to suit modern conditions and even then—practically an artificial language—it would be difficult to learn. We must at length come to the inevitable—artificial language or none at all! The language, then, must be an artiffical one, the

T CHESHIRE v. - r-7 -W ' • ''' it . 4 v r-' ',1.,.I- N 4 , • - '.. , ''''''-•s . , • I , 1 - -•e'''' , , ...•,..,..•- ..„: „err; - ,• .- . ' '' ' .' -' e . '''. .- .' -•-• - /....-‘ ' (r4PiP :ft $l., -. .4 ' ' ?he Shakespeare Society. ... „, _IA . - , .44,4 .4 ,• • • • .z.• .. • sin.—..ts there appears to be some doubt as . 't"' • to the proposed methods of the Shakespeare - ...s.''''' j • -.• co Society, I trust you Will fillOW me the oppor- r ..'" ' tr'" • es 1 ‘i, 17", ' t ''''';""•; '''''' t unity of further explanat ion. The suggestion is that there shall be monthly f „ . , . meetings arranged in pairs; the first to he • ' '. ^",--•,'• ' devoted to papers and discussion on 4 plas. the second to readings from the same play. . • • ~.-4i, ~ . .Tho paper is to be short, not more than half . - =''' iii hour, As there is f rem iently seine in in beginning a discussion it seemed best to provide two openers for the * . first time; the rest /of the meeting will be , open to any members who care to speak on - - the subject. For the reading, volunteers . • will be called for at the first meeting; should . there lie a sufficient number, groups will he . "N,,,,*0 • 4 s formed, who will be invited to get ready . . different sections of the play. The present .*Sr /Is= s • ~, .., . Committee will be quite ready to assist in ..Si . 115111%,..' / 'sierk ... the formation and direction of such groups, I` (1 C-11-1!* or of similar groups for the study of 'the t'' 2 , Inv but as the work Will have to be done , #'lk . .., , ) , , mainly in the houses of the members. it f '''' e - • •••• ' ' s 4 -.4 frit . - , seems obvious that it must be for the most . part a matter of, private arrangement. The .. Committee who are working to organise the . Society thought it rielit to arrange at least 03 ' _ li - ' • ) 1 '4l .. one ordinary meeting. 'As for the choice I ' of the play, though this Society is not ' ‘frl ' I officially comiected with t * .r * ' .., . • he Shakespearian Dramatic Society. there is no doubt that , .. . , ^ , . the hope of its successful formation was . . • , aroused by the success of the Macbeth per- fonnance, and that, should this hope be ful- 4 - filled, it will be largely due to the initiate and energy of Dr. Law, and, in addition. it . seemed no small advantage to take a play in which many people were already inte- rested. - The choice of a play for other meetings • TH .• - will depend on the wishes of members them- ~. /I selves. The same may be said of the general -- . • aims and methods of the Society. The ulti- '' mate control of such a Society must rest COIT . ~ with its members, and-if there are any who ' • ' II are nally interested in Shakespeare, but are not satisfied with the programme suggested hirerslir in on y ' above. I would invite them to join the make e Society, .and then bring forward such im- • wha, • - , provements as may seem necessary, and thus f C . bele to make it a success, and to give trite O. o - assistance to those anxious to study Shake- speare.-I am, sir, yours faithfully, . F. . ROSSITER, Han. Sec. 7 --- - Evening Schools Criticised. • , sic.-1 was interested in reading your reports last Saturday of the prize distribu- tion to students attending the Evening , Classes, and noticed that Father Wilson, speaking at Heathside Schools, said-" It . was a very common complaint throughout - the country that sufficient advantage was . not being taken of the facilities and oppor- tunities offered by the continuation schools,' and again, " He attributed the comparativel small degree of interest in the Eveni, Classes very largely to the rage for all him . of amusements." . Now, sir, we are bound to admit ' amusements do account for a numbe prang people neglecting their education . surely this is not the only reason. Is it not a fact that a very large n of intending students are refused ad, , to the Evening Classes, year afte. because they cannot see their way , one of the courses of study, as Is in the syllabus? . Is it not also a fact that stue • had been attending the classes ~. were refused re-admission to t because they would not take / courses? ' I ask, is it fair that a stude• encouraged to attend the class when nearing the end of his r „ pelted to do what the educati want him to do or else leave / We will suppose that a sti • studying machine constructie was quite agreeable to take • student wanted to continue struction where he had left • put in an advanced COllllSf jects being mathematics. year he would be exper examinations, and if he • the subjects, he would . course over again. Now, sir, how is a P - the mathematics exam taken the earlier stag , is expected of him. .• Then, again, we a . , son wishes to study . have to take the course. which inch does not matter 1 in this subject, II elementary shortl it being included What is wants . should be abolis' be able to cent subjects, inste many.-Yours November ' Th.? • SIR,-Th national i the natior consensus is an ide leading demn i form if urging to ass I i with . to y if r ad' er w I

• • I

===== 0002601_19111125_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
The National Service League and the Band.

Slll,—Mr. B. S. Townroe, with a modesty and reserve so unusual with him when the National Service Leagues methods are criticised, sits tight and says " puffin." Kipling pufs his case very well in "The Young British Soldier." I think Kipling is a member of the League. too. He writes, in his own inimitable style— If your officer's dead and the sergeants look white. Remember it's ruin to run from a fight So take open order, lie down, and sit tight, And wait for supports like a soldier. So far as he is concerned, I don't know that I have very much to add to my pre- vious letters except that I would like to remind him, if I may (begging Captain Crosfield's pardon), of a question he addressed to Mr. Arthur Crosfield a few weeks ago. It is really very funny, when you come to think of it, that it should have happened so. But he put a very simple question which he hoped Dir. Crosfield would not avoid, " if he wishes to be true to the Liberal principles of justice." I suppose he considered it quite a poser. It was—" Why should Smith protect Jones's wife?" I rather fancy the solution to the conundrum can be found by putting the question. in the light of very recent events, thus: " Why should. Captain Crosfield protect Mr. Townroe 9"

===== 0002601_19111125_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
* * *

In answer to Captain Crosfield, I would say, after thanking him for the obliging manner in which he so kindly made refer- ence to your correspondents "hue and cry," that I consider his attempt to defend Mr. Townroe even worse than his friend's silence. He misses the "point " of my criticism. I will explain. When I read Mr. B. S. Townroe's letter in the "Daily Dispatch," I thought that not only had an injustice been done to the band, but that, in its crude state, it was likely to deceive the readers so I pointed out what I considered to be a very serious omission. At that I was prepared to leave it, until I found that the blunder was repeated in the official organ of the National Service League. There can be no doubt. I think, in the minds of ordinary folk, that Croefield's Band was the reason for such a crowded hall. and I have no hesita- tion in saying that there would have been no necessity for an " overflow" meeting if the band had not been advertised to play. Now, why should the League credit itself with all "this enthusiasm "? What has Captain Crosfield to say about it He thinks my correction " puerile," and likens me unto "Nero fiddling while Rome was burning." I doubt very much whether it is " puerile " to correct a mis- leading statement; and for the life of me I never dreamt things were so serious as he states. There must be no more acting of League plays, no more lantern lectures, garden parties, and "At Homes." There must be no more "fiddling." Bring out the rifles and the uniforms; put away the fiddle, and teach us to blow the beautiful musical bugle! Captain Crosfield has something to say about the "omission " in the report con- tained in the, " Nation in Arms." He says: " I am delighted to learn that you read that valuable journal, but may I remark that in reporting on those League meetings, which happen to be helped by means of music. it is unusual to refer to such and such a band as haring played, for the very good reason that space is limited, and accounts have to be cut down to a minimum." If that were true. I should consider it to be a very good answer. But, unfortunately, it is not; and I would advise Captain Crosfield to glance at the reports in his own copy of the " Nation in Arms." I think he will then withdraw the statement In the number for November, under " News From the Brandies," he will find that there is scarcely page from 580 to 001 without some acknow- leogment to those persons who have helped either in acting farces, rendering sonp, giving lantern lectures, and. I believe, for "fiddling." too. In fact, the "exception " is the rule. He will also find pleasing refer- ences and thanks for assistance on pages 502 and 507, to the Heacham Band, and to the Premier Cinque Ports Military Band. In future, let us hope that space may be found also for the champion brass band of Eng. la:mi.—Thanking you, yours truly. EDSIUND OSBORNE. Li and 22, Bold Street. Warrington, Nov. 24,1011 need

Mr. Parker and Industrial Efficiency.

- Sir,—Rtuming alongside the advance of working- class efforts for amelioration of their conditions there is without a doubt a great volume of thought evolving schemes for social bstterment by men not of the working class as that term is understood. There- fore it was with intereet I read Mr. Parker's article of your last issue and I may say I can hardly think that Mr. Parker believes that more efficiency means more wages for the worker. At swats I, as a worker, feel confident that after having seen the efficiency made in production under my very nose during the past 17; year., efficiency in production cannot be the workers' El Dorado. If there is one thing the worker dreads it is more efficiency in production. which weans the discharg- ing of men from their employment. Undoubtedly Mr. Parker has shown some of his capitalist friends a source that has not as yet been thoroughly tapped. Aa much as the workingman himself tries to believe it, he is not altogether a mere animal to be used by other prople for mere manual labour. There are great improvements which could be suggested

===== 0002601_19111125_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Zlxarain,

ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

" Trilby."

The new version of "Trilby," which Mr. Henry Renouf presents at the Royal Court Theatre this week, is notable for its concession to the porular desire for ' a 'happy ending" of all plays. The lines of George ' du Manner's famous novel are pretty closely adhered. to until the closing stages when, having come to the conclusion that one death in a play is sufficient, Mr Renouf makes Trilby awl little Billy live happily ever after, the curtain coming down to "The Wedding March" ends peal of bells. Some songs and liaht comedy—all in the atmosphere of the Bohemia of Paris at the data of the play—are also introduced, but in such a skilful and appropriate way that there is no suggestion of a vat iety show. Tbe play pi esents • curious blending of tha weird, thrilling and humorous, and the various stages of the fascinating atm y are followed with the keenest interest and appreciation by the audience. Mr. Renouf gives an exceedingly clever and powerful study of Svengali, the musician and hypnotist. Be succeeds In making this uncanny character a living reality, and never gives the impression that he is merely acting a part. It is indeed a masterly and intensely vivid niece of characterisation. Miss Norah Vaughan, as Trilby, shares the honours. She, too, invests her portrayal with remarkable realism, her acting when under the mesmeric spell of Svengali having that eetie, mysterious effect which thoroughly accords with the atmosphere of the piece. The various subsidiary parts are in capable hands, and the production in every respect reaches a high standard of merit. The orchestra, under Mr. Boothroyd'a conductorship, gives a capital p °gramme, a mu+ appreciated feature being a cornet solo Ave Maria" (Gounod), by Mr J Rimmer.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

"THE PRINCE AND THE BEGGAR MAID." An outstanding production will be presented at the Couit Theatre next week. From the beginning of the first to the dramatic and happy final eurtain,the drama mows with enthralling inttreEt. Those who have witnessed Mr. Walter Howard's "Midnight Wedding" and "Her Love against the World " will agree that the author has surpassed even those successful works in " The Prince and the Beggar Maid." The following wJek Mks Emma and Mr. Percy Hutchison's company will present " Brewster's Millions."

===== 0002601_19111125_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Workingmen's Mission.

On Thursday a grand s vial and concert was given, under the auspices of the Women's Bible Class connected with the Workingiusn's Mission, Thewlis- street, and was presided over by Mr A Tilling. Sago , were tastefully rendered by Miss Schule (soprano), Miss L Plinston (contralto), Mr H Norse (base), and Mr Maskell (tenor), and were highly appreciated by a crowded audience. Mr A Webb creditably acquitted himself on the violin. The humorists of the evening were Mrs Barlow anu Mr C Nurse, who betwixt them caused all to indulge in hearty laughter. The accom- panists were Miss Plinston and Mr Johnson Barrett. During the interval refreshments were served, whilst musical select.ons were given.—At the close votes of thinks Wen proposed by Mrs Moores, seconded 1:t. Mrs ft ighy and carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
A DOCTOR'S DISCOVERY.

Sufferers from the .peinful affliction of piles will be glad to hear of the discovery of the new treatment by Dr. Setterie. By means cf Dr. Secterie's Pile Cones sufferers are now enabled to treat and cure themselves In the privacy of their own homes. The hundreds of I testimonial. that have been received prove beyond doubt that Dr. Setterie's Cones do all that is claimed for them, the pain and disminfiirt disappear from the first and in • short time the Cones effect • permanent and positive cure, • splendid feature of the treatment is that no surgical operation is needed. The distri- butors are The British Pharmacal Co.. Bexhill, from whom Dr. Setterie'a Cones may be obtained.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
DRUIDS HONOURED.

THE DOCTORS AND THE INSURANCE BILL

"Exorbitant Demands ''

For the dual purpose of cornmernoral ing the Corona- tion of King George V., and honouring two of their most esteemed officials, the members of the Widow and Orphans' Fund in connection with the Order of Druids (Warrington District) held a dinner and social at Atkinson's Cafe on Thursday evening. In recognition of their long nervieres as trustees of the fund, P.D.0.31. Bro Wm Bibby and P.D.O.M. Bro Samuel Hankey were the recipients pf handsome presents—a purse of gold for Bro. Bibby and a purse of gold, signet ring and gold medallion of the Order (enitably inscribed) for Bro. Hankey. About seventy-five members sat down to dinner, the catering of Mrs. Atkinson giving every satisfaction. P D.O.M. John Bibby presided, and amongst others present were :—Mr F Roberts (solicitor to the Fund) ; vice-president, D.G.M. Bro U T Rushton; trustees, P.D.G.M. Bro William Bibby, P.D.G.51. Bro S Ilankey and D.T. Bro Robert Perdue; secretary, P.A. Bro Robert Lees • D.C.S. Bro. E. Allen; P.D.G.9l.'s James Wilcock, S Caldwell, John I Woods, E Pointon, S Packer and T Derbyshire. , The CHAIRMAN spoke at some length on the I Insurance Bill, with special reference to the conference of doctors of Lancashire and Cheshire held in Man- chester last Saturday. He expressed surprise that the doctors should have tarn it into their heads to threaten to boycott the Bill if they did not receive the treatment which they expected. The doctors were entitled to fair remuneration for their services to friendly society members or anybody else' but their demands were far too excessive—and infect be did not think they had thoroughly grasped the magnitude of what they were asking for. As far as friendly societies were concerned, the threatened boycott was nothing new but took them back to the experience of thirt or forty 3ears ago. The doctors not only wanted to claim their own price bat to have a fair control of nearly all the committees which would have to govern the treatment of the insured patients and also to have another committee which would be a combination of doctors. They were taking their stand directly against friendly societies and it could only he assumed that in wanting that committee they intended to do something which friendly society members would certainly not have. (Applause.) With regard to remuneration, the Bill fixed it at 6a. per head per year, whiola, to his mind, was exorbitant. The friendly societies' Medical Association in Warrington—sod there were a hundred of them in the country—had done exactly what Mr. Lloyd-George promised to do under his Bill. The cost in Warrington had been 3s. 6d.per heed per year, and the patients had received the best of medicines dispense i by an independent person. When the friendly societies of Warrington had made their asscciation such a success at 33. 6d. per head, it was fallacious for the Government to attempt to give the doctors even 6s. per head. But the doctors were an satisfied with that amount ; one of them went so for ns to say they wanted 10s. per head. , If in Warrington 20,000 members were insured on the , Government's terms, there would be £6,000 to divide I among the doctors who cared to go on the panel for that purpose. If those doctors numbered a dozen, it would mean £5OO each, and the number of members for which each doctor would Inc responsible would be about 1,100. Assuming there were twenty-four doctors willing to serve, the amount would be £230 each. How many doctors were there in this town with an average guaranteed income of £5OO a year ? The Cs. per member was more than ample. If the doctors received Is. per member they would be adequately paid for the services they rendered to the State and to the insured persons. The fact that the doctors would have the entry to no many homes' through the operation of the Bill, would also help to improve their private practice. He thought the medical men ought to treat the matter in a more broad-minded way. They appeared to be trying to get so much an they posaibly could ont of the Bill. The friendly societies would have to administer the funds exit it was only right that they should have a say as to how much should be paid. Unless the doctors adopted a more conciliatory attitude, the friendly societies would also get their backs up (Applause.) Mr. F. R. ROBERTS, in a very happy and humorous speech, proposed the toast "The Widow and Orphans' Fund." He said the health of the fund was about as good as it could be end nothing short of a revolution could make it anything else. He spoke in glowing terms of the work of Bros. Bibby and liankey who, he said, had always worked with a single eye to the Interests of the Society. lie never thought of Bro. Bibby without thinking of Rudyard Kipling's lines about Lord Roberts : He's little but he's wise, He's a terror for his Sin" with this difference with regard to Bro. Bibby : He's big but very wise, With a heart proportioned to his size. (Laughter and applause). Bro. it. LEE responded and gave some remarkable figures of the progress of the fund from 1863, when the , income amounted to £1 18s. 3d., to the end of last year ' when the funds in hand totalled £986. Numerous grants had teen made and to-day their balance was sufficient to pay all liabilities twice over. (Applause.) The presentation to tiro. William Bibby was made by Bro. S. Caldwell and that to Bro. S. Hankey by Bro. Wilcock, both spea'sing in high terms of the gratuitous services rendered for many years by the recipients. Bro. BIBBY, in responding, mid he bad been proud to work not for pay, but for honour. Had his pay been huge, however, he could not have given deeper thoueht or better advice than he had given for nothing. The fond was formed in 1857 and a remarkable fact was that the member who was appointed treasurer at the first meeting had continued to dis- charge the duties until the present day. (Applause.) On looking through the old records he (the speaker) found his own name came second on the list of the committee. (Applause.) Bro. Bibby then traced his connection with the fond and pointed out that the sound financial position built up was due, in the first place, to the investment of money received for the hire of crockery. He claimed that the fund was second to none In any friendly society. (Applause.) At one time the fund was even ahead of the Government of the day, for in 1888 the committee passed a resolution that on the death of a member the fund would be responsible for the education of his children. (Applause). Bro. lIANKEY also reponded and said he had been • member of the Druids society fifty-three years, having , been initiated in the room where those proceedings were taking place. Bro. E. ALLEN in proposing the " Order of the Druids," said that at the present time they were very much excited as to what the Insurance Bill was going to do for them, vast changes would undoubtedly take place in their societies, as the result of that measure. So far as the principle went, they welcomed it, hut beyond that they could not at present go There would be large additions to their membership but the extent of the increase would depend largely upon their own exertions. Fortunately, the Widow and Orphans would not come under the scheme and lain the past, is would ,be self-governing and eelf-supporting. (Applause). Bro. R. PERDUE responded. , An excellent musical programme was submitted, opening with a pianoforte and concertina duet by Messrs: A, Trow and S. Aukland. Songs were given by 'Messrs. L. Ankland, W. H. Dutton and W Booth, and humorous sketches and concertina selections by Mr. S. Aukland. Mr. A. Trow wan the accompanist. A vote of thanks was passed to the artistes, on the proposition of BM. G. T. liustiTos.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL FATALITIES.

Two Children Burned to Death.

Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner, conducted three inquests at the Police Station, yesterday at ternoon. Two of the deaths were of young children who had succumbed to terrible burns. The first inquiry was relative to the death of Annie More, the six year old daughter of Henry and Mary Moss, of 82, Norris-street. On Toes Jay afternoon the deceased asked her mother to allow her to play with the children in the next door neighbour's house. The mother took her in the house, and left her pla3ing with the two children. She had only been away about five minutes when she heard screams at the back of the house. On going into the yard she saw her daughter with her clothing in flames. A neighbour came on the scene and put out the fire with a rug. Deceased was afterwards conveyed to the Infirmary where she died the following morning. Before her death the child told her mother that else was getting off a chair when she slipped and fell into the fire. In reply to the Coroner the mother stated that the neighbour was away at the time and the children were left is the house. Witness had undertaken to look after the children whilst she was away. There was no fireguard. A verdict of" Accidental Death" Was retuned. The secoed inquiry was in reference to the death of Harold Holmes, aged 5, residing with his pnents at 9, Welltleld-street. It appears that on the truth of this , month the mother was engaged in cleaning the hearth and for that pare as she removed the fire guard. The , deceased was playing in the kitchen. Whilst the mother was taking the ashes into the yard she heard screams and on going into the kitchen found the deceased with his clothing on fire. His right arm and the right side of the face were slightly trJrned. Dr. Naden weir:ailed in and attended deceased until death which took place on Thursday night. A sardine of 0 Accidental death" was returned. With regard to the inquiry Into the circumstances of the death of William rnsdley, of 117, Mood-lane, Sankey, who died in the Workhouse Hospital 'a Thurs- day from blood poisoning, the Coroner pointed oat that • the proceedinp would have to be adjourned. Whilst is the hospital the deceased told Dr. Taylor that he met with an accident on Novensber 17th caused by some timber falling on his arm at the farm of Mr. Warburton, Bewsey, where he Was employed as a labourer. The inquest was adjourned until Tuesday.

===== 0002601_19111125_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUSICAL SOCIETY S CONCERT

IN PARR HALL

It happened—no doubt in quite an unhfieseen way—that the prevailing note of the Musical Society". concert on Wednesday was a somewhat gloomy one, Elgar's " Black Knight," which took up a consider- able portion of the programme is, in the nature of things, not altogether an inspiriting work, and the rather mournful chorus " By Babylon's wave" of Gounod, and the depressing sentiment of several songs gave the evening's music a tinge of sadness which was not censored by either the sparkling " Rosamunde " overture, or the lively strains of the Grieg piano concerto. Nevertheless the concert was, in many respects, an interesting one, and some praiseworthy work done by the in ciety'a members is of good augury for the season just opening. In "The Black Knight" one listens to Elgar as to a p-ophecy. For in it is foreshadowed much of that mystical tone-painting that is so strongly characteristic of his later and vastly more important works. It is not surprising t .at Long- fellow's translation of "Per Schwartz° flitter" commended itself to Elgar for musical setting. Its subject-matter is curiously contrasted in the gaiety of the story's opening and theextreme sadness of its close, while some of the sitnations depicted are weird almost to the point of gruesomeness. And that Elgar found in "The Black Knight " a congenial theme is shown by his luminous music and his artistic elabora- tion of tone-colour in delineating its ever-changing moods. Here, too, one cleinly discerns the promise of the Elgar of a later end maturer stage—the Eiger, in fact, whose strong personality has had an unmistake- able influence in the development and the fostering of modern ideas in the realm of music. The choral singing was at times go distinctly massive and altogether adequate that one could almost forget that the society yet suffers seriously from the lack of proper balance in the different sections of the voices. Good ensemble singing br right about a most effective rendering of "By Babylon's wave" in which a mingle noticeable blemish wan the want of a smart alt .oh at the very onset. Much might also be said in apprecia- tion of the conscientious and intelligent interpretation by members of the vocal parts of the cantata. Being entirely choral an adequate and moving performance of a dramatic work such as this depends largely up a the joint and separate singing of each and every division, and from this responsible position members emerged with infinite credit. The only serious and the only regrettable lapse was largely in the nature of an accident, but it unfortunate'y marred the very c.ntre of interest in the vocal portions of the work. We allude to the fall in pitch in course of the lovely passages of unaccompanied and subdued part-singing towards the end of the last scene. The part borne by the society's supplemented orchestra in the cantata 'redounded greatly to its credit and, as " The Black Knight "is described by its composer as a symphony for chorus and orchestra, it will be gathered that the share in its performance devolving upon instrumental members, is a very onerous one. There were of course here, as in the Crier; concerto, some obscurities, an occanicnal lack of brilliance in rapid passages for the violins, and a few weak and faulty entries of sonic of the parts, but on the other hand, is clear regard for the effect as a whole of both the cantata and the concerto was almost always strewn by the baridanien in duly restraining the volume of term, and an ell- round amenability to Mr Crossley' /o,eso was often apparent which contributed le.rgely to successful performances of both works. The outstanding feature of the concert was lingoes- fonably the Grieg pianoforte concerto, in the perform- ance of which a young Warringtonian, Mr. T. W. Pearce (a student at the Manchester College of Music) made his debut. Mr. Pearce is to be warmly Con- gratulated upon a finished and lucid interpretation of the solo part of this delightful work, and upon a technique in which refinement and deEcary of touch allied to a soulful rather than • robust style, are marked characteristics. Thrice recalled, Mr. Pearce at length responded to the audience's demands with • charming rendering of Brahma' Hunararian Dance in F. Later in the evening. Mr. Pearce won further favours by his artistic playing of Chopin's F major Etude and Weber's " Moto perpetuo." Mica Violet Elliott, the solo vocalist of the evening, possesses a mezzo soprano voice of much sweetness and of great range. But her temperament hardly enables her to bring rot to the full the dramatic possibilities of the ojeratic recitative rend aria "0 my heart is weary." Nor did Miss Elliott appear to be entirely happy, nor at for best, in the coupled songs "The beat of a pnisionate heart' (M. Phi/flies) and "Life's blessing (P. Fletcher' which quite possibly is elplained by the fact the these songs are neither of them of absorbing interest Yet at length, in the encore song "A little ailve ring" (Chaminade), Miss Elliott hit upon • them' with which she showed herself M entire sympathy interpreting the spirit and sentiment of this charmini song most artistically to the huge delight of all win heard her. DEATH.

BIVIEY.—On the lflth :November, in her 52ad year Margaret Aug, daughter of the late ism. an M aaaaaaa Bayley. Interred at Warrington Cemetery on the 3rd.

Wlllllllllo7ol.—Pvimed mei Pawl billed by JoHN WALL Co. (Warrington), Ltd., at The gamines Genera Printing Works, Itowasy-strant, and published b: I them at the same place, and alio at 2, The ri,-saining ()Mona, Victoria-road, Moats. 3, Geonge-atren ST. HELENS. S. Market-at rabt, E•RtarilOW3 Oinrcb-street, Ruscoßs. NOVEMBER 25 1911.

sommiNlMlll

===== 0002601_19111125_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
(Lemon, Orange and Citron) in lb. and Ilb boxes now ready. OBTAINED FROM ALL UROCERS.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH' WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 26rii. Morning 10.30. JOHN UPSON. Evening 6.30. REV. H. WILLIAMSON B.A. AU salaams. Hymn Books provided. BAPTIST CHURCH, LAT CH FORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 2616 Par.Acitza : REV. J. S. CHEDBURN. Morning 10 30. Evening 6.0. OFFERTORIES. BE W SEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NOVEMBER 26Tti, 1911. Mouxmo 10,30: REV. R. C. HUTCHINSON. EVENING 6.30: REV. W. A. BECKET l'. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided. INTARRLNGTON SOCIALIST SOCIETY.— SOCIALIST HALL, WILDERSPOOL RD. 10-MORROW (SUNDAY) 7.30 P.M. FPEAKER : J. FINNIGAN, Liverpool. DON'T MISS 11tH! ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). NOVEMBER 26TH, 1911 PREACHER: REV. WILLIAM REID. 10.45 sad. : "The Stone of Honour and of Shame." 630 P.M. : " ImmortalitY. " APTIST CHURCH, COLBORNE STREET. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 211111. PREACHER : REV. H. OGDEN. . Morning 10.45 : " Religious Snobbery. " Evening 6.90 : " Tripolitan Atrocities." Wednesday at 8 p.m. WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 26m, 1911. Morning 10.30. Ermine 6 30. PREACHER : REV. JOHN YONGE. P.S.A. FOR MEN 3 P.M. THE NEW CHURCH.—CONVERSATIONAL 1. READING MEETINGS Ace HELD EVERY MONDAY AT 8 r U. AT ATKINSON'S CAFE, 81, BRIDGE STREET. MONDAY NEXT, 27TH NOVEMBER, LEADER: REV. W. H. CLAXTON. MEETINGS FREE. ENQUIRY WELCOMED. All heartily invited. TNTERNATIONAL BIBLE STUDENTS ASSOCIATION, WATCH TOWER ROOMS, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. Two Bible Lectures swill (Dv) be given in Use above rooms by MR. JA MES WILSON, of London Tabernacle this (Saturday) Evening, November 25th, at 7.30 p.m. Subject: Is the Soul Immortal ?" and to-morrow (Sunday) Evening, November 26th at 6.30. Subject: " The day of judgement, its happy termination," A cordial welcome given to all interested in these subjects. All seats free. No collections. Hymn books provided. ST. MARY'S. WARRINGTON, NOV. 26m RE-OPENING OF ORGAN. SPECIAL MUSIC AND SERMONS. HIGH MASS 11 A.M. EVENING SERVICE 610 Recital after Evenirg Service. PREACHER : F. BEDS, 0.F.61., of Liverpool, j ORGANIST : MR. WALTER WALLINGTON. TICKETS le. 60., Is. AND 60. ADGATE WESLEYAN CHURCH.— CHOIR ANNIVERSARY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 26m, 1911. PREACHERS : REV. E. MORGAN, AT 10.30 A.M. REV. J. GUNNELL. AT 6 P.M. SPECIAL MUSIC BY THE CHOIR AT BOTH SERVICES. SoLoisTs : MISS ADA ARMSTRONG, MISS MARION APPLETON. MISS JESSIE WARD. COLLECTIONS FOR CHOIR FUNDS. ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. Piton:lrmo : Mx. JOSEPH BEECHAM. G/OHIRAL MANAGER: Mn. A. U. LOADER. ACTING MANAGER: MR. H. WARBURTON. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 27m, 1911, AND FIVE FoLLOWING NIGHTS, Welcome Return Visit of ALFRED PAC MIER sod WALTER HOWARD'S No. 1 Company in the Romantic Play THE PRINCE AND THE BEGGAR MAID. THE PRINCE AND THE BEGGAR MAID. Time end Prices as usual. Seats may be booked in advance for all parts of the house excepting the Pit and Gallery. Next Week :—" BREWSTERS' MILLIONS."

PALACE AND HIPPODItOME. 70.—TWICE NIGHTLY-11A MONDAY, NOVEMBER 27nr. FAMOUS BOUNCING DILLONS, COMEDY GYMNASTS. ARNOLD RICHARDSON, IN COMEDY SKETCH. THE HIPPODROME PERFECTION PICTURES. WALTER READ, in a Refined Banjo Act. THE FORESTIERS, in a Dramatic Playlet. WILL BEANLAND, l'extraordinaire Dame. .lACKLEY AND LE SINE, Comedians. MABEL OSBORNE, Vocalist and Comedienne. DOUGHTY AND LANEY, IN THEIR LATEST COMEDY SUCCESS. Gallery, 2d.; Pit, 4d.; Grand Circle, 6d.; Stalls, Is.

FURS FURS! SEE SPECIAL WINDOW DISPLAY TO-DAY, OF FIJI: TIES, MUFFS, COATS, AND HATS. W. HODGKINSON, _LTD., BRZLNWPIT'

PICTUREDROME. SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. Telephone No. 346. The Management beg to announce that °wand after MONDAY, NOV. 27TH, (the Anniversary of the Opening of the Picturedrome), there will be MATINEES as usual EVERY AFTERNOON at 3.0 and CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCES EVERY EVENINO FROM 6 w M TO 10 30 P.M. Patrons entering the Theatre AT ANY TIME from 6 p.m. to 9. p.m. may be certain of witnessing • FULL PROGRAMME ; the LAST SERIES commencing about 9 o'clock. PRICES AS USUAL. At Every Performance during NEXT WEEK the Thrilling and Sensational Drama, of soul-absorbing interest "THE GREAT MOMENT" Depicted in three ants and 82.0.5.5, and which takes NEARLY AN HOUR TO SHOW ; the lire scene being a marvel of sensationalism. The management of the Picturedrome hold exclusive I load rights for this Mtn. HAIRCOMBINGS made up per es. COVERLET TR TAILS OF .1 FROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE Paola 3[6 EACH. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL. MHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is _L prepared to receive loons, either at six months notice or for a term of rem—Application to be mode to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Mniatelpal Officee, Warrington.

PHOTOGRAPHS FOR CHRISTMAS. PHOTOGRAPHIC POST CARDS from 2 - DOZEN. As shown in our Show Case, Bridge Street Post Cards can be finished as Greeting Cards at a slight extra charge Any style of photograph at Special Competitive prices. J. PARKINSON Photographer, 9 EGYPT ST., WARRINGTON

E. E. SLADER BEGS TO ANNOUNCE HE HAS OPENED 19, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, AS A HIGH-CLASS LADIES' TAILORING ESTABLISHMENT. COSTUMES MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM 2 GUINEAS AFTERNOON COSTUMES, MOTOR COATS, BLOUSES, UNDERSKIRTS AND TWEED HATS

H DAWSON, Teacher of Music.—Schools • visited, .special course for School Teachers, Elementary and Advanced, Sight Singing, Ear Training, Tonic Sotto, Solo Singling. Pupils prepared for A.R.C.M. and L.R.A.M. In Pianoforte Playing. Recent SOCCOSAL ORGAN RECITAL, BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, DECEMBER 9nr. BY WILFRID SANDERSON, Esq., Mlle. Bac., F.R.C.0., L.R.A.M, (Organist of Doncaster Parish Church). NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that • General SESSION of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster will be holden at the County Sessions House, Islington, Liverpool, on TUESDAY the 12th jay of December peat, at half-past ten o'clock in the ' forenoon precisely. The Solicitors engaged in prosecutions at the said I Sessions are requested to take notice that all instructions or indictments and depositions are required to be sent to the Clerk of the Peace a Office seven days ot least before the said Session. HARCOURT E. CLARE, Clerk of the Peace. Clerk of the Peace's Office, Preston. lith November, 1911.

These Stoves burn all day without attention and are Invaluable for Private or Public Rooms. THE BEST AND MOST ARTISTIC STOVES, on Show at pENDLEBuRy,s HOUSE FURNISHERS Near CENTRAL STATION. TEL. 43. Write for descriptive Booklet. Anthracite washed Nuts kept in stock

WARRING TOI jURNSIEON.—PROBATIONER Applications are invited from Single Women, or , Widow., for the appointment of Probationer Nurse at the Union Infirmary. Salary first year £9, second year £l2, third year £l5, together with Apartments, Rations, Washing, Indoor Uniform and Medical Attendance in sickness whilst in the Hospital. Forms of application can be obtained from the under- signed, and the application forms must be filled up in the candidate's own writing, and returned to me not later than 10 a.m. on Friday, the lot December, 1911. By Order ARTHUR BOTTOMLEY, Clerk. , Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, 220 d November, 1911. MERSEY DOCKS AND HARBOUR BOARD RATES ON SHIPS AND GOODS. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on and from the let of December next, the following alterations will come into force, viz. :- 1. An increase of Ten per cent. upon the amounts at present charged for the following Rates, viz. (i) UPON SHIPS. (a) Dock Tonnage Rates. (b) Wharf Rates. (ii) UPON GOODS. (a) Dock Rates and Town Dues (Ten per cent, on the amount of the combined Rate) Foreign. (b) Town Dues Coastwise. 2. HARBOUR RATF.S.—The allowance of Twenty-five per cent. at present made will be discontinued. 3. DIFFERENTIAL RATES ON GOODS.—AII Foreign Goods imported from Foreign Ports and exported to Coastwise Ports and conveyed direct from the Import Quay to Vessels for Coastwise Ports, will be charged with one-half of the full Inward Foreign Dock Rates and Town Dues applicable thereto. By order of the Board, MILES KIRK BURTON, General Manager and Secretary. Dock Office, Liverpool, November 16th, 1911. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. The old and tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA. REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The original MD be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to secept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME; Is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 64. the prices DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. HERBERT GRAHAM. ESTATE ADMIT, CANADA CHAMBERS, 351 BROWN STREET, MANCHESTER Strictly private cash advance. arranged on Promissory Note to all persons worthy of credit, in amounts from £2O upward. Bills of Exchange and post-dated cheques discounted from 5 per cent. Ladies and Gentlemen entitled to money under Wills, Deeds and Reversions can have immediate advances from 4 per cent, per annum. Mortgagee arranged on good class property. No Loan Office formalities. All Communications strictly private. Personal attention to all enquiries.

,-- -4 ~. -... ;',..:' _/". .-• ••'"?'• . • • - ----- - . • '?..-4.U5.,....,,k3-.•::`. "1411"1"411"illik " MISTLETOE" Drawing Room Stove.

Telephone 581. Established 1878. JAMES CRITCHLEY PRACTICAL HIGH-CLASS TAILOR, 45, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. to ttIlli01111(T to his patrons that lie is now show jog THE SEASON'S GOODS in Dress-suitings, Overcoatings, Suitings and Costume Cloths.

BRITISH WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION. GRAND OPERETTA, kIRO-STREET SCHOOLROOM, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 29TH, AT 7.45. By members of Workingmen's Minims, MISS TRUDA CROSFIELD will preside. ADMISSION: IL, 6d., sd. USUAL MONTHLY MEETING DECEMBER Evil WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH WARRINGTON. A SALE OF WORK In aid of the Church Funds will be held in WYCLIFFE MEMORIAL HALL (Edgeworth St.), ON THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 39Tw, 1911. The Sale will be Opened by MRS. ARTHUR H. CROSFIELD At 3 O'clock. PRICES OF ADMISSION :-3 to 6 o'clock, 6d.; after 6,3 d. The Stalls will comprise NEEDLEWORK, PLANTS and FLOWERS and HOUSEHOLD ARTICLES of varied descriptions. REFRESHMENTS, TEAS and SUPPERS will te provided. MUSICAL PROGRAMME During the Eveniag. As Earnest Appeal is made for Sopßort.

_ AT ESLEY BALL. PADGATE.—THURSDAY, IV NOVEMBER 30m. The Second of the series of ENTERTAINMENTS will be given on the above date, when MR. CHARLES D. LAW will give his Popular Recital : "A CHRISTMAS CAROL" (Giants). The Recital will be proceeded by • HALF-HOUR CONCERT, when the following artistes will appear MISS SARA SILMCE, MRS. COTTRILL, 6111. LEVI RICHARDSON, MR. W. DUTTON. Accom- panist : MR. E. WICKES (Organist of St. Paul's Church.Warriogton). To commence at 7.30 p 9. prompt. ADMISSION .• Is. fel., Is., and 6d. The above series lobe continued as follows : FEB. 15th, MR. JOHN DUNBURY'S RECITAL "JEAN VAUBAN "(Hugo). MAR. 70, THE "FISK " JUBILEE TRIO. APRIL 11th, GRAND FINALE CONCERT. Season Tickets to include the above Recital, is., 3.a., Is. 9d. PROCEEDS IN AID OF THE SUNDAY SCHOOL. MR. G. PROFFIIT, _196, Padpte Lane. Son. Secretary: INT ARRIN GT ON PEOPLE'S' COLLEGE ANNUAL CONCERT IN PARR HALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER lent, 1911. MISCELLANEOUS FROG RAM ME. SONGS, NATIONAL. HUMOROUS, PATRIOTIC. HUMOROUS CANTATA, " Tbe Waits at Bremen." CHORUS OF 350 VOICES. Organist and Conductor: Mr. W. H.PAYTON,AIneItsc, PRICES READMIS•ION —Reserved Chafroßody 011811 and Centre Gallery,2s.: Reserved Seats Body of Hall and Side Gallery, Is. 6d.; Conserved Seats Bod• of Hall and Side Gallery, ls. ; Back Seats Body of Hall and Back Gallery, lid. Plan of Reserved Seats at R. H. Passion's, Bridge St.) will be opened Wednesday, November 2911,5 t 9 a.m. Unreseaved tickets may be obtained from the Teochers and Scholars. Scholars Half-Price to all parts. Doors opened to ticket-holders at 6.30 p m., to non-ticket holders at 7 p.m. Concert to begin at 7.30 p.m. prompt.

A warded Gold Medal Festival of Empire Bab ibition, 1911 REAL IRISH LINENS at Manufacturers prices. USEFUL AND DAINTY CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. ALL Linen Irish Bleached Damask Tablecloths LS. (nominal sizes) 2 x 2 yards 3s. 9d. each, 2a 2) yards 4s. 10d. each. Fine Irish Linen Hemstitched , Openwork and Embroidered Afternoon Tea Cloths, 32 32i0 2s. 9d. each, 36 a 36in., 3a. 3d. each. Exquisite Embroidered Hand-drawn Afternoon Tea Cloths 49. 9d. and 20s. each. Ladies Superior Real Irish Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs 3s. Pd. dozen. Ladies' Fine Irish Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, beautifully embroidered, 6s. 9d. per dozen. Gent's fine qtmlity Hemstitched Irish Linen Handkerchiefs, 3s. MI. and 78. Id. per dozen. Hemstitched Linen Huck Bedroom Towela, 18 a 36in., 7s. 6d, per dozen, 21 a 34iin., Bs. 9d. per dozen. All orders carriage paid in United Kingdom. Illustrated price lists post free -F. B. LICK Y & CO., LTD I 'nen Nannfactnrers 29 Bedford st., Belfast.

- . . .. ...•. . - ,•,..-.... .000sprAmp.... . :2- -•' .... .... , . , .-'• ' • •• '''.7•7 ..:.!... :' -1. • • .•-•....."::". .'`.... %'.. •• ' ' i•-.., ; .. . . •.:; :- • is i ... '; •• is what we supply -- whether Cheshire, G0r- ...-...., gonzola, Cheddar, or any other. It is not :.?• : ' ...*. sufficient that a customer gives us an order- we ..4. i ".•. wish to please. We want to keep our patrons. -.-. • Therefore we see that they get the best at the price, .'.."',. ';':. • ; -*" • not only in cheeses but in everything else in ... .. v of groceries. The housewife buys and makes the - -• best of what she has bought with good cooking. But ~. • . we are responsible for her getting the pure article. ...... ' .- ' • The retail buyer cannot be expected to distinguish -".:.:,-f. ' r :.. between the adulterated and the pure article. o .at • "i:. . ..-.. But the seller knows. We supply the pure article -.• , ... . all the time. We don't want big profits from ...:;• 1 • -c ..... adulterated food. We want your continued custom. •••• .-• • ... And we make it our business to hold our customers • in this way. ..t.V.. • ::;:- ' :-. '.• . f , , Wm. OWEN & SON, , FAMILY GROCERS, ii•P i'. " -.. • :7,'ai. ' -.......:.• 15 Sankey St., Warrington. ••;,,,...

A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS FREE. FREE. FREE. PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT,I TO ALL USERS OF A GENUINE EDISON PHONOGRAPH FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL 99 A Most Useful Article wilt be sent post free on receipt BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, of • yd. postcard, giving type of Machine—Gem, Standard, or Home—and Special Number of Machine, to DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. Red or Salt-glazed Finish, 13a. 6d. Prices Quoted JAKE GRAHAM, for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on Application. 75-70 A, RENSHAW ST.. LIVERPOOL.

REAL WITNEY BLANKETS. SUMMER dried it the Mills. Boy from the PREMIER WITNEY BLANKET AND RUG PACrORS. Single bed Main from se. 9d. pair Double bed sizes from 101. (M. pair. Pull lis t of qualities up to 455. per pair on receipt of postcar d.— Um cs AND WORKS : 82, CO FtN ST., MUM, oio n.

T 0 FLORIST S.—CHRYSANTHEMUMS. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL ALL COLOURS. 20,000 CROWN. For quality, quantity and pric e try a sample box, 1/0 and 3/-, cash with order, or send for price list. J. N. HARVEY, TIIE FRENCH GARDENS, EVESITAII.

XMAS GIFTS Trouser Presses, J. E. WHITE, Umbrellas, Belts, Bags, FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. Gloves, Mufflers, &c. &c. 22, Sankey Street.

F. HALLETT 107 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. Over nine years with Eustance and Miller & Co. Dainty and Useful Articles in Jewellery and Silverware. XMAS GIFTS WATCH WRISTLETS. Choice selection in Gun Metal, Silver and Gold. Every watch guaranteed. Private Room for the fitting of Engagement and Wedding Rings.

SOB WIDNES. STEPHEN MOSS & 00/03 LIMITED VI, El, 110, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. SHORING AND GENERAL SMITHS, A DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURALIMPLEMENTS, -CV MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all STEAM, GAS,I OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIRE Reepeotablellouseholders, on their own security, with- mit delay, on our simple written promise to pay book, AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, du. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. WORK: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON JOHN E. GOODWIN, MANAGER.

4.1 ~Iv',.,.tvii.:4\B.ll4:titi t: JOHN AND HIS UMBRELLA.-No. 2. 40, John was an ardent i '-'ir'' 1.., ‘‘ 1 aviator, but his friends never could understand 7-------,:., t why he always took his favourite Umbrella 1 with him. John, know- 14\ ing soul, kept his secret \ dark, till one day a s• _7 "A d :, !-- ' / - - -0\ f , fa\vvo terrific rending sound was heard, and John's machine fell like a stone to the earth. His friends rushed to the wreckage expecting to find John buried beneath it. But a few ' 0 moments later, John alighted gracefully •,, .:i, with his ) Wilson's - , 'll' Umbrella. , • . ( ) /- ,f-5 We sell these Umbrellas si4YP at ,t• 4tie with all the latest s.' r • i ‘---,* - , , -- e , P. improvements from Why John took his Umbrella with him. J. WILSON ft GO • p Umbrellis: E erts, 48 Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

MRS. WALSH, Ladies' and Children's Outfitter, is now showing Viyella, Alpine & Tor Underwear for Ladies & Children Worranted Unshrinkable., Corsets to suit all figures. 50 8c 52, SI:CNKEY STREET, WP:RRINGTON.

1 GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 50., 100., AND 18. BD. EACH. WHOLISALD BY J. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON

1.1.11 t ALL fIIAF IS NEW IN ART NEEDLEWORK 00 TO JONES AND BARBOUR, LADIES AND CHILDREN'S OUTFITTERS, AOLNTS FOR" CHILPRUFE " UNDIRWLA IL 36, SANKEY ST., IVAKRINGTON.

Tel. No. 123. ESTABLIULD 60 YEARS (in Warrington). Tel. No. 123. E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Giese Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save so per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight); Gunmetal, Copper, Alumlslam, Phosphor Bronze, Dams:lne, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildlags, Farmers Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, in. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all k ; rlcs of Nlachinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Esgines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, Oil Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Speciality Work. Drawings and exptrt advic• submitted frte. Hem Machining and Forging dose for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing op to 5 feet ware. Slotting up to IS-Inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shp' rng and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Hanging and Rivetting by bydraJilc presser.. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during NI Mitlllllllllllelt over SO years.

TANTHRTieITE STOVES. ECONOMICAL. CLEAN. ' CHEERFUL, PRICE from 376. INSPECTION INVITED. COMPETENT MEN FOR FIXING. J. S. GTIRLTIND, Ironmonger, 51, 53 & 55, Bridge Street, Warrington.

HOUSE FURNISHING. We bald the largest stock of • HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS in the North of England. AND SELL AT THE LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH. 34, to 40. LONDON-ROAD, HOTHAM-STREET R &m• 1 BRIDPORT-STREET. AND FRASER -STREET LIVERPOOL Illustrated Catalogue Post Free on application. Telegrams, "FURNISHING." Telephone 1214 Roy

HIGH GRADE TAILORING ON EAST TERMS. 26 Deposit end 1,6 Weekly. 3 or 6 Months Credit if preferred. FIRST-CLASS CUTTERS EMPLOYED. 131,41FRT VARIETY. NEWEST DESIGNS. Ni, EXTRAS CHARGED, ABSOLUTELY BEST VALUE. Established 1885. All transactions strictly confidential. Thousands of original teetimonMht from delighted wearers can be ir specter] at our offices. Our Representative is in Warrington it District rlaily, and a Post Cant will bring him to your home with patterns. Do not hesitate, try us for that Suit or Overcoat you want Just now. Wr:te,call or 'phone 2990 City Hours Saturdays 0 to 2 LAWRENCE & CO., Smart City Tailors, first floor,, 72 MARKET STREET, MANCHESTER.

FASHIONABLE WEST END . BLOUSES . 1 b -y- makale -. ... ''. , VALLE ,1(1(1)•7 II ..crs I•elern.." MUM. •A ~ , • co. The) ore in a tulinilet, to iel at atneat mewl.. .1 . , • ~, tnret a' Wee,. and It It not el' 7 E7'''',e ll• fat Ouch dointy i r ...., •• n• . loon, elsewhe.c ..t '';' ' • r 1rAW.:7.114": " i... 4 . • ,1 ,I, ~,ftlitql, Smart ..1 I..ei..naea. l 0,.,0,." Navy. Reed, Saxe. ..". s,fts 150. 1+ ,1., ,4 4 6 . , .:•.e...,, l' , , . • .4. cc...lnv rent% A ,r 4/11 .'"..:'..„'i;.•.7.,4!.T.'ir".....:,';'. An tenet telutur.l ant gded • ‘%A \ 't . . a:; . . 1 , • _ ~,,,.. ...... ~.:.,,,,,,,... 4 ..., . 1t...11, fill Ilay -f 7.7.:tr.1.:::41',‘.:d. •!..,J .Nr41.4 s*,„:4—t,r,V..°rd.. U,•t:';',";! rin n ennov terin,”l..l It nut tho4viiell, cotelltd. 6 g EENWOOD BUTIERo_ro P. ZIO BOROUGM HIGH ST. -' LONDON 5.E.

Take Care of Yonr Skin and Complexion During the Winter. BEETHAMS a-rola This Dainty Toilet Preparation protects heckt against the effects of Front, Cold Winds, and hard Water, and prevents Roughness, Rednet... Irritation Chaps, etc. WILL KEEP THE SKIN IN A PERFECT CONDITION ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Renders the skin Soft and White, and adds a charm of youth to the complexion. Bottles Is.. 2s. 6d., of all Chemists and Store, M. BEETHAM & SON, Cheltenham.

FITS CURED AT HOME. Dreadful cakes have I ten cured by the " VARSO TREATMENT." No case is too bad to o lit to tiffs valuable vdre • the fits generally eeasa figs the f.rst. No Bromide of Potassium used. Sufferers should apply for full particulars to JAS. Q. MILLS. M.P.S , Chemist, PLATT BRIDGE, WIGAN. Sample sent for 3 stamps.

• Giarkels- , , Blood _ Mixture Ii Far gonna.'" Use blood ef all farparl- tact f rom ViIIIVOTC! ranee mixing, there ii 110 other raedlclot Met an root a• CLIME re 1. % :AO. MIST° me—thsis why in so mazy eau" "memo. Bad Loge. •lreceeree. Soda, beret cf all kind., Fhles, Cilandolar Serell.mgeh Blood Pomo]; Itheamattem, Gout, Ike., It bat effected tr4l2 rtmarkahle coma where a/11 tier treat- ment' are lolled. It trlll to Ur same foe yon OURES ALL SKIN Sc BLOOD DISEASES Of al Ilhooofts moo Norm t• pcm nettle.

THE EXAMINER Series OF WERK-IND 10:WSP•PERS COMPRISIS : TH E WARRINGTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The principal and the oldest weekly paper for War- rington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate Lymm, itc., being one of the largest and best weekly papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district covered t'us paper comprises a large trading and sgricultursl tract in South Lancashire and Mid- Cheshire. /111 HE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every IL Saturday morning. so ia the best weekly paper in Town and distriot, and offers the -oast wid cheapest acilities to advertisers. WITH WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. 19111 E EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER 9- published every. Saturday morning. The largest local paper containing the news of Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton, &c The district thus comprised is • most important part of the Lancashire coalfields. TIMM BT. HELENS EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning, circulating in St. Helena, Preseot, Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross, &c.—the centre of he glass, chemical and watch trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVEgTISEMENTS. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks Weeks. 16 ... 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 3s. 9d. 24 ... 9d. ... la. 10d. ... 38. Od. Ss. Od. 32 ... Is Od. 2s. ed. ... 4s. Od. ... 7s. Id. 40 ... Is. 3d. ... 9s. Id. ... 58. Od. In. 9d. 48 ... Is. 6d. ... 3s. ed. ... 6s. Od. „. 100. Od.

vi E al 1.0 73 il tah Ch. th

GOLDSMITHS SILVERSMITHS DIAMOND MERCHANTS

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Houses mph Funk's Private Hotel,so St Oeorge's rd.,Victoria IVA London, S.W. Moderate terms, good neighbour- hood; clean end oorof. ; bydmy or week ; ask for tariff. LON DON.—WILD'S First-class TEMPERANCE HOTELS, SO to 40, LUDO ATE HILL, B.C. Electric Lift. Central for Business or Pleasure. Also at 70 and 71, EUSTON SQUARE. Close te Euston, St. Pancras, and King's Cross Stations. Home Comforts, Cleanliness, and Quiet.

Domestic Servants, etc. APPY Home end good wages for conscientious, experienced GENERAL.—MISB SABERTON, St. Saviour's Vioarge, Recap. WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, about 20; good wmart.—Apply 1111. KERSHAW, Vavasour Hotel, Rdale. WANTED, Young GENERAL ; small family.— Apply New uoxst, Marlborough rd., „Blizton, Manchester

SOUTHPORT. II AYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT Br OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 04854 THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

WANTED, GENERAL superior £2O-22. Small family , no wasbing.—Mrs. Roscow, 713, Hoghton It., Southport. AN FED, K I TCHEN MAID shoot 20, for gentle- TVmao's house £lB-20.—Mr5. ROSCOW, 711, Hogliton st. Southport. WANTED a good GENERAL SERVANT; references required.—Apply HARMER, Belle Vue Hotel, Woodhouse lane, Wigan. NVANTED urgent, superior NURSE-HOUSEMAID protestant; and Generals ; no fees to wises. —WATSON RIGIbTRY, Crescent, Salford. ‘N'ANTED, several Geoerals and Housemaids, no fees charged till suited; fares paid.—Mrs. MARTIN, 38, Charter it., Accriegton. WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT; country girl preferred.—Apply Mrs. LIPTROT7 Plough and Harrow Hotel, Shevington, near Wigan. WANTED, GENERAL (experienced) family three help .given, no washiog, reference, £22. STDMCII•II VILLA, Stamford rd., Boa don. WANTED, good steady WOMAN as Honeekeeper for workingman, rah four little children.— Apply U.N., " Examiner" Office Warrington. WNTED HOUSEMAID immediately; nurse and cook kept ; good reference.; no registry. 7, SMEDLEY LANA, Cheetham Hill, Manchester. _

Apartments, Furnished Houses, Sco. COLWYN BAY.—WELL-FURNISHED HOUSES to Let, also unfurnished to let and for 11111i11.— Bow HERS, Agents. fIASTINHS.—Comf. Bd. • ma, 2 min. am ; bath, .11-6- billiards; 215.-27, 28, WELLINGTON SQUARE. LL ASTINGS.—Board-residence, comfortable winter home, central, bath, from 21s.—" STRATHCONA," 26, Wellington Sq. 11011RESTATYN.—Comfortable APARTMENTS for winter months; good cooking, attendance; terms moderate; modern conveniences.—JONES,Mselor House IDIRESTATYN.—APATMENTB ; large home and L garden; good locality snit invalid; moderate terms.—Miss BRUNTON, Bronalt, Prestatyn. MALL FURNISHED HOUSE to let in Rbyl ; low Li terms winter.—Apply, 16, VICTORIA-AVENUE, Preatatyn.

- , laiOß SALE, grand little DAIRY BUSINESS; bargun to immediate purchaser ; business taught. 17, CHAPEL ST., Blackpool. ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSEe TO SELL are advised to commit Mr. COWDILL, Legh st., Warrington.

Wanted. VET anted,Ladies for private sale of Toilet Specialities TV good inoome.—M., 8 Whitehall Mansione,Lond.,N NVANTED, ERRAND LAD (strong).—Apply J. S GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge at., Warrington CIOMPOSITOR (female), sews; must be experienced, quick.—" Examines " OFFICE, Warrington. WANTED. IMPROVER; case and machine, must be 18 years or over.—Apply "EXAMINER" OFFICE, Warrington. MOLESKINS and Catakine wanted; best prices paid; cash by return; any quantity reoeived.—Nsweensv & Co., 9, Gowen rd., Lender), E.C. WANTED.—Fowls, Ducks, Geese, Turkeys; small or large quantities; also eggs.— Send particulars to II WELLS. 143 Italie Pond rd., London. Home Work for either sex. Genuine; no canvassing. Stamped envelope for particulars. J. Hartland Agent, 83 Earlestown Avenue, Glasgow. Mention paper , GENTLEMAN, smart, with £2OO, wanted in every -Parliamentaryd......, salary £lOO per ann. and cow.-Full parties. to A.1.5.,53.New Broad st.,London,E.o -Vase Teeth Wanted.—Vulcanite, M. tooth; silver, 8d 12 tooth ' • gold, Is. tooth ; platinum 2/6 tooth. All postage plid.—Ashsvell„ 36 &38 Belgrave Gate, Leicester. CIAST-OFF CLOTIIING wanted, best prices given. p.o. and parcels promptly attended to—Mrs bloom's, 176, Mom lane, East, Moss Side Manchester.

ANVASBER and COLLECTOR Wanted in al districts ; book given; minty commission arid times down. —Apply TavLon,47 Sankeyst., Warrington 110 G DUNG WANTED, any quantitiee, large or swill, good prioe given.—THS WARRINGTON GLAZED KID CO. LTD, Long lane, Longford, near

li/FANTLES.—WANTED, for Bury, ALTERATION 01. HAND; good wages; regular work.—Apply worm I:foram:market et., Warrington. OLD FALSE TEEM Bought; any condition; 4d per tooth given on vulcanite, Bd. on silver, Is. 3d on gold, 2s. M. on platinum. Immediate cash sent.— PEARSON, 119, Stock at., Cheetham, Manchester. OLO Artificial Teeth, Dental Plates, Wanted, any condition ; Old Gold, Silver bought, post parcel; cash to utmost value by reterm—Huoute & Co., 63 Kingwood rd., Moseley, Birmingham. (Banker's Lloyds).

Agriculture. rgIIJRIP LOAM, Kettering old llhry, for Carnations MUMS, &a.; 21s. ton; truck loads delivered Cheshire sod S. Lanos.—.l. Dos, Park row, Nottingham

Shares. griUNLIFFE, RUSSELL ft CO, Bankers, Share V Desterm, 10, Place de Is Bourse, Paris.—Send p.o or pardon; bankers' refs.; estab. 1889. INVESTMENT IN CANADA.—lsvestors with £2O upwards can participate in genuine profitable business, earning big dividends. Full details on applica- tion:Write WOODSEN & Co., 3, Spareholt rd., Loudon, N • REQUIRED, Sleeping Partners with £2,000 and. upwards for a reliable INDUSTRIAL Undertak- Sig in HARTENROD neer WETZLAR (Germany). Chiefly Government orders. Large Profits proved. Great interest guaranteed. Capnble MANAGEMENT. Thoroughly genuine. PERSONALLY INSPECTED and strongly recommended. PRINCIPALS address, 110 WARDS, 35, DERONDA ROAD, LONDON, SE.

--- - - _ Zdnoation. riIHE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS 1. WARRINGTON.— Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Boys.—Trincipul, MISS DRINO, L.L.A., A.C.P. Stslil includes BA, and L.R.A.M. Half term commences Wednesday, November Bth. STOWITTrgi PON LODGE WARRINGTON. (3 (3 minutes from car terminus,) Day and Boarding School for Girls' Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boss. Large house, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great Successes in examination. The Next Term will commence on THURSDAY, Sept. 2lst Prospectus, references, and views OD applications, to MISS PARTINGTON, Principal INSURE AGAINST UNEMPLOYMENT. by being one of SMART & COs efficient,. The attention of Parents, Guardians, and Students is drawn to the fact that in a, instance during the past o years have we failed to pl.bee an efficient student in sattafactory employment, and not one of the students who have left during that tine is at present unemployed. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN ARE GIVEN A THOROUGH COMMERCIAL TRAINING,_ ARE GUARANTEED AN APPOINTMENT IN A FIRST- CLASS OFFICE. No class tuition ; every pupil taught individually. Open from 10 to 9. Students may attend at any hour Call or write for prospectus. SMART's COMMERCIAL COLLEGE, (Estab. 1827.) MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON.

—DO YOU USE GAO IF no, St all incandescent burners with the " Economiser " at once, and note a saving of about 25% in your bill. Absolutely genuine. Price 7d. each or 34 4d half dozen post free. GILL & CO., 3, ROBERT ST., DUKE ST, W. WIPUTATION 31AMTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. PRICES 2/2,2/4, 2/6 and 2/8 per lb. THE NATIONAL TEA CO., 16, HORSENIARKET ST., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques given with the Tea may be exchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent. HEAD ESTABLISHMENT : 50, and 151, Frisrpte, Preston.

1 • •IN TON

Sankr Street,

eD ehristening Gifts in great variety. Ns Telephone 303 x.

12 i.ErrLssclßTE's,i'iTitacrons' 41. ;NS. for 2. Id.— HOPEVANCY Work designs appear weekly in WOMAN'S Ltrs, price Id., of all newsagents. LEFT OFF CLOTHING bought, P.O. for paroels.— Mr& TAYLOR, ES, Cemetery rd , Doncaster. LL Mother's Questions about Baby are answered 1-1. weekly is Woman's Life, prioe ld., by " Eve.' MAKE your own shaving soap, formula 3d. tree.— GRIFFIN, 5, Portland Place, N., London, S.W. 109000 saßlutlisplle°,, 100 DavrseAto"'s.inaices verlekey,dl HOTISE purchase certificate, City Lire Assurance Co., for sale.-Routledge,s6,RyeHill,Newcastle-05-Tlne -Flo you know your lucky atone and date? See' Viers .1-Yreplies in Woman's Life, weekly; Id. all newsagents JEW Overcoat, sacrifice 255., cost 50..; chest, 44. Scott,3B4 Cbristchorch rd.,Pokeedown,Bournernouth 53141 boll Chiba, bag; 1110)0111 new, 215.60., approval —Seymoun, 88, Warrender Park rd., Edinburgh pPRINTING.—Work wanted by private firm; estimates fres.—Tnom AS, 21, Park at-, Slough. QUITS, cut, made, trimmed, 14u.; send for list; 1.7 trade onIy.—AARON D, Elm Works, Wakefield. A itthracite Stove,new,' Sunbeam,' best made effective ZS. °con, £3; deliv'd.-Gordon, Penwick at., L'pool It/lousy saved by buying your incandescent goods from A.Y.LSAM Heartri,3s,Boitomgate,Blackburn.-Seod for list moraphone Records; 21E, doubles 1/9, approval ; list sent.—Seymour, 88, Warrender Pk. rd ..Edinburgh Cat° Self-Filling Fountain Pen; takes any nib; price Is. post free.— Vincent Co.,2o,Btanley rd.,Oxford. OSIEKY knitted and refooted.—Mies BENNETT, Ili Automatic, 65, Myddleton Buildings, Upper at., ' Islington, N. el EN TS Lever Watch, glass dust-cap, guaranteed E. 3- timekeeper, 4s. approval.—Hemon, 148, Win- chester rd., Edmonton. PHOTO POSTCARDS of Yourself, la. per dozen Samples and catalogue free.-11Acicarr's Works --rd., Li,' I.

BATH upetairs; hot water rises from washing-copper' fired complete; about £6.—Send for particulars' Swim, 14, Stone at., Maidstone. It/FAKB your own Ginger Wine for Xmas, 3d per post; superior quality ; recipe is; genuine.— finstm, 22, London at., Loodoo, E.C. arALD Gold, silver, false teeth, broken watcl.es and NJF jewellery bought for cash ; highest cash price sent per return.—blyeas, Bullring, Wakellskl. ONEY SAVED, by buying your incandescent 35, Bottomgste, Black- gl?roaddse rfarosen (13 tmr P" D' et VOB Xmas.—Whlsky in. 6d. gallon, rum In. 4d. gallon; n: make your Own ; pucka. 2 stampa—liatr..oway, 11, Meadow View, Watb-on-Dearne, Yorks. LADIES best White Flarmelette Nightdresses, trimmed lace, or embroidered 4/6 5/6 on approval, carriage paid.—LAWTON, Draper, Skelmantborpe. Medallions for Dog Collars, with Ring attachment, name and address stamped complete, post free 6d State breed.— &MOON, King at., Blackburn. it/FETAL Polishes, Liquid and Paste; none better.— ..Y1 Samples he., on application to sole agent HARRISON, 51, Oilier Avenue, Longsicht, Menai:eater. end your Old Artificial Teetb,Gold, Silver, Jewellery to MAPPIN &C0.,18 King's terrece,Southsea.Elighest market prios by return, o rater. Bankers Nat. Prow AMB, direct from the bills of Scotland. Carriage paid 131 b. aides, 75 6d; Mutton, aides 211 b, 15e.— • Drtaw,472 St. Georges rd., Glasgow .

12 laiearlit.iful olluartedmsllowl., Photographicot n each. Astounding value. Send photo, 2/6.—Wells, Blackfriars st., Carlisle. rube Ideal Xmas Present. 30s. Gladstone Bags, 22 inn solid leather,heavy fit ings,stont straps, 226; excep- tional value:Coats:B, Bag Manufactory,Wellingborough. I adios' Neckwear Bargains.—Lace collars, 7d, lid, -11-4 Is scl; Mufflers, Is, Is 61; fancy Silk Bows, 6d, Is; Stook Collars 2s doz. assorted ; 1.011 free.—ClamMwoon & Co., 32, Newgate it., London, S.C. 6/11 COAIPLETE.—Tweed or serge skirts in all colours, made to own measures by WEST. END Tailor; perfect fitting; postage 4d.—M. COOPER- W ALDRON, 62, Warwick avenue, London, W.

USE OUR PLATES.-1 Plate, 16.9 d., 1 70. Pop or Gaslight, Post Cards is. 3d. 100. Samples of catalogues free.—Bitownooms 246, West Derby rd., Liverpool. 3 mioutes from Olympia. ADCLIFFE BONE CUTTERS.—Prioo, from .1-4 21s. 6dl carriage paid; catalogue with instruo, tions for feeding green bone post free.—RADCLIFY n Bone Cutter Works, Greenfield, Oldham.

NV inter Comfort—For Is 6d, llb of linseed,liquorice V nod chlorodyne Icz-oges, or 11b, of pure mint lozenges, or ilb. of each, sent post paid.-111r.KRY POPPLRTON & So3,Mannfacturiog Confectioners,Lincoln LANE'S Detective Agency and South African Enquiry LA Bureau, missing friends, divorce, positions of firms and other inquiries. Telegraphic address : " Sleuth," Johannesburg. Post box 1587, Johannesburg. • ADIES fashionable real velvet (calf leather belts, .1.4 with English gilt buckles, lain. wide, 16 colours; In. 3d. each post free; state colour required.—Belas, 48, Getter lane, Cheapaide, London. _ _ LADIES & Children's Beautiful clothing, every description, scarcely worn, remarkable bargains. List stamp.—Mrs. ALDRIDGE, "Woodland.," Mount rd., Wimbledon Park, London. UATTENIND Fowl food for nothing, easily obtained in any district, save halfl your corn bill ; for laying fowls add mustard according to instructionsl; recipe 4d. worth pounde.—G. HUMPHRIES, Ryhall, Stamford, Rutland ; mention paper. 'VCR Sale,. best quality Canadian mixed clover hay, also Irish rye-graes and clover, and meadow hay and straw, delivered to any station in 50 cwt. truck loads at reasonable prices.—Apply FRANK NIELD,jun., Direct Hay Importer, and Presser, Aleager, Cheshire. CONJUREKS paper-tearing sots, beauttf ill patterns, Fans, Mats, Trees, etc. Winter evening's pastime, instructive, amusing, makes splendid decorations, 1 2 post (I'm—SMARM Society Magician, 8, Helena Terrace, Cock ton Hill, Bishop Auckland. Blx sat NG POSITIVELY CURED.—Medical gentlemen impressed with wonderful results offers copy of Physician's prescription for la. P. 0.; failure impossible • advice gratie.—RYDZlt Voss, 112, Great Portland et., 'London, W.

GIVEN AWAY.—A Charming Detains Blouse to every parctuuter of a beautifully-tailored Costume, any colour or tweed, at 15s. Ild. ; satisfaction guaranteed; send size waist and length skirt, with Postal Order and 6d. postage, to Deus & DiRRY, 440 Edgware rd., London, W.

r,es, Live Stock ON SALE, MILK FLOAT E 9 ; wilt one 101.—SHAW 9, Fla L Cadisheed neer Msnobester. HARP 00% URA Cart and Harness; lot ES neat Lorry" will lend.-45, Maxis st., London rd. Masobestor. (100 D useful MARE on Sale; heal gem.; 15 bands; AJI 9 years old ; can be seen at work it say time.— Apply 10, NOLAN ST., Southport

Ne . EARLY NEW MILK FLOAT, Butcher's Cart, Light Larry, Baker's Van, Hand-cult', Barrows of every desoription..*ATllEß TON AND So" Tweed at., Chapel at., Leigh. 'POE SALE, SALOON BITS', to can 16, with 12 removable top to form Wagonette. Also Landau and Stand Clb, cheap room warktrd.—J. NCILD, Market at., Stretford.

IN SALE Black Pomarian Poppies; female, N./ male, 22a. 66.; Cb-Hanghty Prince, Ch-Marland King Strain ; pedigree and partionlars—BurrsewonTH 80, Albion rd., Rochdale. VORKSHIRE TERRIER DOG for sale; pedigree; age 14 months ; through distemper ; weight Me, loz. ; con be seen by appointment.—Address J. W. CORDINKR, Lyric Theatre, Liverpool.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS TIAVE been universally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy for Anatole, Giddiness, Folneas and Swelling after Meals. Loss of Aapetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes Is. 10., 2s. 9d., 4s6d. and 11.. (Sample vent free). Only address :- 309,PORTOBELLO RD.. NOTTING HILL, LONDON

• F rom Copy, 3 Photos, Christmas Cards and 1 Cabinet 1/I post free.-Harrison'a, Photos Selcombe, L'pool AFree Employment Bureau for Workers& Employers appear weekly in Woman's Life, Id., everywhere; Viesoy Hair without Washing! Rosemary Dry Shampoo Powders (31, P.O 7d.—TunNan,Chemist. Peterboro' UAW:MlN.—Persian Lamb, .63 3s. ; Muff and Stole, 14/6—Hvarao, 20 Grove lane, C,amberwell,London MAKE your own Hearthrugs • new cloth cut ready for nea—Mvatts, 64, Roarlaiscl place, Leeds. 1163 LB. COOKING M'PLE 3, Bs.; Blenheim and 444 Permaln 12s.—Cash with order.— Cox-HALLErr, Shrewsbury. FELLMONGERS, Farmers, and Marine Stores. Wanted to buy wool and hair for cash.—JoHN KILBURN, Earleaheaton, Dewsbury. c"END 6d. P.O. for the greatest improvement ever known in oil lamps, and SIDI of wick used, to B. A. CRESSWELL, Rank nt., Comae', Staffordshire. MOLES, Foxes, Cats, Utters, Badger's akin., Birds' wings, Game tails and plumage.—BEßT LEVY, 20 Blenheim terrace, St John's Wood, N.W. SILKS 25 inch, 8 ' 2d. yard • white, pink, sky, black royal, cinnamon, amethyst, view: rose, reeds, &c.— PEARSZ'S, 2,3, 4 & 5, Market Place, Margate. "Vitjatches.—Good,strong,reliable, metal watches at 36 / TV eacii,money returned within five days if not sstis. —W.N. Shalders,2 Louvain° rd, Clapham Junction, S.W MADAME-VOYANTE, Palmist, fee from 26, hours from 11-1 and 3-6; character by photograph, fee 1/-.-68 The Drive,Follham Park Gardena,London,S.W Vree Xmas Presente—To every purchaser of a Lady's a.' Etatutifnl Handbag we give a fountain pen; send 2;6. Hill & Co.,2o,Hardesa at., Longhboro' Junction, London 110.0 more ktmeling.—Send for • Savtime,' 24. post .A.l free; washes, ecru* or polishes floor', linos, shops in half time.—ENOLISH & FOREIGN PROVISIoN STORES, 78 Church st„ Camberwell, S.E. DIRECT from Loom to Wearer.—Splendid Sot., Lengths, Na. to 26..; also Overcoatings ; latest novelties; patterns free ; carriage paid.—WEST RIDING MANDFACTURING Co., Golcar, Huddersfield. TELEPHONE 337 x. BARGAINS IN PIANOS, &c. PiAII3TBRINSMEAD. £5 0 0 PIAIITCHAPPELL E 8 0 0 PIANO £8 10 0 BY JNO. BROADWOOD, ROSEWOOD CASE„ ALLISON, £l2 0 0 WALNUT CASE. 11111ANO £l3 010 1- BY JNO. BROADWOOD. PIA11(1)11Y. WAGNER. £l9 10 0 PIANON FRAME, £22 0 0 BY UPTON GILL. P1A11214 FRAME, OVERSTRUNG £2B 10 0 BY GOB A KALEMANN: £34 0 0 IRON FRAME, OVERSTRUNG, LATEST IMPROVEMENTS, SLIGHTLY USED. BY HOPKINSON. EACH PIANO FULLY WARRANTED. Foil money allowed on these Pianos if exchanged for more expensive instruments. TUNED FREE FOR 12 MONTHS. TERMS : FROM Bs. PER MONTH. WADSWORTH'S, Si), SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

OVERCOATS. We have a large and varied stock of the newest styles and materials. BOYS' D.B. OVERCOATS New Fleece Materials from 9 11 YOUTHS' OVERCOATS Double Breasted with Belt 14 II to fit boy 17. MEN'S OVERCOATS AND RAINPROOFS 20 - to 45 - SPLENDID SELECTION. Nafichester Clothing Depot, 10 Horsemarket Street, WARRINGTON.

SCOTT'S RAGLAN BLANKET CLOTH COAT TAILOR MADE. Cannot be equalled at the price. t_4l&kpli Lci

PELIXRIMO IR.—Csrtain cars for coughs. Trial 1 bottle, P.O. 9d.—HILL'S Swats, Headman. 113 beumatism can be cured; try ed. sample bottle.— 111 J Fasestialeue," 8, Oakbank Grove, London. S.E Ringworm.. Lady has discovered a positive cure; post Use /11 -Madame Bonyn ge,23, The Cury,Cambridge. J)ropey Cured, postcard brings 1/9 packet, don't pay without benellted.-Johne,klerbalist,Newnham,Glos BECOME FAr and well for 2/6. Costly Specialist's Prescription, absolutely genuine; post, 216.—C. JEFFREY, 59, George at., Kidderminster.

Skelton's Indigestion Pills have cured thousands ; thirty years' reputation. Send stamps 1:i for trial box. J H SKELTON, LTD., Eastwood, Notts. CYNPINO.—Cures cold while you sleep. Inhalant specific for Asthma, Bronchitis and Influenza, Is, 28 6d, Ss 6d.—D. B. KIDD, Pharmacist, Exmouth. Kan Kure Salve for the most obstinate cue of skin disease or running wounds; trial solicited;6d. stamp for box.—klittouu & Co.. 54,Ivanhoe rd.,Camberwell,S.E ilaSiles positively Cured by using Dr. Setterie's Cones no surgical treatment; natural cure; hundreds testi -BRITISH PHA RMACAL CO.,l3l•Xhil ' COLD IN THE HEAD cured by scientific remedy, recommeuded by eminent London Specialist for nose and thrust.: I/14, DOPLOCK, Chemist, Chaster

VVIsIY be Bald? Vaughan's" Hairgrower " speedily produces luxuriant hair. Most astonishing results Trial box 6d.—P. V &utiliser, SO, Arrant Avenue, Wood Green, London N. PAINFUL Pilea, instant relief; lasting benefit oint- ment with vulcanite injector, P.O. Ss. ; sluggish livers require active pills, take mine and be happy, P.O. 16.—Marrie Freede,SpecAlist,4,Moncrieffe at, Walsall ' J)slily has I hate a safe, simple and effective prescription prepared by a M.P.S. for curing insobriety. Send P.O. to-day for Is 61 to GRANVILLE WALTERS, 102, Moore at. Sheffield. RHEUMATISM, Sciatica, Lumbago, positively cured by " Catatonia "; thousands testify immediate relief ; most marvellous remedy discovered ; bottles Is. lid. and 2.5. 9d. post free.--CtlearOßllS CO., 110 John Bright at., Birmingham.

12/9 t): 1111117)1111: SCOTT'S 8 HORSEMARKET DI riT I WARRINGTON. (Next door to the Manchester Clothirg Depot

D It is nice to know that one is purchasing an Article direct from the actual makers. KENDALL'S UMBRELLAS are all manufactured at their own factory and supplied direct to their retail shop, 44, SANKEY STREET, D WARRINGTON. Dont forget this fact 64 dig IL4 k

Most Useful, Welcome, Seasonable. PRESENTS FURS and GIFTS from from £1 to £550 FURCOATS. £1 to £550 It is no economy to purchase " trashy " FURS and " faked " FURS. Trustworthy Furs of Fashion, of Genuine Quality and Value, at Keen Manufacturers' prices, in Magnificent Variety, at CREAMER'S 56 Bold St., Liverpool.

dI BEST VALUE IN TOWN. JEWELLERY, SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO-PLATE, WATCHES, and CLOCKS. i MILLER & Co., i _ pl io, SANKEY ST, WARRINGTON. , Telephone 3869. ' lIIIIMIMMIMIII

BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LNT FROM 10 TO £l,OOO. A Gentleman having a considerable amount of spare Capital in prepared to make Immediate Advances to Ladies, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Formers, Shopkeepers, sod any Respectable Householders at a moderate rate of interest on Note of Hand alone. Business can be completed entirely by post if desired. GENUINE TRADE BILLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGHT- FORWARD DEALING AND STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, stating full particulars and requirements to J. GRlFFlN,Minories Chambers,Minories,Birmingbam. NlL—Don't pay Fees or Travelling Expenses, and don't gives Bill of Sale before apptying to me.

1.3 TO £l,OOO. mum IS THE ONLY OFFICE WHERE PRIVATE LOANS ARE GRANTED to all persons worthy of credit a ithout publicity or Money-Lenders' routine. If you require a PRIVATE LOAN, and honourably intend to repay, then waste no time on tempting adverts. It is admitted by hundreds of clients that our business is conducted in a straightforward meaner. Repayments can be arranged as follows, or as mutually agreed upon, £5 loan DC weekly I £5l) loan 10!. weekly £lO „ 3/- weekly I £lOO „ IS!- weekly £25 „ GI- weekly £2OO „ 35/- weekly Interest from Is. in Dia g. No connection with any other office. IC SEFTON, LTD., MISS COTTERILL, MANAGERESS, SI, CAIRO STREET. WARRINGTON

XMASPR ENES TS AINmEDX,SEUNRSEIVTEO, ABRET lASPTI,I ,E CU ISAETF EU DL SEE THE BEAUTIFUL DISPLAY THIS DAY, AT THE FURNISH DI SHs G SI VT OERREPS 0. pioNEER LOWEST PRICES IN THE KINGDOM. LARGE ILLUSTRATED MONEY SAVING GUIDE FREE. All purchases over 40 - delivered free to any Railway Station in Great Britain.

CASH OR EASY TERMS.

RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Largesssortmeut of Framed Pictures imitable forireddlat and Birthday Preeents, School Prises, &a Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY ROUTER OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD 111.40 RAVINGS.

c:0 SAM N. GREEN SPOT SHOP, (FISH MARKET., FOR EVERYTHING.

• ,-..° f'--• •-' '..,---,, -:-,-.-,-; ' '''''''' '._."."-:',:: : ::+-cii ii: A, _ „, .. ' I, . I U e t , ..,-....-0,... , ..„.,..„- , -,,-,,- , _ - z,--,.- 1 . „. , -: 1,... tr( ..-, . / ,*...,:, a., ..,. -, , eti ~,,,- , ..).....t1,,...i,..* .-- „,„,, 6.444( 4Y ilit‘ ..trx ...,;2...-, 4,4,,

H.M.S. CENTURION LAUNCHING CASKET. The above picture shows the casket, containing the millet and chisel, presented to Mrs. Winston Churchill at the launch of the Centurion. It is made of the very best old oak procurable, and carved in an extremely elaborate style. The shield in front bears **Marlborough arms, and on the inside of the cover is a water-colour painting of the Centurion as she will appear when completed. The work was carried out in Devonport Dockyard.

r...... 11.11.1111.111. ...1 I Bronchitis • I . "A household remedy for chest complaints." I • Dear Sirs,--Several years ago, while suffering from an obstinate attack of . Ibronchitis, I was advised to try Anglers Emulsion, which I did, with the result that it gave speedy relief and clearance. Since then I have rarely been without this excellent remedy in the Vicarage. I have recommended it to many of my parishioners, with the result that it is now used in many homes as a household remedy for throat and chest complaints. In addition to this use, it is found to act as a mild and comfortable aperient. • (Signed).„ (REV.) CHAS. F. I3OX, Vicar of South Denfleet. • I NIG' ER,l3mu isioN I . The remarkable soothing and healing properties of Angler's Emulsion com- I • blued with its tonic and strengthening effects make it superior to all other remedies for bronchitis and lung affections. It stops the cough, allays soreness and inflammation, improves the breathing and makes expectoration easy. At the same time it promotes appetite, aids digestion and builds up strength. Of all chemists, l/li, 2/9 and 4/6. A FREE SAMPLE • • sent on receipt of 3d. postage. Mention this paper. THE ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ltd., Be CI eeeee well Road. London. B.C. 01111.111..... • 111111111.111111 • 1111111=11111111D •

Do your Eyes Trouble You? 4-- N- • ' 0(011110 '"(t( ' Do things ever seem to grow misty and blurred This is a warning of Eyestrain and you should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble. By our scientific tests we could tell if you need Glasses, and in that case suP9ll those which would give the greatest possible benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER & SONS Eyesight Specialists. 7_22 LORD STREET Dab. 1848. LIVERPOOL

oa.arvs: ViIIVIII IN ..S. Pow.. .. u cIITILOVII RATS& MICE DANYS7 VIRUS, Ltd., Box ft. LArlesl.4ll Rm., Load.. La. wall GI 0 Cllmmlois ki. ~.., Boßwic rs... BAKING POWDER. "The Cook's Best Friend." & NNIV % 616.10611.

Lcupscom t if you ee' Symington's i Its econorrry is great—yet Symington's is equal in 1 fragrance and strength to \ the finest freshly roasted \ coffee. ri\til \ , liitLs Thos. Symington Z.-. Co., Edinburgh .5' London. Be sure to ask for YMINGTOM COFFEE ESSENCE.

INSTANT REL.IEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. 6oi"riii.: RIGHT THING 82, Nalton-road, Bridgend, Glam. April 11th, 1910. Dear Sir,—Some years ago I suffered very badly from Rheumatic Gout, and I then tried I many things, hut got no relief. At last I was led to try your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, which soon proved I had GOT HOLD OF THE RIGHT THING, and I soon got well. Whenever I feel an attack coming on Igo to Fade's and they ward it off. I think Acuff}, just to yiia that I should acknowledge their merit, and I may say I always recommend them and know THEY HAVE BEEN A BLESSING TO OTHERS. You may make any use you like of this testimonial. I remain, dear sir, yours faithfully, FREDK. HIGGINS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their motion, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles la. lid. and 2s. 81. or rent post free for stamps or P.G.by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT iSia R 1

When not up to the mark When your usual good spirits are clouded and depressed; when your fund of energy is low; when your eye loses its lustre and your step its elasticity, when, in a word, you cease to be your own bright self, you should seek the restorative, invigorating properties of Beecham's Pills. Headache, lassitude, loss of energy, want of appetite, generally have their origin in digestive troubles of some sort, and the best way to deal with them speedily and successfully is to take that most efficacious and reliable of family medicines— BEEcHApws PILLS.

WATCHES FO PRECISION AND QUALITY A/111-- '4o•' \ LIKE THOSE MADE BY J. W. BENSON . ; LTD., , . ARE A PURLIL \SE FOR A LIFETIME. BENSON'S WATCHES contain Imprcv..- oe— ,r, 00 ~.-• mods all conducing to that Accuracy, D.rs%.bility, ' \ and Inexpensive upkeep which should be the ' .. 111 . 13.. ; --.- 1;iclill .leatures in Watch work, and no other firm 0 . can equal them. 7- THE "VO KEYLESS , , '3 ' r-------_-*- ENGLISH LEyER " 1 , _ . , I. OR LADIES. ' 01 f' '' \ _. . . . , , \ -5.., \ in /8-ci. Gold, Crystal Wet:, I , .r,..._ -14_7 \ Cases, £lO. ITHE "BANK" WATCH t:,r---- ,i, .I=l 7 I licq London Made Keyless A ~.., 7/.-., ' / )" i "T allir_T-Init 1 English Lever, in Sterling Si!- ~ -\''', I l ,I .' . - ---- Crystal Glass Cases, SS. \ '-..!"..41.,i'/,, , ~,,,,,..,. )Or Half Hunting Cases, 516 '-, --`'`'-'-- :___„..-5-_- . 0 Os illustrated). ___ / \\. \\ 18-cl. Gold Cases, Crystal Glass, £l5. ' l'S i,;.,7 / ' ‘ i 1 ) They arc sold at strictly Moderate Prices Mill for Cash, or on "cbe must, System of ' \ ii,„0,.,\ 1. ; MONTHLY PAYMENTS of 101- 7/ an . ‘ d upwards. \ ‘ , Owners write that the "FIELD," "LUD- ', \ N.', , . ' .' GATE," and "BANK" Watches are of \ -., -- "INCOMPARABLE EXCELLENCE." _ _- SELECTIONS WILL BE SENT TO INTENDING THE "LUDGATE" WATCH BUYERS AT OUR RISK AND EXPENSE. London Made English Le :',r, in Silver, C;vstal Glass Cases, £5 53. . Illustrated Hooka rOST FRU. In 18-ct. Gold Cases, £l2 12s. No. Lot Watches. from 3.;ii..Chains. Sslf- -1 Finingwatth ii swirls, A Jewellery. ' No. 2. of Clock. "Empire " Plate. & In- J. W• BENSON, LTD., expensive Silver Goods fur Present. • Mention this I,,Pe, 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON. E.O. %"000401

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by MADE'S PILLS. FELT NOTHING SINCE!! 9, Miller Road, Collier's Wood, Morton. Sept. 11th, 1909. Dear Sir—l thank you for the great amount of good I have had since I first bad your excellent Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I went to two hospitals and they told me to have my foot taken off that it was a diseased bone. But I was recommended your pills, so got a bottle, and the first two I took, although I had gout very badly,enabled me to sleep well, the first time for seven years. That was thirteen months ago and I HAVE FELT NOTHING SINCE. Before that time I was continually at home with it,and it is nothing but your famous remedy. Being only a working-man they have been a good friend to me. Again in thanking I remain, your own advertisement, F. HATTER. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is. Id. and 2s. 9d. or seat post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell road,London. HEELIMP....TIC PILLS

Furnishing' Problem —Solved.—

1 your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth nottnr 1 I 1--

HOW can I increase the pur- chasing power of every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture? The solution of that problem will be found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic. sturdily-built furniture, Our perfect manufacturing and as ling organisation enables us to quote prices that are much below those charged elsewhere for the same articles. No matter whether you

Furnish for Cash Convenient Paument Sustem

We allow 2/. In the discount for Clash. Payments cas be arranged to suit Castigate convenience. Ne objectionable agreements te sign. Every Article manufactured ender our own direct control ad supervision. Ws pay carriage te all parts. Goods duld in Private Vans. Every Furnishing Requisite supplied. Good Value and satisfied Customers aeconot for the phenomenal growth clout business. Guarantee. v uStd" t e"o'if 714' article that does nos give absolute satisfaction. Plir Write or can for Catalogue_ "Iln

GLOBE Furnishing Co. PEMBROKE I i,,erooi "I PLAOE, "
