===== 0002601_19110923_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
lUooey.—Provincial Union Bank, £lO to £5,000 Note IVA of hand alone or other security •. strict privaerfair terms; easy repayment. -Menager,37,Union st.,Ryde,l.W.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT

Aboletely ofinced volne offered by nETCAN Or POST' KING & Co.. UN, Rant et. Loudon, W.C.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
50, and 151, Friargate, Prestoo.

WHonses, Land on sale MANITOBA, Caaada.—Cepital Farm with stock and IVA. atsaleg crop, £1.5h0. Several other farm. end blntsaes.—CoßßKTT 3 EDWARDS, AShteld,SUSlloy.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW SCHOOLS.

EDUCATION COMMITTEE AND THE LOVELY LANE SITE.

Scheme Strongly Criticised.

The question of new schools woo again to the fore at the monthly meeting of the Warringeon Education Cot:mitt.° en Monday evening and an interesting discussion waged round alternative suggestions for the utilisation of the Lovely-lane Bile for educational and recreative purposes. Councilor H. Roberts presided and there were also present :—Aldermen J Smethurst, W Bolton, James Evans, A Bennett, Councillors T Birtles, W H BeMan, C Jackson Holmes J Wilkinson, R Henshall, W .1 Wilson, .1 T Locker, .1 Dickenson. T S Steel, Dr 111clice, ard J Pemberton, the Revs, Canon Morley Stevenson, J Davies and Neville Wilson, Mrs C Jackson Holmee, Messrs A .1 Jolley (daputy chairman), C S Burgess, H Kingdon. J Upson, J Cbrimes, E Plinston, C It Unawortb, I, It Roberts, J Moore Murray (director of education), R B Roberts (assistant director), and T Longdin (borough surveyor). " NEW SCHOOL MANAGERS.

The appointments of the Rev. T. Vickers as founds. Lion manager and correspondent of the Parochial School, in succession to th,4 Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, and of the Rev. W. A. Beckett as chairman of managers of Silver-street Wesleyan school, in succession to the Rev. E. R. Keeling, were formally notified. A DISCUSSION IN PRIVATE.

The CHAU:NAN announced the receipt of cation which he thought it was desirable should be discussed in committee. He, therefore, proposed that they should resolve into committee for the consideration of the correspondence. The motion was agreed to and theP re ss representatives. withdrew. On their return the usual business of the committee was resumed.

THE BOARD OF EDUCATION AND INDUSTRIA

CENTRES.

The School Management Committee considered extracts from the liolmes-Morant circular, together with communications from the Manchester Education Committee and the Association of Education Com- mittees upon matters arising therefrom, and the follow- ing resolution of the Executive Committee of the Association of Education Committees was approved viz. :—" That it is desirable that a clause be introdneed into the Education (Administrative Provisions (No. 2) Bill providing for the appointment of a Stxtutory Com- mittee representative of local education administra, ion that shall be consulted by the Board of Education before changes are made in departmental ruiee and regula- tions," and it was decided to request the Member of Parliament for the borough to give his support to the proposal when the Eincation (Administrative Pro- visions) (No. 2) Bill is under consideration. Callon STEVIriSoN moved and Mr. I.7esON seconded the approval. Councillor HENSHALL inquired what the exact eigniflcance of the resolution referring to the Holmes- Itforaut circular was.

Canon SrEVEN,OS: replied that it meant that the Bianchester Education Committee felt that the Board of Education ass tLit always in touch with the education of the great cities and towns in tha North— (bear, hear)—and that it would be a good thing if a committee were formed in Lancashire and Yorkshire perhaps which would be able to make representations with regard to the edncational needs and requirements of the great industrial populations which differed in some respects from the populations of other parts of the country. The School Management Committee were in favour of such a Scone.

_ The minutes were agreed to. THE LOVELY-LANE SITE. BOW CAN IT BEM. BE USED?

SUGGESTED APPOINTMENT OF A SCHOOL ARCHITECT.

It having been reported that the General Purposes Committee of the Town Council had not approved of the suggested position of the public elementary school to he erected en the site in Lovely-lane, as shown on the plan submitted to them, the Sites and Buildings Committee resolved, That the General Purposes Committee be asked to allot a sufficient amount of land in the centre of the Lovely-lane site on the side nearest to Lovely-lace for the erection of the Echool thereon." At a later date the committee proceeded to Lovely. lane to view the suggested position of the site for the public elementary school to be erected there, and it wns resolved that the above resolution be rescinded and " That the General Purposes Committee of the Town Council he asked to appropriate to this committee about 2 acres of land en the northern extremity of the site for the purpose of the erection thereon of a public elementary school." The committee carefully considered the question of the appointment of en architect or architects for the +schools about to be built and in the end it wan resolved : "That, in the opinion of this committee, it is desirable that an architect should be employed to carry out the whole of the work in connection with the designing and erection of the schools, and that a sub- committee consinting of Conecillors Hessian, Pemberton, Roberts, and Wilkinson, Mr. R. T. Fair- clongh and the Chairman of the committee (Alderman William Bolton), be appointed to prepare, for the con- sideration of the committee, details of the necessary arrangementa for putting this propossl into effect." Alderman BOLTON, in moving the adoption of the minutes, said every endeavour was teirg made to pro vide Echoola aud to mnke progress in the work in-

which the committee wan engaged. Work in connec- tion with the Evelyn-street school was proceeding satisfactorily and they hal let contracts for various fittings and electrical installst ion. An effort was being made to provide a school for defective children in Parr- street. With regard to the Lovely-lane site, the com- mittee originally decided to ask the Town Council to allot land in the centre of the plot for the purposes of a new school. On a subsequent inspection they changed their opinion. Thy now thought the school would be better near the railway. Unfortunately, he wan not present, and no could not advance any of the reasons which were responsible for the decision. As far as he was concerned any pert of the land would suit him, if only they could get the school erected. The com- mittee had nothing to do with the laying out of the whole plot ; their only duty was to provide a school. If they were to have the worse portion of the site they were prepared to take it in preference to having no part at all. The question of the appointment of an architect •Lad been again considered. The committee was now getting so much school property that it was one man's work to see that every- thing was kept in order. More new schools were con- templated end it was thought that if a permanent official were engaged to design and supervise the architectural work at all the schools, it would conduce to greater efficiency and economy. Councillor JACKSON Humes seconded the adoption of the minutes. . . .

--.—.— COnnOilior BELLIAN naked whether the report of the sub-committee with reference to the appointment of an architect would come before the Education Com- mittee before any definite action .s!.as &ma.

Alderman BOLTON : Yea, it will have to come here. Councillor DUMAN : It does not read that way. The minute seems conclusive that the sub-committee shall carry the proposal into effect. If that is so I shall oppose it. Alderman BOLTON gave an assurance that the Educa- tion Committee would have the final veto in the matter and that they were not committed to anything by the appointment of tLe sub-committee. Alderman Beetneer moved that the minutes referring to the allocation of part of the Lovely-lane site for the purposes of a school he referred back. He said he was sorry to disagree with any committee of which he wan a member, hut he always felt bound to act in ' accordance with his own judgment and on this occasion he believed the Chairman of the committee agreed with him. When the original resolution in favour of the erection of the school in the centre of the site was passed, he began to have singular hopes that the com- mittee were beginninh to exercise their imagination and to look at the qiieation in a broad and public- spirited way. He went home feeling quite delighted that they were making some progress in Warrington and gradually coming within the confines of artistic taste and civilization. He was therefore very much undone when, on a second visit of the committee to the site, the earlier and much more sensible recommendaticn was rescinded and they were quietly asked to accept an exceedingly unummetrical and undesirable arraai,ement of the hula. The area of the site, about which there was a long and acrimonious light in the Town Council, was about seven acres and it bad perhaps an great potentiali- ties as any open space in Warrington. The original idea was that theschool should be placed in a aymmetrioal position in the centre of the land, that a portion should be laid out an a bowling green, and that there should be recreation grounds on each side, which would serve the double purpose of playgrounds for the children and open spaces for the public. Anyone with a spark of imagination must feel that a plan of that kind lent itself to very attractive treatment. Up to now, how- ever, the Education Committee never seemed to have considered that aspect of the question. They had been utilitarian to the utmost degree. Imagination had been Milieu dead in their arrangement', and he could not think of a single school--with the exception of the Bement—which had been put in position with any eye to artistic effect or the amenities of the neighbourhood. The alderman continued to put in a strong plea for the erection of public buildings and the laying out of towns on the same lines as had been adopted with such striking effect in continental cities. Their object should be to place buildings in such a position that their beauty would be displayed to the beat advantage and that the tout cnaembiewould be agreeable to the eye and satisfactory to those w3thetic faculties which wee not wholly dead, even in the breasts of the Warrington Town Council. Even from a utilitarian point of view the committee were making a great mistake in putting the Lovely-iane School close to the railway, for it must be disturbing to the work of the school to have trains continually rushing past. He contended that the scheme now recommended for adoption gave them the maximum of inconvenience without& single element of advantage It wes at, absolute waste. The Rev. JAAIES DAVIES seconded the amendment. If the school were placed in the middle of the site, the land on either side could be devoted to public recreation. It could be arranged for the playgrounds to be available after school boars. Mr. CI esoN : How is it that we have this scheme at all ? I gathered from the luke-werm way in which the alderman moved the minutes that he himself does not approve of it. I understand there was a very superior rcbeme to this. Was it rejected by the Town Council and, if so, can any anyone tell on why ? Alderman BOLTON mid the Town Council disapproved of one scheme. The committee then agreed upon another but after a second inspection they submitted the alternative plan now under conaideration. lie did not ace that it mattered much where the school was, so long as they got a school at all. They were making no progress by referring recommendations back time after time.

Mr. J 01.1.1 I" supported the amendment because it would bring into action the scheme which, beyond all question, was the best—namely, that the school should be in the middle of the site, fronting Lovely-lane. No time would be lost by palling the amendment.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
• ' • ' • f ll' • . ; I

A it il4st •-• St' r • • • • vs", . •Aik, - ,-11413 P

THE GREAT BREATHEABLE CURE.

(UT rid of that cough once and for all with Pepe, the only breetheabie tabl,3ts which convey to the lungs '-4 direct, in an air-like form, the chest-strengthening and lung-healing essences of tke pine forest. On the appearanqa of the first symptoms of a cold let a Peps tablet dissolve in the mouth, and with deep breaths Inhale direct into the bronchial tubes and lungs the powerful medicinal vapours that are released from the tablet. The cough and throat irritation are soon stopped. Liquid mixtures. which are swallowed into the stomach, cannot possibly reach the irritated throat membrane and bronchial tubes where the trouble lies.

Peps not only cure coughs and colds quickly, but so strengthen and invigorate the breathing organs as to protect you from further attacks. Pepe are the most compact and the most wonderful remedy of the age for all throat and chest afflictions. They are so handy that they can be carried in the purse or vest pocket, each tablet being separately encased in a wrapper of silver paper which prevents the tablet loting its medicinal strength before use. Children, old folks, and invalids can derive nothing but good from Peps, which are free from opium and all harmful drugs. A box of Peps now may mean al the difference between getting rid of your cough for good, and a winter of chronic chest weakness.

5, i . i 14 4iiiktf,,iik,i3stifti, -k .1 , ,'L Ay . w.....e.: • 4 A ._? „:,,,,,,.. ~ .. - -.- ••-.,..,,44,,*- 0.--_ -tity . --::: --'-'. i•/".- . 117,- Vbe, 444 4 . • 'if: •t . t& 4 ',4f •. ' ... , 4 ••-Sie le, _ ,_ • ,0 clk .tc -3,,,,.. 74. 41 ... -;,...;„ ~,,, •• * - ,ifir.. - ,1.•,2:- . ~,..• _IA •-, -': • ~.,, . - • -. • ..„„. , ,_,.,..::.,,,,.......‘.. ill -*-:,=: , . „ :f?' I•'''.l:a7 ' . :: : 1 ' .. ,t- 111111 1111 :A. .4...,.2 ___ / - - ••• ~, , ..,, ~...:- II ....... Jill''l. l[,l 111 , - • . si '4,4;7.: i, -4,h••••• I:I' - ---.. . , ' 4 f'4, -•.••-?,,,,,,, , . ~ ,i ,n- • , "4' li s. %... 'A -111, ..". ',.s ~ , • ~.t, , 1,,t , ~' , . I '. ' ' er . .ir... ..;.' "; -1:0=4:„.- ;--, -1:: - "i ,"" l' ' I.' , • ' ..,.. ~,,,,, ~ 4, 0 •7 •1, • • ,;!, 'I. , 116. '.';',7, . ,I*, . t..1:1 11M1311,1 . , • , ,1 ,-. • - - ..• I" • " 11, s; s' 'V,- ~,, /ill ;•'.' ,-;;1,,,,-- a 1.... , , , I , 4 L . •.,.....t .. , ; , ..„ •,. ~ COUGhS_ n 6 w..: ' - - *:.- ---... 11 - 'Tr It . ~„-.. .... ;, t , ~__ • .........1 ~.. , ....,,• , ~,,. , ..., .44 .i si ' s ' ''. k:tik •0 114-D S likft 1--- -1 ,)•4' 3; 0: 7>lk IO'W 1 -I '''i .4 1 ". •1111 P .' ' ' 4 • PA . i ~- ..,„ : - AI ,--'-`----=',''''- - __l- , • ' ' •r . ) i-'' '',l,:-.." i- - - .." -k.V -,'"..- "•'7....'

===== 0002601_19110923_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19110923_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
From Reynolds' Newspaper.

mmciiior tVicxissote contended that there won l d be dimadvintases in selecting the centre site, as the committee would probably only be able to obtain a narrow strip. The Open Spaces Committee were no keen after their interests rs the Erincetion Committee were after theirs. The Open Spaces Committee would not be prepared to let the Education Committee have the best cut oat of the niece. _ .

Alderman BOLTON : The land belongs to the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee. Councillor WILK INSON : No, it does not. It may do some day. The Rev. J. DAN' iks : Does it not belong to the ratepayers? (Hear, hear.) Councillor WILKINSON : Yes, we are here to repre- sent the ratepayers and to do the work, The CH AIRMAN : For the moment, the question ILS LO who IS the owner is outside the debate. . . .

------ . Councillor WILKINSON suggested that the Education Committee should take sufficient land to allocate one portion to the children for recreative purposes and another to the adults. _ .

"Aldermanl iio-1.-TOT; You would then require two caretakers.

Alderman JaMes EVANS contended that Al lerman Bennett's proposal would not he any improvement with regard to the school's proximity to the railway. Canon STEVEN,ON hoped due weight would be given to the question in relation to the placing of the school in close proximity hr the railway. At a recent meeting the committee, to his great regret, decided to build one school close to a railway, but he hoped that was not going to be a precedent. He knew the great incon- venience caused by teaching in a noise and strongly protested against the school being put in a noisy situation. Councillor PEMBER TON considered it would be a great mistake to refer the recommendation back. There was a large attendance when it was agreed to. The greater part of the land was to be set apart for a recreation ground and it was for the Town Council to see that such a line open apace—against the enormous cost of which he had repeatedly protested—should not be cut up so that it would be of absolutely no use. The recreation ground should be laid out in such away that it would cost as little as possible to maintain it. They could not hope to please Alderman Bennett. (Laughter.) His ideals were all very well, but they had to view the matter in a prcctical light. After further discussion, Alderman BOLTON said the representatives of the Town Council seemed to have made up their minda that the school should be placed on the site now recommended. He would rather accept that than have another useless " rquabbling match "at the Council meeting. Councillor LOCKER complained that the alternative acheraes had been placed before the committee in a somewhat crude manner. They ought to have more detailed explanations as to dista aces frcm the railway Ac. _ .

The CHAIRMAN said it was extremely important that the committee should obtain the most definite informa- tion auto %het was to be the site of the school finally. The site of a school was a permanency, because when they had once built a school they could not remove it. It was, therefore, of the greatest impartance that it should be put in such a Position that it was likely to give the greatest benefits while it existed. (Hear hear). He still thought there ought to be a consultation between the Sites and Buildings Committee and the committee which represented the Corporation, as the owners of the whole site, with a view to a joint and friendly action to make the best of the land for com- bined purposes. There was no friction between the Education Committee and the Council, and he depre- cated the suggestion that there was any. The Educa- tion Committee were not ins position to make demands. They simply wished the Corporstioo to do abet they , were willing to do, and that was to give them all the , help they could for the purp me for which the Educe. tion committee were in existence, namely, the cause of education.

Aldermen JAMES EVANS : We should ask for a plan, presumably, laying out the recreation part of he ground. Mr. UPSON : An alterastive plan. Alderman JAMES EVAN, : An alternative plan, allocating the spat and showing exactly the divided playgrounds for boys and girls. I feel that we should get the bait we cas for the parpaset of education (ifesr, hear). . . . . . .

Alderman BOLTON suggested the withdrawal of both resolutions, so that the General Purposes Committee could be asked what piece of land they would allow the Education Committee to have, because they (the General Purposes Committee) were the owners of the land. If they decided the committee must have" this or the other piece " the committee must build on the portion they allowed. They could not help themselves. Councillor BELLIAN said he did not think the majority of the Town Council were particular where the school was placed so long as the land was not cat up M a wasteful manner. If the matter was referred back they would be in the same position as before. The CHAIRMAN did not think so, as they could ask the General Purposes Committee for an altersative scheme for the laying out of the land. The minutes and the amendment were then withdrawn. SCHOOL FOR DEFECTIVE CHILDREN. The sub-committee appoiated to consider as to the provision of a special school for physically defective children having vported that the Board of Education considered the site acquired by the committee in Parr-street to be sufficient for the purposes of both a special school and a public elementary school it was on their recommendation resolved," That a special rchool to accommodate lOS physically defective children be erected on the site in Parr-atrest. "

Alderman RENsErr said he wts not ratianed that the site was the beat that could be aelectei. Howley ward was not very healthy Alierman BOLTO,: : I bag to differ. I was born in the ward and lived there nearly all my life.

Aldermen Bira-sagr.—lt is a ward without much that is attractive, much as I respect it. Alderman JAMES EVAN9.—I hope Alderman Bennett will respect it the more now. (Li-lighter.) Alderman Baaarrr.—lt had the good sense to send are to the Council, no I always think well of it. (Largbter. While the Parr-street site is well suited in many ways for the general purpose. of a school, it seems to he hardly an ideal one for a school which is specially intended to give health to defective children. The reboot ought to be in healthier surroundings. Howley is hardly a health resort. (Laughter). Alderman BOLTON : I object to the libelling of Howley Ward. (Laughter.) Alderman BENNETT : What I have raid, I have said (Laughter.)

niE PROPOSED SCHOOL ARCHITECT. Alderman BENNETT, commenting upon the proposal to appoint • school architect, said that if it was intended to effect an economy in that way he was afraid the salary of the architect would have to be somewhat low.

The CHAIRMAN said the report of the sub-committee would come up in due course and then tbe principle involved would have to Fe discerned and settled. Personally be should take a lot of persuading to sup- port the proposition. He should want a great deal of information and would have to rathfled that it was a sound business proposition. At present be was not. Aldermen BENNETr said that if it were proposed to appoint a municipal architect he should be strongly inclined to support it. If by paying an adequate Euo2 they could get a man of distinguished ability to design ' all municipal buildings sod assist in laying out the town on desirable lines, there would be a tremendous amount to be said for it. THE COST OF NEW SCHOOLS.

The sites and Buildings Committee reported that in connection with the Bvelynettreet Council School they had resolved to accept the following tender : Mews. Arlamsez, £lll lOn. ssnitary.fiitings.

a Messrs. Motley and Green, £193, cloakroom fittings. Mr. 11. Bibby, £3ll les., electrical installation. M r.. 1. W. Daniel (of Chorley) .C 203 10E41 )e., ply- repO and fixing of the iron railings and gates. Mr. 111-sO3 said that when the :iota of new schools was placed before the committee, the amount per head appeared very inoderate in comparison with other authorities. He would like to ask whether in the estimated cost t f the Evelyn-street Schools, items like the above were included. If .not, the figures did not carry much weight. Alderman BOLTON: They are all incicded. Thee is also a sum allowed for contingencies and in only one case I believe has it been exceeded. The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FEEDING OF SCHOOL CHILDREN.

The State as Over-Parent.

OR. G. H. ROBERTS, AI P, AT WARRINGTON.

A dement' for the provision of meals for necessitous ' school children was made at a public meeting held in the Co-operative Hall on Monday evening under the auspices of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council and the Socialist Society. Mr. Charles Dukes occupied the chair and the principal speaker was Mr. George H. Roberts, M.P. There were also on the platform, Mr. G. F. Robson, Mr. James Hampson, Mr. John Haley, Mr. and Mrs. Littlearood, Mrs. Robson and Mr. E. Readies. There was a good attendance. The CHAIRMAN said that meeting had been convened to demonstrate the need of feeding necessitous school children. The industrial conditions of the present day were such that very few workers were sure of their work and the means necessary for the maintenance of their families. Speaking as a Socialist, he looked forward to the day when children would be fed at school, whether they were children of the workers or not. It was the present chaos In which we liven, that forced the mother front the home to the factory, and the father to be unemployed and have to tramp to seek work.

Mr. Roisooe, the prospective Toides and Labour candidate for Orford Ward, moved the following resolu- tion to the Education Committee. " Tbat this meeting of burgesses and townspeople of Warrington protests against the decision arrived at re the providing of free mesh for necessitous school children and demands that all the children in whose homes the income is less than 2s. 91 per bead per week, after rent is deducted, shall be provided with free meals." Proceeding he said that prior to the Christmas of 19(8-9 it was discovered by those interested in the movement that between GOO and 700 children in War- rington were starving. A resolution was then moved to the effect that they should be provided with free meals by the School Attendance Committee. The Act was put into force in January 1909 and 220 children were fed. This number, it was proved, were the children of parents who were unable to feed them. The children of widows, the neglected children, and the children of those receiving out-relief were not included. If there were 600 or 700 necessitious children in 1008-9 what would there be now when the cost of living had been going up every week? He %vas only appealing to their manhood. He did not ask for charity but for ju,tice. Those children most be fed and at the cost of the rates. Mr. HA m PsoN, the prospective Socialist candidate for St. John's Ward seconded the resoiution and said that it was a source of anguish to him, every time he saw a child insufficiently clad or fed to think they were living in an age of such ideals and education. He was sorry that the Trades and Labour Council were com- pelled to bring forward such a resolution as that rend that night. There was not a more appalling spectacle is this Christian country than to see a child going to school hungry. It was for them to change entirely the system which created that sort of thing. (Applause.) They as parents were responsible for the lives of the children. It seemed to him that members of the Town Council and the representatives on the Education Com- mittee had not fully realised their duties towards the children of the town in so far as there were children going to school hengry, and they had failed to put the Act into operation. There had beea a statement thst there were 35 children being fed, but if there wan ciely one child that had not sufficient food through the poverty or negligence of its parents, it was the duty of every citizen of the town to see that the child was fed. (AVr. iaG. IL ROBF.RTS, IM P., said that he was proud of the fact that he was member of a small party in the House of Commons that introduced a measure for the feeding of necessitous school children in 19f6. He was son.timee called upon to address Sunday religious gatherings, but he had found that la that small Act of Parliament there was more practical Christianity than was to ba encountered in many of the Christian towns of the country. It was smaeing to him that people who pro- fessed o belief in Christianity should sit no quietly when they had a knowledge that there were thousands of children requiring the necessities of life. It was said that the Labour members were undermining the parental responsibility and destroying the home-life of the country, but he (the speaker) could say that degradation was being removed from society by the fact that they were feeding the little ones. No true man or woman could quietly rest with the knowledge that there were children wanting things with which to live and enjoy life. It was the truest economy that the children should be fed. The children of to-day were the citizens of to-morrow, and unless they were given a respectable start in life it could not be expected that the future State would be an efficient one. He advised them to do as had been done is some of the other towns i.e. to appoint an independent committee. In I this way in one town hundreds of children had been found in need of food when the local authority had stated that there were not any. There were many well- meaning people who tried to cover it over by charity, but they did not want charity. (Hear, bear.) Charity was a curse both to those who received it and to those I who gave it. it was not for the children to be fed by charity but as a matter of right. (Applause.) lithe parents ware unable to feed the children

r LET THE STATE STAND AS AN OVER PARENT to them. The labour party bad recognised this and they were seeking to gain it, by making it compulsory for every local education authority to apply the Aot. They would not rest content until they knew that every local education authority was charged with that responsi- bility and could be called to account if it was found that any child had been neglected and the authority had failed t a carry out its duty. It was said that the working classes were getting too restless and dissatis- fied. He knew that they were not in Warrington, but he had aiked himself if the people of Warrington had yet learned to live. Its thooght a great many of them had not fouad how beautiful life might really hr. If they had,they would not tolerate the things thattbey now

did. The sight of starving children and people working their hardest and the fact that education was more sad more wide and thst economic knowledge was made easy of acquisition by the working clissea went to show that poverty was not due to insufficiency but to the fact that the products the wmking chums made were taken to the already well•filled homes instead of lo the homes of the working men. God never made rich and poor—only male and female—and the labour party were asking where were His common gifts going to ? The gifts that should go for the tnlightment and bappinesa of the people went to the landlords. Tt was

CIiARITY WAS SPCRXRD and right and justice demanded. (Applause). The great struggle at the present tine was that capital was claiming that it must bare a large return while labour must be content with the leavings—that the working classes should be compelled to accept a wage that was not a living wage. It svas a positive denial of the right to live. They were out to demand the right to live and they were out to see that the child should be assured of that right. The children ought to live in a state of perfect content and freedom. The happenings of the past few weeks, despite the riots and disorder, went to show that the nation was waking and it was going to be all the better for that waking. (Applause). What they were suffering from was not the lack of wealth but the unfair distribution of it, and it was their manhood tut demanded a fair value for their labour. While the cost of living had increased by ten per ecent. the increase of wages had been one per cent. Th

STRI.KIC OF VIF; AIL,, AN lIEN

went to show what a tremendous force they were and how dependent we were upon them. It was the public who employed the railwaymen and not the companies and it was for us to see that the railwaymen got a living wage. We could not allow the railways to be in the hands of such unscrupulous companies and the only way out of the difficulty was for us to fully exercise our rights as employers by seeing that the nation assumed the control of them. r.‘pplause.) We were the only nation in the world that tolerated private companies exploiting transit, and we might be in the grip, before many years were past, of It great combine. lie believed that a plentiful expenditure, so long as it was wise and judicious, could not be better incurred than by feeding and clothing the country. It was the wisest economy to feed the little children and it was the first human right that ought to be estab- lished. He was

300 RY THAT THE CHURCHES WERE NOT REPRESENTED there that night. It was no wander that they failed to attract the working-class people when they would rather be found among the higher cleesee. In their failure to appreciate that great social movement they were lessening, and rightly so, their grip upon the people of the country. lle wanted them to realise that if a chill should be wanting food to-day it was theirs (the people's) past failures that had caused it, and it could only be altered if they watched their chance at the next election. If they failed to see the Act pat into operation,they failed to consider the little children, and it was almost a crime to he satisiled with the cond- tions at present in our midst. (Applause). The resolution was then put to the meeting and was carried unanimouely.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
HOUSE FURNISHING.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
CHOICE OF WORK.

PROPOSED JUVENILE EMPLOYMENT EXCHANGE.

Trade Unions' Apprentice Restrictions.

There was an interesting discussion et the meeting of the Warrington Education Committee, on Monday on a , proposal to help children just leaving school to obtain !suitable work, by establishing a juvenile employment ' exchange. The Choice of Employment Sub-committee reported : It having been reported that the resolutions of this committee in regard to the draft ncheme in connection with juvenile employment had been withdrawn by the Chairman of the Education Committee at the meeting of the Town Council on the 4tb July, 1911, the com- mittee again considered the scheme, together with a circular letter from the Board of Education stating that the Board would be prepared to make I.ocal Authorities grants in aid of the expenses of the Juvenile Employment Exchanges, the committee decided to re-affirm their previous decis one and resolved, that the provisional scheme drawn up dealing with this matter be approved and ba submitted to the Education Committee for adoption. The scheme deals with children leaving school and young persons up to the age of seventeen. It was also resolved," That, before the foregoing scheme is submitted to the Board of Education for approval, the Divisional Officer of the Board of Trade and a representative of the Board of Education be invited to meet this committee for the purpose of discussing the scheme with them." Mr. UPSON, in moving the confirmation of the minutes, said he understood that the resolutions were withdrawn by the Chairman of the Education Com• mittee at the Council meeting, mainly on the ground that there had been a suspicion that this was a cost that ought to be borne by the taxpayer and not by the ratepayer. Some members of the Town Council thought the work it was proposed tn do might be legitimately done by the labour bureau. In reply to that he wanted to ray that the minutes committed them to no expenditure whatever, the word "pro- visional" had been inserted in the resolution, which wonld prevent any action being taken on the minutes until the scheme had been submitted to the committee and adopted by the Town Council. The tendency of the time and the trend of legislation was to put the control of the children more and more in the bands of the education authorities. They had at the present time bot only the education of the children as mach to consider, but they fed the hungry ones, medically attended the weak ones, and were going to dentally treat them as well. They also insisted upon the children going to ached reasonably well fed and clothed and clean in person and clothing, so that their function was very much wider than that of imparting instruction or giving education. Daring the ago of adolescence they were also beginning to obtain control over the child. They were providing the evening continuation schools, and they hoped in a short time they would have more power still in the direction of seeing that the youth between 13 and 17 should haves fuller and better training for his life's work than he had at present. In all direc- tions there was a tendency for the local education authority to control and direct the life not only of the child but of the adolescent. Now they were giving attention to the employ- , meet of the scholars when they left school. ' That question had created a great deal of interest and ! voluntary associations had been formed to advise parents as to the occupations their children should pursue. That wan widely advocated an a remedy for unemployableness. Beading with the matter in its ! relation to the State, Mr. Upson referred to the dis- cussions chi h bad taken place as to thather the Board of Education or the Board of Trade wee the proper authority to have control of the work. When the Choica of Employment Act (19:0) had been paused a memorandum wee issued to the effect that the local authorities were to advise parents and children in the choice of emplos meat, and the labour exchanges should be responsible for Vs work of registration. Since the Tows Connell discussed the local scheme, the position had been modified by the issue rf • new circular from the Board of Education, providing that part of the expense to which an authority might be put in regal. 1 to seleries, shall be borne by the Board of Education in the making of a grant. Therefore, the question of expense hardly came in at all. Ile gathered

from the valuable report recently prepared by the Director of Education that they had roughly about 8.50. children leaving school every year. and a very large proportion would be found occupations by their parents. A small number, perhaps 30 or 40 per cent, would come under the operations of the committee, and they would be advised, not by an official expressly appointed for the purpose, and who would form Cu additional official in their administrative employ, but the Director said the work could be no allocated among his staff that no additional officer would be required. They would only have to deal with, perhaps, 200 or 300 cases a year. The Board of Education bad given authorities up to Christ- mas, 1911, to put the Act into operation. Possibly after that time the formation of committees would be compulsory. They in Warrington prided themselves upon being a progressive authority and they did not want to be driven to do such a thing. They proposed now to take a step which would have very valuable functions regarding the adolescent in his strugille for existence and in the preparation for his life in the future. Liverpool had already adopted a similar , scheme. I Mr. KING DON reconded.

Councillor BELLIAN said many things in the proposed echeme would be absolutely worthlese and as much of the work and expense was bound to fall upon the Corporation, he should want to know what the cost would be. He agreed as to the desirability of doing something to ensure that children should be placed in suitable situations on leaving school, bat in carrying out the work on the lines proposed there was suns to he over-lapping. The fact that the Board of Educatiom had agreed to meet a portion of the cost showed that his recent opposition was justified. Alderman BOLTON complainef that the Town Council was not adequately represented on the Committee which would be responsible for the working of the scheme. He admired the scheme itself but he feared it was not to be carried out on sufficiently broad lines. Alderman BENNETT agreed with Alderman Bolton'', point as to the representation of the Town Council, but he emphatically endorsed the general principle of the proposals. It was time we introduced some little system in our industrial affairs. We had been blunder- ing along from chaos to chaos too long. and it seemed to him that the whole atmosphere of modern life tended to a scientific readjustment of questions of capital and labour. Councillor PEMBERTON did not see that the scheme would be of 507 practical use. We were suffering from too many fads in education already, and many of the schemes of present-day educationists 'imply led us into a cot-de-soc. The committee could

do everything they pr-to-ph;ed,Yrat—te; could not make a job for a man. In the trades with which be was connected the trade anions determined how many apprentices there should be in a given trade, and for a committee to net out to find jobs would be so absolute waste of public money. He would use all his influence to prevent a single penny being spent on the scheme. What did they want besides the labotir bureau. which was already in existence, with its ofticiars with very little to do? it appeared to be another attempt on the part of the Board of Education to create posi- tions for which the ratepayers would have to pay salaries. The signs of the tirnes were thot thy trade unions were going to dictate still more as to the apprentices they would have in their businesses. Large numbers of men were bound to become labourers surf only expandine trade could create more work. The scheme showefl the danger of unpractic.rl men, who might have the best intentions in the world, takinz ro such questions. They moat have some idea that aq boys could become bank tnauagers, architects ur chemists ; but they would still require somebody to sweep the streets and act as tram-guards. If everybody had a University education they would still require scavengers. (" Th•y would do the work better.") That was not his experience with labourers. He would rather have a man with big muscles to carry bricks up n ladder than a man with a big head and no body. (Laughter). There were plenty of educated kola. (Laughter). He protested against the constant tendency of legislation to force more expense on to municipalities which were already aver-burdened with rates.

I —.Aldermen JAMES EVANS :1 It note fact that the working of the labour bureau ha been disappoiatiog, as far as the unemployed are concerned. The CH AIRMAN : I enenOt be expected to exprma an opinion on that. We are not discussing the labour bureaU.

--Aldermen Ev sNs said the new scheme would menu more expense for which he did not think thee was at present justification. He did not see how the educa- tion authorities and the Board of Trade were going to provide employment. it was true they might employ a staff and have an office, but whether they would be able to find suitable situations for children was another matter. He knew of cases in Warrington crierv, children had been taken away from suitable jobs with bad results, and the Education Committee were some- what to blame in that direction. He knew of a case la which a girl had been taken from a situation as nurse. where she was being well fed, and sent home, where she was ill fed, because the committee d:d not think it. a " suitable piece." Mr. PLisains advised Councillor Pemberton to wait and see what the scheme was before be criticized it ; and in repty to Alderman James Evans he could quote cases innumerable where parents had corns before the committee with a child of thirtren simply because of poverty, and where their advice to weft a week or two before accepting a certain place had seen attended by the best results. They had been thanked more than, once for their advice and assistance in getting batter places for children. They all understood the folly of some extreme trade unionists—it wins suicidal policy —but by a scheme of this nature the parents of children got into touch with the school teachers end masters prior to their reaching the age of thirteen. A consulta- tion with the committee, on which Viers were repre- sentatives of labour, ensued—a step which gore them e better system than they had to-day. Ile ssw in the scheme grest possibilities of usefulness at a small expense. Councillor PENIIIERTON said he had not blamed the trade unions for what they were doing. They had a right to protect their own wage% and positi ins, and not to allow their trades to be boded, if they could help it. The CH AIRM AN : Every trade unionist in the House of Commons supported this Bill. This he continued, was a tentative scheme. Its only virtue was that it would pat into being an organizatioe of a deSnite character to deal with children as they left school, to seat at those dues:its who were not ins position either by social influence or otherwise to get their children into suitable positions, and to prevent them losing three or four of the most important years in their lives daring which their characters ought to los forming. Mr. Ursos, replying to tits discussion, raid the Board of Trade were the first antho-ity to recognize- that their arrangements had broken down as regarded juvenile employment and that the labour bureaux had not met the necessities of the case.

The resolution was carried by a large mejority. • GOLF.

WARRINGTON CLUB BOGEY COMPETITION. This competition took plea oil Saturday. Scores flir Di VISION. E L Robiamoo H H Ewer,' J B Handley . H L Holden E A Connor L Psi rolough MBrady ....—.— ................ G W S Dutton 7 „ SLCOND DIV I .1 T Knowles 5 dawn J II Clarks .In. Fairclough

===== 0002601_19110923_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH AFFAIRS. NOTES FOR IRISH READERS.

THE STRIKE IN IRELAND.

We are not without a certain suspicicn that the trouble in the Irish railway industry this week will be used for political capital, and therefore it may be worth wbile to consider the strike somewhat fully. As a general rule, the strikes of any consequence which have occurred in Ireland have been due to the tidal wave of industrial agitation in England. The unrest to-day, however, finds its storm centre in Ireland itself. When they struck a month ago, the Irish workers were influenced but little by their own grievance; the impelling motive being their close union and sympathy with the English railway workers, who had declared a general strike. In the present instance, the Irish railwaymen themselves have taken the initiative and the outlook from any pointed of view is somewhat dis- turbing. The trouble has its origin in that recent upheaval which dominated the public mind in the feverish holiday season just closed. Following upon the dock strike of June and July last, a series of disputes arose between a number of the timber merchants of Dublin and their employees. These disputes remain unsettled to-day and a large number of timber yards are closed in consequence. The chief point at issue is the vexed and much debated question of recognition of the men's unions, , which has taken the same shape as the analogous Wexford dispute. The masters, in a Gilbertian role of acting in union them- selves whilst repudiating that right on the I men's part, have now come to the point of admitting the men's right to combine, but object to the particular union which the men desire to join. A deadlock arising, certain I of the timber merchants secured outside labour and employed this to bring their consignments to the railway stations. At the Kingsbridge station, the goods men refused to handle the goods of one of these firms. Let it oa noted that this action in striking was not in any way pre-arranged, and there was no authority whatever from the officers of the railway unions. It was one of those spontaneous, undisciplined outbursts which betoken a grim determination on the part of the often ill-requited workers to fight hard and long if need be for a better lot and and a brighter life. As in England, this simmering discontent has overwhelmed the resisting officials of the unions, who, what- ever Lord Claud Hamilton may say or think, are seldom found " leading " for a strike, and realising that they cannot stem the undisciplined outbreak, have wisely enough decided to try and lead it with due restraint. SOME ROOT CAUSES.

The position in Ireland is quietly sugges- tive of some of the evils which lie at the very root of Irish life to-day. If you look all over Ireland at this moment when a strike is progressing towards the imminent starvation state of its capital city, where do you find a mouthpiece of the public interest ? That there is a public interest is vividly manifest in the paralysis of the whole transport system, with the exception of the Dublin and South-Eastern Railway. Were the public interest represented in the government of Ireland, some serious attempt at accommo- dation would have been made long since, before the timber trade dispute had reached the point of interfering with the transit workers. A Home Rule Executive respon- sible to a Parliament of the Irish people could not long have abstained from intervening. But Dublin is a long way from Whitehall and we are not without a sense of the psychology of distance. A trade dispute in a Dublin timber yard scarcely ruffles the surface of the English Departments at Westminster and, as anybody who knows Ireland would instantly agree, Dublin Castle is hardly the place to resort to for industrial conciliation. Another point of interest and suggestion is the re-action of this Irish strike upon the English railways. The English strike, arising similarly out of a local dispute which in turn had its affiliations with the dockers' strike,brought out the Irish workers. Unless the new industrial solidarity is intended to work only one way, it would seem logical to expect the Irish strike to bring out the English workers. Should English rail- ways become involved, the men would be in a strong position; the Dublin timber merchants would probably find a heavier pressure, in view of the enormous interests at stake, brought to bear on them than was experienced by the Liverpool Tramways Committee. We must "wait and see" once more, but those who are interested in the growing need for international brotherhood and infiustrial solidarity, will look on this disconcerting strike of the Irish railway workers with special interest.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS-COUNTRY RUNNING.

The devotees of this clean and healthy sport are preparing for an important season which will be officially opened in this district by the monstre meet of the West Lancashire Association which takes place at tbe headquarters of the Snored Heart Harriers, St. Helens, on October 7th. The Olympic Council bare Included in the list of events to be decided at Stock- tolme, Sweden, in 1912, between July 6th and 15th a cross-country race of about 8,000 metres (approxi- gostely 5 miles) start and finish In the stadium, maximum number of competitors from each nation 12. Indtvidusl and team prizes will be awarded. In the team competition the respective places of the first three men from each side will be added together, and the team having the lowest aggregate number of points will be declared the winner. In the event of a tie the total time taken by the scoring three of each team shell decide." How many locals intend to try for a place in the British team which will provide the chanca to compete for the title of World's champion? The West Lancashire and Liverpool District Associa- tion held their joint annual general meeting at Liver- pool on Thursday last when the following resolution was carried : "'chat the interests of cross-country running in this district be managed in future by the W.L.C.C.A. and that the affairs of the L. a: D.C.C.A be 'merged into the W.L.C.O A." This step was deemed desirable to avoid the expense of running two associa- tions where one should suffice. The following officials were elected for the ensuing season : President, Mr T H Blair (Liverpool Harriers) vice-presidenta, Messrs T Ashton (Sacred Heart), A Bailie (War. ington A.C.), 0 H Boothman (Liverpool Gymnasium), W Cooper (West Cheshire), A G Nicholson (Wallasey A.C.) and W Teylor (St Helios Eteca) ; bon secretary, H N Ellis; hon. treasurer, A Davies; bon auditors, W Collett and H H Herbert. Delegates to the Northern Cross Country Association, Messrs Bailie, Boatsmen, Cooper, Ellis, IL J Lyon and Nicholson. The resignations of Runcorn Holy Trinity and Waterloo Harriers were acsepted and Farnworth were struck off—leaving a membership of 27 clubs. A new code of rules is to be drawn op and preeented together with the balance sheet at a later meeting when the bolding of a novice team race eariy in Dacember will also he considered.

The Warrington Athletic Club will hold their annual general meeting at the Royal Oak Branch on Thursday next at 7.30 p.m, when all members We ',quested to attend, se in addition to the election of officers, head- quarters, Az., the details of the winter and summer piogramme are of vital interest to all athletes within 10 miles of the borough of Warrington.

The West Ridiug Standing Joint Committee has decided to organize a reserve police force of 400 men who will receive a retainer of not more than £5 a year sod pay of from ss. to Sas city for emergency work. At the request of the London Trades Council the local Trades and Labour Council in Manchester again showed their opposition to the Insurance Bill, endors- ing a reaolution from the first-named society asking for he withdrawal of the measure.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY " OVALIST "

PAPAKISRA TO PLAY TO-DAY.

Warrington created a sensation in N rthern Union c:rcles when they imported Stantz from Australia, and their enterprise led to a revision of the rules i regarding colonid players. They may be said to have I gone one better this week by signing on '' Dick" Papsknia, a Maori chieftain and one of the finest full- backs in the world. Mr. kshton made somewhat of a stir last Saturday when he appeared on the stind with the dark-skinned athletic looking Maori, but only preliminary negotiations had been completed then. The player was willing, but Warrington hive since obttined permission t play 1:1;in by cabling the New Zealand Union. Papakura will certainly turn out to day at Wilderspool, taking Fletcher's place at full- back an I probtbly having a trial also at the centre p

The famous Maori footballer has not been imparted direct from New Zealand, but only from the Crystal Palace, where he was one of the leading figures in the Maori village. fie male a great reputation in Australasia as fu I back, and captained the Maori team which toured Australia with great success during 1910 and also played against tne N.C. tAiring team in 1910. Men like Shusars and Johnston, who have seen him play, spe k -highly of Papakura's skill and vigour. He is a finely-built man with exceptional muscu'ar development and a solid weight of II stones for his five feet ten inches.

Con hardly be expected that Papakura will be in first-class form until he has had some practice, but as • teetotaller and non-smoker he is a man always in the condition known as '' fit ' and should soon be at home again in the football field.

None of my readers must jump to the conclusion that Papakura is an uneducated native. On the contrary he is a well-educated man, an excellent conversationalist and a capital writer. I hope and expect that he sill be a credit to the team in all res ,ects.

Papakura will have the di•tinetion of being the first native foitballer to play in England under Northern Union rules.

I had a chat with Papakara yesterday afternoon, just after he had signed the various papers necessary, for becoming a Northern League player, and found him lo.ating forward with keen inteiest to donning the jersey again. In reply to a question as to fitness, he said he was a 'bit heavy, and would take a week or two to get into condition. He was thankful it was only a "light" match to-day, though no one enjoyed a keen game more, he said.

Papakara said he played five times against the English N U. team in 1910, twice at Sydney and three times in New Zealand. Be confirmed, with an amused smile, the narrative that in one match he scored a try from frel back, and completed the feat by jumping over W. Batten's head.

As usual, the contest between Warrington and Hull was full of good football and afforded much satisfac- tion to a large crowd. Warrington had a difficult task to defeat the Third Port-mm, and when the visitors got an early lead of five p ,ints there were not many people who would have laid guineas to gooseberries on Warrington's ultimate success. The locals how- ever, showed more grit than they did at St. Helens, and after levelling matters up by half-time, they final'y got the lead and secured full points in an important match.

On the whole, I think Hull were rather a smarter team than Warrington, but their one weak spot happened to be Warrington's strength and this turned the scale in favour of the Wirepullere. It was at half- back where Warrington gained the day. Brooks was iu magnificent form and finding a weak pair opposed to him, he made full use of his weight and p ice. The way he broke away from the pack and raced clear has ryit been seen since the season of the Kangaroos' last visit, when the Warringtn man gained international honours and wad considered the best half in the Union. It is a happy co-incidence that the arrival of the second Australian team finds Brooks once more in form. The marvel is that he was so much inferior dating the whole of last season and never once gave a display approaching that on Saturday, or the one against Leigh.

Wsrrington's great nee' is, as everybody is aware, a class threequarter hoe. Woodburn is the only , player in the present quartette who is really up to standard, And one misses the fast running and smart combination of the Warrington threequart-rs of old With the Hull threequarters behind the Warrington halves on Saturday there would have been tries galore. As it was it took Warrinton all their time to win, and the result was largely due to the single- handed tuns of Brooks, and his tricky partner, Matt Creevey. Warrington's scoring power is about half what it ought to be, and until we get threequarters of 1, the right kind it will not improve. There are possi- bilities about a line composed of Woodburn, Frawley, Papakura and Waywell, if we can only get it ! The Warrington forwards did some fine, bustling work in the loose last Saturday, but they failed again and again to get the ball out of the scram smartly. Then: is something radically wrong with the scrummage work, and in each match this season the opponents have had possession about twice as often as the Wirepullers. The only remedy, it seems to me, is to graduilly draft new blood into the forward division until we get six men who give satisfaction. There are obviously one or two men in the Warrington pack who do not like geiting their heads down and " grafting." Time will weed diem out, especially as there are some promising youngsters coaling on !

By the way, what bas come over Johnston ? Be was in very poor form last Saturday. Another man who has disappointed so far is Skelltora.

A word of praise is left for Tilley, who again gave a fine display on the defence.There were anxious moments occasionally when the speedy Hull wings came tearing down the field, but the veteran was never found wanting. Lk of speed prevents him playing the modern game, but on the defence Tilley takes some beating. Clarksol struck me as having deteriorated eince he left Leigh, who certainly have a much finer back in Dolewski. Mclntyre was among the spectators

on Saturday. Tbis is not the proper place for a young player with ability and ambitition !

Warrington have a very busy week end before them and I am none too sanguine about the results of the visits to Barrow today, and Huddersfield on Monday. ' We loot both matches last season, and the relative strength of the teams has not altered much. A victory on Barrow soil is not too much to ho pe for, and it would be very encouraging for the small band of enthusiasts who propose to go to Huddersfield on Monday.

The team for to-day is :—Tilley, full bock ; Woodburn, Unsworth, taylor and Bradshaw, three- quarters; Broke and Creevey, hslf-backs ; Johnston, Shugars, Thomas, Chester., Naylor and Bsocklehnrst, forwards. It will bs noted that one of the most promii,ing of the young forwards is promoted, and that Taylor gets the preference over Dickenson.

The "A " team will be :—Fletcher, full back ; Clare, Carter, Critchley and Shakeshaft, three- quarters ; Lloyd and Daintith. half backs; Arnold Trainer, Bradshaw, Harmer, Green and Skelhom, forwards. Some interest will be taker) in the appear- ance of Arnold (who has been ill) and Tranter, a well- built junior from P. A K. who has just signed on. The Northern League table up to date is as follows; For. Against. Per- P. W. L. D. O. T. P. G. T. P. &liege Wigan Widnes St. Helena- 3 3 0 0... 7 38... 1 3 11 10000 Keighley Halifax Oldham 4 3 1 0... 818 70.- 11 11 55 7700 Wakefield T 3 2 1 0... 7 15 69... 6 3 21 64-66 Hull K. it 3 2 1 0... 19 5 35... 2 8 13 6646 Hunset 3 2 1 0... 9 12 54... 5 1 13 66.66 Hudderand 3 2 1 0... 8 14 58... 4 7 29 66•66 Dewsbury 3 2 1 0... 5 5 23... 3 4 18 6600 Warrington 2 1 0... 4 6 26... 5 5 25 65.66 Broughton' 3 2 1 0... 4 1 11... 5 3 19 66.66 Rochdale II 3 2 1 0... 7 5 29... 1 5 17 65.66 Leeds 4 2 2 0... 7 5 59... 12 18 78 50 00 York 2 1 1 0... 4 3 17... 6 7 33 5000 Hull 5 '4 3 0... 13 22 90... 5 11 43 40-00 Batley Salford 3 2 0... 3 6 24... 7 7 35 3313 Runcorn Harrow Brumley Coventry Swinton 3 3 0... 2 2 10... 8 6 34 0000 Leigh 3 3 0... 8 5 27... 8 9 43 0000 Bradford - 10 16 68 0000 Ebbw Vale 4 4 0... 6 4 24... 18 22 08 00'00

To-day's matches are : Barrow v. Warrington. Batley v. Bradford. York v Bromley. Bull v. Broughton. Rochdale v. Dewsbury. Swinton v. Ebbw Vale. Leeds v. Halifax.

Huddersfield v. Oldham. Keighley V. Hull Kingstao. Wakefield v. Hunslet. Leigh v. Salford. St. Helens v. Runcorn. Widnes v. Wigan.

' 'l. v.P111.14 i tb • t . .. . , s+. ' , 1 tA .1. *- ' t*, 10 vl` ;i.' •4. • 1 _ . iN

PAPAKURA. THE FAMOUS MAORI FULL-BACK.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

Results of Saturday's Matches. NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

O.T.P. O. T. P Obihsm 3 7 21 Leeds 0 3 9 Hunslet 2 5 19 Huddersfield ... 0 0 0 Warrington Halifax Wakefield Trinity 2 3 13 Dewsbury 0 0 0 Salford Widnes Keighley Wigan Bramley St. Helens Hull Kiegaton R. 4 1 11 Batley Broughton Rang. 2 0 4 Ebbw Vale

LANCASHIRE COMBINATION. Broughton ILA. 6 Wilon Highfleld 1 1 5 Wien A —33 Leigh A. Warrington A 4 6 26 Alillom 1 3 11 St. Helens A ' —— 17 Swinton A 6 Widnes A Salford A 1 1 5 Leigh Sh'ineok3 1 0 2

===== 0002601_19110923_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Winning Again. Hull Defeatad After a Fine Game.

The visit of the Hull team to Warrington is always loolked forward to with interest, and there wa4, comes nuently, a capital crowd of 7,000 at Wilderspool on Saturday. Beautiful weather again prevailed and a fine, fast game was witnessed between well-matched teams. Both aides fielded their chosen thirteens, nod the teams and officials lined out as folio as :

- back ; H Brachhaw, R Unswortb, 0 Dickenson, and W Woodburn, three. quarter backs ; fil Creevey and E Brookes, half backs ; M Johnston, F Shuns, J W Cheaters, A Skelhoro, A Naylor, and G Thomas, forwards. Hull—E Clarkson, back ; A Francis, J Devereux, Rogers and E Rogers, three-quarter backs ; H Wallace and F Battersby, half backs ;0 Connell, T Herridge, A Allen, It Tailor F Boyle. and W Holden, forwards. . .

Referee, Mr Ci F Dickenson' Halifax; touch judges, Messrs W Yates, Runcorn, an,i W Johnson, Salford. Warrington wee the toss, and with wind and eon behind them they soon forced the Hull men to their own quarter. Brooks and Creevey got the ball out smartly, and ilradshaw mode a praiseworthy dash down the touch-line but was well tackled at the corner by E. Rogers. Keen scrummaging closely followed, and dohuton tried to force his way over but was held. Francis changed the scene in a twinkling by snapping up a Warrington pass and racing away to centre where Creevey and Woodburn brought him down. Hull now seemed to find their feet and smart play by the hacks harrassed the home defence. Devereaux and Francis got away at a fine speed, and after exchange passing the centre shok off a tackle by Dickensan and grounded near the pasts, for E. Rogers to add an easy goal. Tale was a serious set-back for the locals, wha at ome set about reduciag the lead. Fine work in the loose by Cheaters, Naylor, and Skelhorn resulted in the capture of Devereaux in his own quarter, and a hot attack was set up. Brooksand Creevey tried hard to get through, and Johnston buttered a promising pass. Hull gradually worked back to centre, but Brooks at last got away with a dashing run. The Hull halves failed to stop him, and when near the line Brooks parted to Creevey who drew Clarkson and then threw across to Woodburn. The latter secured smartly and dashed over at the corner, but f riled to adds goal. Warrington kept up a lively pace and Clarkson was grassed by Woodburn who robbed him of the ball and bad ruu round the pouts as the whistle sounded for a penalty against Hull. This WU unlucky for Warrington, but they were having the better of the game and when 0 Rogers tried to clear with a weak pant, Tilley replied with a flue drop from centre which sent the ball over the bar and equalised the scores. Half-time War- rington, 1 goal 1 try (5 points) ; Hull, 1 goal I try (5 points). The resumption band Warrington still in deters mined mood and a great run by Brooks nearly resulted in another try. Clarksoa cleared to centre but there was no holding the Warrington halves, sod Brooks going away again with rare dash sent C ) over at the corner with a grand try, which ' Thomas could not improve. Hull cautioned to defend, but after Unswortb had been well checked, the visitors made headway. Twice E. Rogers got away and raced half the length of toe field but Tilley tackled well and the home line was held este. Hull were aggressive, but the Warrington defence was excellent and Dickinson finally cleared the invaders out. Bradshaw and Thomas got away finely on the right and ran down to Clarkson, but the wing man was adjudged forward when a certain score was imminent. There was little of further incideat iu the game, Warrington having rather the best of matters, and being largely helped by Tilley's fine punting in the rear. Final Warrington 1 goal 2 tries (I! points) ; Hull, 1 goal 1 try 15 ',pinta).

- - RUNCORN v. WIDNES. HOME BACKS WEAK. This local Derby attracted a splendid gate to the Irwell-lane ground. In the first half Runcorn were dietinctly the better side, and for the greater part of the time congaed the " Chemicals" to their own half. Their play, however, lacked finish, but not so with Widnes, who made the most of the chances that came their way, sad the ti' obtained by Swinton came as , the result of I good peeling bout, Swinton racing under the goal-posta for Jones to fail. Widnes had the mis- fortune to lose Lswa, who fell awkwardly when on the lids, breaking a rib. is spite of being handicapped in this way, however, Widnes greatly improved in their play in the second half, potting up a much better show than the home team. Swinton WIL4 again responsible for a brilliant try for securing in his own "25," he raced three-quarters the length of the field, scoring for Jones again to fail with the goal-kick. Taylor increased the led by a well-placed penalty goal from the half- way-line, and Lally picked up smartly front a scrum- mage and dropped • nice goal from ten yards' range. Result :—Widnes 2 goals 2 tries (10 points), Runcorn ail. Teams : _ _ .

Runcorn—Shsw, back ; Csuley, Stevenson. O'Kell and Woods, three-quarter becks ; Lewis and Watton, half backs : Peacock, Williams, Richardson, Tickle, Walker and Padbury, forwards. Widises—J ones, back ; Swinton, Reid, Taylor and Laws, three-quarter backs; Lally and O'Gara, half bscke • C Aspey, S Aspay, Johnsoo, Lloyd, McCar thy and Rigby. forwards. Referee, Mr W II Wood, Huddersfield.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
SWINTON v. ST. HELENS : HOME TEAM'S WEAK DEFENCE.

Played et Swinton, before 3,000 spectators, a very fast and open game resulting. Swinton had rather the best of the opening stages, and twice Gri(?lth failed by narrow margins to lower the " Saints'" goal. The opening score came through Prearott, efter a fine burst of the visitors' front rank. Tuttill's kick at goal went close, hitting the upright,. Swinton's defensive play was woefully weak, and Briers was awarded a try after ' floe work on the pert of Flanagan. This time Turtill safely landed the points. Swinton then rallied, and a really good try was registered by " Jack " Wharton. the extra points being also secured by (lriffiths. Resuming with a lead of three points, St. Helens played up strongly. Bamford put in a really lire effort to break through his opponent's defence, being brought down near the line by Turtill and Barton. In the cloning stases Swinton were very much over-played. One movement looked like going In favour of the " Lions " until Prescott snapped up a puns from Grifli lin end moored easily for Barton to improve the point. Result —St. Helena 2 goals and 3 tries 13 points), Swinton I goal and I try 5 pointy). Teams and officials

Swinton.—Drifilths, back ; Bamford, .1 D Wharton, Emus and Mortis, threermarter becks ; J B Parker and Dai Davies. half becks ; J Bailey, W Preston, C Handel}, McVeigh, Gartrell, and Blears, forwards. St. Helens.—Turtill, back ; Flanagan, J Greenwood, Molyneux, and T Barton, threequarter back,; Scholes and Trenwith, half backs ; Briers, McVitie, Pope, bee, Butterfield, and Prescott, forwards. Referee, Mr W W Taylor, Hunslet. Touch idges, Messrs H Bull, Wigan and F Turner, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRIN, TOS "A" v. MlLLo}l.—The •• A " team accomplished a smart performance at Millom on Saturday, when they beat the locals by 26 points to 11 be!ore a good crowd. Millom started the game, and Clare returned well to half-way were War.i, the home full-back, was Melded with the ball. From the first scrum Warrington gat poasession and Lloyd started paseirg which ended in Clare scoring a good try, Daintitla adding the goal. Millom played up well but Carter securing in the loose beat Ward and scored under the posts, for Daintith to kick another goal. Then Millom had a turn, and Rees passed to Young, who scored near the posts, but Ward failed at goal. Warrington continued to have the better of the game, the backs handling and running very well. Tries were scores by Clare 2, Carter 1, Povey I, Daintith 1, and Harmer 1. Young, Price and Shelton scored for Milk:ll,6nd Ward kicked a goal. Final : Warrington "A " 4 goals, 6 tries (23 points), Millom 1 goal, 3 tries It points).

MANCHESTER AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE v. RYLANDS RECREATION.

This match was played at Ashton-under-Lyne on Saturday. The home team are a now organization this season and their forces have been drawn from many quarters. A good game was witnessed and eventually the Ashton men won by one goal one try to nil, the winning try being scored by Lavery, the Colo&al three-qurrter.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S CRICKET SEASON.

It is many years since cricketers have beenl favoured with such an ideal minion as the one to which they have just reluctantly bidden good-bye. The Warrington Club took full advantage of the remark- able succession of brilliantly fine Saturdays, and although the season was not conspicuous for great achievements, some highly interesting cricket was seen and the record, on the whole, does credit to the club. It must be borne in mind that the batting department was considerably weakened by T. Wtight's transference of allegiance to Earlestown at a comparatively early stage and another severe handicap was imposed by the indisposition and consequent absence from numerous matches of the Rev. Horace Gray. The highest individual score of the season falls to the credit of W. Richardson who at Stockport made the splendid not out innings of 123 That match was also notable for Warrington's best batting record-259 for the loss of seven wickets. The hest batting average is secured by J. W. Pearson who has shown consistently good form, and one of chief events was J. Callon's sparkling exhibition against Ashton-under-Lyne, his 117 being free from blemish. Youthful talent has been well to the fore, G. Woodcock, a promising Botelerian, distinguishing himself with a masterly innings of ti.lagainst Blackley although he fell off a little towards the close of the' season and was log before wicket thrice in succession. Stanley Partidge did splendid work with bat and ball. The bowlers had not much opportunity ou an excep- tionally dry wicket, but Pestell and W Bennett, who shared the burden of the wok, did well under trying conditions. Mr. Silcock together with his deputy, IR. W. Richardson, have ably led the team and Duckworth has many titian kept wicket in capital style. The details of the season's play are appended : April 22nd.—Wstrington, 38 for three wickets; rain stopped play April 290:I.—Warrington, 110 ; Boughton Hall, 66 for Dee wickets May rah.—Warrington, 81 • Ashton-under-Lyne, 40 May 13th.—Warrington, 13.8 for six wicket,. (innings declared) ; St. Helens Recreation, 91 for three wickets , May 20th.—Warrington, 259 for reran wickets (innings declared) ; Stockport, 127 far three wickets

May-2717t7Worrington, 116; Winnington Park, 63 May 29:b.—Manchester, 20 for seven wickets (innings doctoral) ; Warrington. 115 June 3d.—Warrington, 83; Sd e, 91 for six wicket June sth.—Warrington, 130 ; Bootle, 0 June 10th.—Manchester, 187 ; Warrington. 111 June 170.—Earlestown, 55; Warrington 95 . . .

July lst.—Earlestowo, 116 ,• Warrington, 11l July sth.—St. Helens, 222 for seven wickets (innings declared) ; Warrington, 216 for four wickets July BLll.—Cheethern, 2J4 for four wickets (innings declared) ; Warrington, 117 July 1311.—Boughton Hall, 175 ; Warrington, 172 for four wickets July 15th.—Stockport, 00 ; Warrington, 120 for eight wickets July 22nd.—Ashton-under-Lyne, 119 ; Warrington 247 for eight wickets. July 29th.—Warrington, 178 ; Blackley, 179 for noel wickets Aug. 121h.—Warrington, 181 for sin wickets (innings declared) ; Northern Zingari, 118. Aug. 26th.—Wigxn, 182 for nine wickets (innings declared) • Warrington, 83 for four wickets. Sep. 2nd.—Sale. 188 for tines wickets (innings declared) ; Warrington, 100 for six wickets. Sep. Oth.—Warrington, 110 ; Newton, 117 for five wickets. Most

BATTING. Times

Total not Total I;;; Aver- Imp. out. runs. inns. age. W Pearson J Callon J W Bainbridge l2 ... 1 ... 207 ... 58 ... 20-63 9 Partridge l9 . 2 . 375 ... 69 ... 19-70 , W Richardson 2O ... 3 ... 321 ... 123. ... 19-05 J Thompson-. G Woodcock IS Baxter Silcock l5 4 149 ... 30 ... 1350 IATL Urear 'Peewit II Hands WBennett ll ... S ... 42 ... 11 ... 515 Rev II Gray A Duckworth ll 2 . 45 ... 21 ... 5 H Hawthorn W V Tartan....- 3 ... 34 ... 24 R hee T Wright H Speakman A Deane T DiX9II 11 Dolan F Summers 1 . 25 A H Saville 1 .. 8 Fisher Chester, H Leach

BOWLING.

co. U. W. Av'ge Rev II Gray.-- 35 ... 2 ... 109 ... 14 ... 718 S Partridge W Bennett B Silcock Pestall ,U Woodcock 23 ... 4 ... 9' ... 4 ... 22-75 II Leach Fisher J Chesters F Summers J W Pearson 1 ... 0 1 ... 0

===== 0002601_19110923_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling Notes.

WARRINGTON AND .DISTRICT CONSOLATION

COMPETITION.

The consolation competition, promoted by the War. rington Imd District Bowling Association. concluded on Saturday last in a victory for the Junior Concerva- ti wee. Their opponents were the King and Q men and despite the fact that the latter played on their own green, the Junior. on the home and home engagements bad the effective majority of 31 points. The member@ of the King and Queen in not Saturday's match obtained Itt points more than the Juniors, but this was greatly insufficient.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKS ASSOCIATION lIANDICAP.

...... The second round of the Works Arwocrat ion handicap was played last Saturday. There were • few surprises, among whom was Tom Ellison. One hardly espeoted that Tom would go down to T. Plait, of Rylands, by 10 point., especially after bis recent display in the Warrington aud District Individual Merit.

To-day (Saturday) a Warrington works team will meet the Caledonians on the splendid green attached to the Horse and Jockey Inn. It Is expected that there will be a large attendance, as the proceeds of the game are to be devoted to the funds of the Warrington Nursing Association—an institution which is doing • great amount of good for the health of the town. Messrs. Walker's Band has kindly consented to contribute selections do-lag the afternooa. The teams are as follow :

WARRINGTON WORK'S. (11I.ROGNIANS. ,Mr Hy. Hope • Dr Joseph (Mayor) , Conn J Helliwell (capt.) • Mr J Fulton-Smith Crept) Mr G Bell (sub-coptaio) v Mr W Murray (sob-oapt.) IMr T Hackett • Ald. W J Forshaw IMr Peter Bates • Mr J L Davenport Mr 8 Allen • Councillor T Steel Mr E S Seymour • Mr F Love Mr .1 W Plinston • Mr J Buchanan Mr A Gleave (W & D, Champion) • Mr J Podrnore Mr T Ellison • Mr F Redfern Mr J Jeffery v Mr W Chalmers Mr A Webb • Mr G H W Steel Mr Victor Raiford v Mr J MeKenzie Mr F Miller v Mr W Mitchell Mr .1 Howarth v Mr 0 Marshall Mr 0 Tuner v Mr J Stewart Mr G Clive v Mr J Finlayaon Mr B Green v Mr P Lyel Mr A E Hands v Mr Malcolm Grant Mr It Jefferson v Mr B Shearer Mr J Smith v Mr A Love Mr A Scott • Mr A Robertson Mr H Daintith v Mr A C Robertson Mr H Higham v Mr 0 Bowman Mr T O'Brien v Mr Dlt [lodge Reserve.: H Rushwortb, Ike Makin, W Bandies, W Siruistpr. , Referees: Messrs J Willett and Bennett.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AS

CONSOLATION COMPHTITION.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
JUNIOR CONSERVATIVE . __.

KING AND QUEEN N.-,

CLUB.

ThM competition was brought to a close on Saturday at the King and Queen Hotel, when a close match ended in a win for the home bowlers by 18 points. On the home and home engagements the Junior Conservatives ' won by 34 points. Scores : JUNIOR I ONSERN ATIVES. KING AND •./L'EEN. W Skelhorn (capt) l7 D Bromley 'l9 Sutton H Taylor C Daley 2l A Jolley J Cooper J Monks B Regan E Blaokledge DClayton l9 A Pelee 2l R Dagnall 2l J Langley l9 It Holbrook l3 T Quarrie 2l B Higtam

===== 0002601_19110923_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
209 227 WARRINGTON WORKS ASSOCIATION.

ANNUAL HANDICAP. SECOND ROUND.

This competition is making good progress and Saturday's Fames furnished several surprises, nit the least of which wag the defeat of T Ellison. The details artspuended . _

IR 51h, Whitecrau l3 W Bibby, Greening. ... 14 1' Casey, Whymena l5 J Wilkinson, Rotary_ 7 T Hackett, Fletcher l3 J Simister, Longford... 8 T Jackson, Crosfislds l5 J Thomason,Rvland.... 14 II Allen, Ropery El Bennett, P and K wo A Duckworth,ltylands abs H Wareham, P and K l5 Jas Wrench, Rylands... 12 W Itlonks,Corporation 15 W Savory, Rytanda ... 8 G Hump, Ryland, A Warburton, IV'cross l5 II Taylor,Whituroas... 9 T Atherton, P and K Id Smith, Richmond. l5 J Lawton, P and K ... 12 , H Bromley, Longford N Dale, Longford l5 JT Massey, Corponstionl2 D Armitage, No 1, P&K 15 J Melbourne, Orford... 6 H Gatley, Richmond l5 J Oakes, Crosflelds 8 T Platt, Hylanis T Clare, Ryland. Oea Hatton, Whitecross 15 J Ashton, Fletcher. ... 9 T Owen, Fennel-street 15 J Henihall, Crotflelds 13 II Daintith, Fletcher l5 0 Shaw, Jon, Ryland. 9 W Andrews, Orford l5 S Shaw, ran, Tannery 13 W Pottar, Ryland. A Soott, Longford l5 J Glom, Whitecroas 6 J Plimpton, Orappenhall 15 W Hughes, P and K ... 7 I' Antiobus, Richmond, 15 H Fairbrother, Castle 12 H P Bate, Ryland. J Hilton, Ryland. l5 W Norgrove, Ryland, 11 J Hardman, Guests Bros 12 L Guner, Greening l2 S Shaw, jun , Tannery... 15 C Llttlewood, P & K 10 E Rowlands, Winwick ... 15 J Jolley, Corporation 11 W Berry, Ryland. FBeechall, Crosflelds 15 E Gandy, Ropery J Chattarton, Greening 15 J Watson, Crosflelds 9 CI Monks, Rylands J Hallam, L & N.W l5 W Hardman, P & K... 14 J Wells, Rylands J Hatton, Whitecrosa w.o W Roughley,Rylands she. J Bradshaw, P & K J Gleave, Corporation l5 J Waring, Castle ll H Cook, Crosflelds H Ratcliffe, P & K l5 S Welsby, Winwick ... 7 ,IGI Mulls, Monks l5 S Massey, Jun W'cross 5 1.7 Wood., Fletcher. ' W Walker, Richmond,— 15 R Looker, Ropery l4 W Richardson, Orford... 15 R Halford, Ropery J Hanley, Grappenhall... 11 J Fernicough,Cocklire 13 E Narroway, Ropery ... 15 W Buckley, Whymus 13 W Taylor, Naylor* l5 J Houghtu; Warns 1 W Ball, Whitecrou J Firth, Coal:ledge H Rougbley, Ryland. J Slather, Lockers l5 J Broadhurst, Ryland. 11 E Shaw, Fletcher* l5 II Broadhorat,Rylands 14 T Edgerton, Whitecrou 15 J Rowland., Orford... 7 W Skelland, Croslields W Bristow, Monks l5 J GlillserA Orford l3 R Jefferson, Monks T Oregson, Penketh R Sunderland, P & K l5 J Bibby, CLC 6 F Boscow, Richmond.... 15 J Graham, Honghtons 11 B Lowe, %Macros"

THE MAIN AT CONSERVATIVE CLUB, WARRINGTON. inset GAME.

The annual main wee concluded on Saturday after- noon when Robert Straw. a well-known bowler. proved to be the victor. Scores : Robert Straw, l ; Robert Anderton, 12. L. AND N.-W. RAILWAY INSTITUTE v. PARISH CHURCH INSTITUTE.

The return lonia -ha-weer; the ahoy, clubs was played on the L.& N.-W green at Argoley on Saturday. Scores: L. AND N.-W. INsTITCTF.. PARISH CHURCH INSTITCTE 11 Glean, 2l A Yates 8 N J Gleam, 2l 0 Garner Jr J Millington 2l H James E Taylor R F Anderton 2l .1 Carman A W Allccan W Warburton R Bell 0 Holland . W_Burke l4 C Cross 2l

19 W Dennett

FRENCH without a Master. TEE BEST COURSE EVER PURLIEU). BOOKLET SPECIMEN 6r). POST FEE!;, GOUIN SCHOOLS, 60, Ifestbourie Grove, London.

FITS CURED AT HOME. Dreedful cases have Ism ti cured by the "VARSO TREATNIENT." No ease is too bad to yield to this valuable cure . the fits generally cease from the first. N. Bromide of Potassium used. Sufferers should apply for full particulars to JAS Q. MILLS, M.P.S , Chemist. HATT BRIDGE, WIGAN. Sample sent for 3 stamps.

These tiny Capsules relieve Kidney and Bladder Trouble promptly and cure in forty-eight hours. Each Capsule bears the name " M idy." Sold by all Chemists, or post free 3s. from

WILCOX a CO. 'Dept 30) 4*, HATIa AHEM 14.00.•

_THe NEW FRiel THERApt renied;useil conti nen tal Hospima by atitostan Joix.M.Vc!, eau & otbers, surpasses everything hitherto employe& ton Im ur.t yof blood.sp?m,blotches,pain & n °fluent.. kidney, bladder & urmary diseases, strictu re, di %chattel, piles, gravel,psiesin back, gout,rhoutootton.rabausCoo, sleeplemness, an. Three forms, No,I, 2 & accordag to diseases. Ake 2/2 (partici lars Id. stamp) poet It.. in Crreat Britain from ThP Cie= MkiCo.R. Idockased.liasexicad.Loodoo.dirdsclP&lChootid.

Letters from people who have received great benefit rjons the use of Clarke's Blood Nfixture. It cannot be too highly estimated for it cleanses an 1 clears Use blood from all impurities. This la • good testimonial from tbo " Family Doctor" which goes on further to my: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science Mali skill have brought to light, and we can with Use utmost confidence recommend it to our sulo.cribers and the recbLic generally. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Scums Sad , Skin and Blood Diseases Pimples and sores of all kinds the effects ars marvellous. Thoumusda of testimonials. Clarke's Blood Mixture Is ...old every- where at 2e. 9d. per bottle Beware of worthless imitations and satstitutes.—Advt. 4

CLARKE'S 11, 41 PILLS are 'warranted to wen La either se: all sotiuired or constitutional dtecharges, from the Ormary Organs, Gravel roil Pains in the tact. Free from Mercury. Establbibei novas& of 40 years. In boxes 4e. 6d. each, of all chists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or mot for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and Midland Counties I.lrog Co., Lincoln.-Advt

"ADTH IS TO MOTITERIII."—AHI you broken in your rest bye sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth? tic, at once to • chemist, and get a bottle of MRS. WIN,LOW'S SOOTHING STHCP. It piodocen natural, Rolet sleep by rehe•ing tbe child from pal; and the little cherub awakes " as bright as • button." zooming no Poisonous Ingredient. Of all Clambake, Ps lad. peg bottlia—Adyt.

spNT4z MID"

===== 0002601_19110923_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
J Dolan

Mr. It. Virburgh, Ml'. for Chester, has tecidsd to makes gift to the Says League of his salary of £4OO u sear 119 member of Parliament.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Is Lest made from MASON'S EXTRACT OF HERBS. One Tablespoonful of this Extract makes a Gallon of DELICIOUS BOTANIC BEER.

Has Leen used for over Thirty Years with the greatest 511<MM.

Send penny 'tamp for Rook- ie% " Hints en Brewing. - Newhall &Mason, NOTTINGHAM.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
GOOD! IT'S MASON'S.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED strong GENERAL, able to wash; small family; refereoce.—R USIS FORTH, 4, Beech grove, Ashton, Preston.

ivANT E D,COOK-GENERALonder 30; washing good oragas.—kiasow, 2, Brook rd., Heaton Chspel, Stockport. NVANTED, PLAIN COOK (good), good references required.—Mrs. ALFRED J. Tuomrsox, wood, Coddington, Northsvici.. WANTED, immediately, good GENER AL. all V V Oldies; family 3; references required.-37,DEANE CHURCH LANE, Bolton.

WANTED, experienced GENERAL: small family; rood wesee.—Mø. DRI ALMOND, 65. Bedew ?door , Didebery„ WANTED, capable GIRL for housework; reference V V recinired.—Wnitstocn, Confectioner, Stockport rd, Mamie.

WANTED Respectable GIRL for house work; Jere rrgoired; good wages.-32, MAYFIELD RD, Alexandra Park, Manchester.

OGTHPORT.—Wanted Experienced GENERAL, small family ; good home ; references required.- 19, PONDRAY RD., Hesketb Park. WANTED, Strong pones GENERAL; .al,; plain coling; 4 In family ; reference.-26, EGERTON RD., WithingtoD, Lanes.

WANTED, Domesticated 011t1., .pl 7 or 18. re(s.—Apoly WlLLsiixar, 332, Great Clones it, Broughton, Manchester.

WANTED, Cooks, Generals. Housemaids ; good waires.—Tua ELFALL, (leto Etwood), Central Registry, 16, Sandygate, Burnley. WANTED, young GENERAL; wages £ls.—Apply MAlrnon, Horne for Blind, Heyealeigb, Montagne rd., Old Trafford, Manchester.

WANTED, superior COOK-GENERAL; family four; good references essential —Mrs. STorr, Weatbotirne, Woodford rd., &timbal', Cheshire.

WANTED, good GENERAL, small family, help given, Protes'ant, references requirad.—Apply by letter, Mrs. KING. 134. Eastbourne ,d, Ilirkdale.

WANTED, GIRL (respectable) age about 16; references TLNU.red.—Apoly Mrs. ASTBIIRY, Astrnoor Meadow Farm, Bates Bridge, Runcorn.

WANTED, Experienced GENERAL irnmedia.ely- family of two ; washing and plain cooking ; good waga.—Apply Mrs. BRIDGE, Florida, Bursootigh Junction, Orroskirk.

yVANTED, COOK-GENERAL and young House parlour-maid for linutaford.--Write giving all particulars. Nurse kept.—HOLM WOOD, Knutsford, Cheshire.

TV Good GIRL 17-20 for general housework Good home for willing girl ; healthy surround- lop ; wages according to ave.—Mrs. DEAN, 6, Malpas Grove, Lmosrd, New Brighton.

WANTED, GENERAL; strong country Ohl, about 17, Protestant : two in family, part washing ; good references.—Mrs Own, Chapel lane, Eceleston, near Present.

IVANTED, GENERAL, all duties; good home (gentleman aod daughter) ; 'tate age and particulars ; good references required.—Wsti.s, 18, Hampton rd., Southport.

WANTED, Experienced Cooks, Cook-generals Housemaid-waitresses, experienced and young Housemaids, kitchenmaids, Generals.—Mrs. READ'S Select Registry, Rush°!me, Manchester.

WANTED, COOK-HOUSEKEEPER and House- maid; ono or two gentlemen or one lady, entire duties, abstainer ; highest testimonials ; disengaged.— Mlss GOODAI L, Craton House, Knntsford, Cheshire.

WANTED, thoroughly experienced GENERAL, age 25 to 30; undertake all duties; Protestant ; good ; references required ; two in family ; by letter. —Bmirnr, 12, Conyers avenue, Birkdele.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
avenue,

GENTLEMAN Requires Position.—Good Account- ant, Experienced Manager, salary moderate.—M. AMIMESIDE, Stanley rd., Woodford.

Privals Christmas Carde.—Agents Wanted. B;g cow. Free Simple Book of up-to-date demean. Prompt delivery.—Tbe Lashire Art Co, Accr DOG DUNG WANTED, any Inantitiee, large or small, good _price glren.—rmr WARRINGTON fiLAZIID KID CO. LTD., Long lane, Longford, Dellf Warrington.

initoo.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board; 1 min. Talbot rd. station, sea and all amusements; piano.—Mrs. A. CADMAN, 23, Edward st.

BLACKPOOL.—Bed, cooking and attendance, la each person; two minutes from Central Station and sea; piano.—Mrs. J. STREET, 11 Cbarnley rd., of Coronation it.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
A LL REQUIRING Apartmante,Houses, Shops, Flats, In Loodoa, Seaside or Country, see Dalton's Weekly House and Apartment Advertiser and Boarding House Guide. 16 pages to select from. Send for specimen copy, 21 SotTlt LA 10001 RD., London, SW

===== 0002601_19110923_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Ilgrieldture.

friCliF LOAM, Kettering old 0 hry, for Carnations, ,L Mum, dm; 211. too; truck loads delisered Cheshire and S. Lasov.—.l. Dos, Park row, Nottingham

===== 0002601_19110923_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Southport.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING PRESENTS.

Magnificent Selection.

Duplicates may be exchanged.

christening Gifts in great variety.

Telephone 303 x.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT PROPERTY SALE.

An impottant property sale took place at the Patten Arms Hotel on 1 uesday afternoon, when Messrs. John 81ainwering and Company offered for public auction I some valnabla freehold properties at Thelwall. There was an unusually large attendance. Mr. Mainwaring opened the sale by emphasising the excellent situation of the buildings sad land, which are also in close proximity to the railway and waterways. It was seldom that he had the pleasure of offering such a nice number of lots no suitable for investment. 'the whole of the property, which comprised about ICS acres, was first offered in one lot, but as there was no offer Mr. Mainwaring proceeded to submit the lots separately, with the following results : A farm house, known as the Bridge Farm, comprising a total area of 41, lr 3tp near Thelwall Station ; withdrawn. A plot of building land in Waste-lane and Half-acre- lane, containing -la lir 32p; sold to Messrs Field, Sons and Harrison, of Manchester, for £6OO. A plot of building land approached by a private road off Halfacre-lane, containing 4a Or 24p, or thereabouts, withdrawn. A plot of building land on a private road off Halfacre- lane, containing 5a Ir 37p ; sold to Mr. W. H. Bleckly for £525. Cottage and garden, weighing machine, coal-yard, office and stable, adjacent to' Thelwall Station; sold to Hampton Bros. for £275. Two semi-detached cottages, with gardens, wheel- wright's and blacksmith's shops and shoeing forge; sold to Messrs. Greene', Whitley and Co. for £760. House, outbuildings, garden and croft, area Is. 3r. 26p.; withdrawn. Valuable building land comprising y art of Thelwall Hell Park and other land with a cottage and garden, area 22a. Or. 23p. •, withdrawn. Valuable lands for works on the north side of and adjacent to the Manchester Ship Canal area, 37a. 2r. 16p. ' • withdrawn. Valnable land for works on the north side of the Manchester Ship Canal, and adjoining the river Mersey area, 16a. Jr. 23p. ; withdrawn. Small holding, comprising house, farm buildings, and land adjacent to the Manchester Ship Canal, area, , 15a. Or. Bp. ; withdrawn. Two good fields, adjacent to the Manchester Ship • Canal, area, 14a. Ir. llp.; withdrawn. Two semi-detached cottages and gardens, known as Nos. 5 and 0, Sweet Pea Cottages, near Thelvrall Station ; withdrawn. Two semi-detached cottages and gardens, known as ; Nos. 3 and 4, Sweet Pea Cottages; withdrawn. Two semi-detached cottages and gardens, known as • Nos. 1 and 2, Sweet Pea Cottages ; withdrawn. , Two semi-detached cottages with outbuildings and . large gardens; sold to Mr. George Astall for £305, and Two semi-detached cottages s‘ith gardens in Bell- lane, within three minutes walk from Thelwall Station, area, Ir. 19p.; sold to Mrs. Jane Broadhurst, of Warrington, for £290. ; With reference to the lots which were withdrawn we understand that it is expected they will be disposed of by private treaty. The solicitors to the vendors were Messrs. Robert Davies and Co., and the surveyors Messrs. John White s and Co.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
seeTrs STANLEY PALITOT, 14/11.

Blanket Cloths and Reversible Tweeds,

right in Shape, Style, and Value.

It Looks Well, Fits Well, Wears Well.

Always bear in mind you save 3/6

in the pound by buying from

• ..".' P.' -..., - ',,... ~,•-•. .. ''''''V ' 'I -,.'s 4. , \ ' ! ~,,, :,:;1> ,'s 4, ''):; \ I,' ~1,,'..„,,,t,,, ' ~I,ot ittr. \ 4., f,'-:', f ~,,,,; 1 -.../ ' r .1;:. - : 1 ' i '., ) 1, t \ : ' i i - -

===== 0002601_19110923_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
SeOTT'S

Costume House,

8 HORSEMARKET ST.,

Part of the premises lately occupied by the Manchester Clothing Depot.

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
lai I; et it ima

= 73 st) Z. (i) 01) !n 3.•

===== 0002601_19110923_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
M2rltag\Trogecu,Fic%oieri irers7,iBeocinkLipatr!: rionwmtleloitne. OVELY Complexion, velvet skin, try /13 Icier 1.4 Clearskie; I/U.—Holder, Is, Huggin-lene,Londou MI AIR Combing Bought, 61 oz. ; posteasb per return I LI- —Moons, 42, Princess ri., Mostoo, Manchester

TYPEWRITING, Research, and Reference undertaken prirately by post.-Trpirt, 9 Marais,' rd F.dharn

===== 0002601_19110923_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Football Competitions ; predictions sny contest ; I. 6d. monthly, stamped adis.—Leste, 5 Lucerne rd., Brighton. pIANO, £6 155., rosewood, inlaid marqueterie panels, in god condition; worth double.-1, DALLAM LANE, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 23,1911

T he Parliamentary THE INSURANCE adjournment will at SCHEME UNDER least insure that the FIRE. National Insurance Bill will be discussed from every possible point of view before it finally passes through Committee in the House of Commons. Among other bodies which have recently had it under considera- tion are the Association of Chambers of Commerce, the Steel Company of Scotland, the North British Locomotive Company, and the Trade Union Congress. At the Dublin Conference of the Chambers of Commerce a resolution was passed expressing the view that the heavy burden which the Bill proposes to place upon production must eventually adversely affect the working classes. It was further urged that the provisions in the second part of the Bill would relieve merely the evils of unemploy- ment without removing the cause thereof, and would tend to increase unemployment, rather than to diminish it. At the annual meeting of the Steel Company of Scotland the Chairman described the Bill as crude, ill-considered, and unjust, and said that the payment by the company of threepence a week per workman for sickness insurance would be equal to an additional income tax of 7d. in the XI. The company now pays an income tax of is. 2d. and the directors estimate that if the Bill passes they will have to pay is. 9d., or half as much again. In the case of the North British Locomotive Company—which employs many more men in proportion to its profits that the steel company does— it is estimated that the payment of the employers' weekly contribution towards sickness insurance would come to no less than 3s. in the on the profits of the company. Other cases were cited at the Chambers of Commerce conference in which the employers' payments under the scheme would represent an even higher proportion of profits. These are formidable estimates, though it may be pointed out that from some points of view it would be fairer to give the percentage of increase which sickness insurance would add to the wage-sheet of the year. It may also be recalled that similar estimates were given at the time of the passing of Mr. CHAMBER- LAiN's Workmen's Compensation Act. But notwithstanding this extra charge on the manufacturing interest there has been a steady increase iu production, and it may be assumed either that prices have been increased or that economies have been effected in other directions. Mr. LORIMER, indeed, in his address to the shareholders of the Steel Company of Scotland, admitted the possibility of meeting the extra financial burden by increasing the price of their pro- ducts, but said that in this case the ship- builders' engineers, boiler-makers, etc.,would undoubtedly 'pass on the charge as ar as they could to their buyers. But .` this plan" in his view "violates an essential principle of sound finance, for every transfer of the charge would, wherever possible, be loaded with a profit thereon, so that the consumer would pay far more than ever reached the Treasury." It is. however rather late in the day to rely on this argu- ment, for free education, workmen's com- pensation, and old age pensions have all added to the charges upon business under- takings, though they have probably been partly met by the cheapening of production through the introduction of labour-saving machinery. It can scarcely be doubted, however, that the effect of social reform legislation will be to increase prices, and in a certain degree to add to the cost of living. We are aware that this is denied by some authorities, who contend that with better industrial conditions a higher level of efficiency will be reached, but experience shows in the most progressive nations that there is an upward tendency in price., which may reasonably be attributed in part to the cost of the improved conditions insisted

upon by the State. Sooner or later however, an addition to the cost of living renders an increase of wages necessary, and in this way there is a relative economic adjustment. But the figures we have quoted, as well as the estimates of the CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER, plainly show that the proposal made at the Trade Unions Congress in favour of a non-contributory scheme was hopelessly impracticable, and we are glad to see that it was rejected. The more modest proposal that workers with a wage of less than 15s. per week should be altogether relieved of contributions was carried by a majority vote, but there are strong objections to the non- contributory principle, for the door would be opened to constant demands for fresh conces- sions, which it would be difficult to resist if the non-contributory principle were admitted. The problem, however, of the poorest class of workers is a very difficult one, for on the one hand they stand most in need of sickness insurance, and on the other they can ill spare, the weekly pence required under the Govern- ment scheme.

There is a familiar say- MR. HAROLD SMITH, ing in Warrington M.P., IN A TANGLE. which consists of only two words "ware wire I "—but they have a world of meaning in them. Apparently Mr. Harold Smith was ignorant of the phrase or he would have thought twice before stating publicly that if the Corporation wanted a quantity of wire, and the price was £3,000 in Warrington and £2,750 in Germany, they should buy it in Warrington, to- encourage local industries. As a platform statement at an open-air meeting it went down well, because there was no necessity to support this new theory of business or " protection "by reason or argument. But, first Mr. Pearce Williams, and then Mr. Osborne tried to get the Member to discuss the proposition in the columns of the press— to no avail! Mr. Smith has shirked the issue and positively will not enlighten us further as to his new school of economics, or his new theory in business. Even Tariff Reformers advocate buying in the cheapest market as a rule, but Mr. Smith is an exception. He would spend Warrington money in buying Warrington wire, even if wire were being given away in Wigan or St. Helens or Germany. But when he had made the good old firm of Warrington Ltd. bank- rupt and his friends the wire manufacturers millionaires, what would he tell the Official Receiver?

"Sub Rosa" of the THE SALT OF THE "Morning Leader," who EARTH—IN THE in political life is Mr. SCHOOLS. Spencer Leigh Hughes, Liberal M.P., for Stock- port, has been amusing himself with discuss- ing the contents of various Parish Magazines. It is (he says) like a Quiet Day with the Clergy just to peep within their severely simple covers—everything is so far removed from strife and clamor and party prejudice." Then be turns to the "Wheelock Parish Magazine," and remarks that "the Vicar (the Rev. Reginald J. Milward) is booming his own church schools in the " only-genuine- loeware-of-spurious-imitations " vein, and writes thus : Church schools are the salt of the country, which keep gill the other schools from going bad. Happily in Cheshite they are a good big lump of salt, for I find that (,utaide the county boroughs Chester, Birkenhead, Crewe, Stockport, Maccles- field, Warrington) there are (roughly), 33,500 thildren in Church schools, 18,000 in conaeil schools, and 5,000 in other schools. Now we mean to hold on to our lump of salt. "Salt is good " and Cheshire produces plenty of h. . . There is no guarantee that religion will be properly taught in any except our religious schools. Of course, the vicar knows that there is a Wesleyan school at Wheelock in which the excellent syllabus of religious education adopted by the Cheshire Education Com- mittee is taught, but he still holds that his school prevents the Wesleyan school from "going bad." I hope all Wesleyan readers will take note that there is "no guarantee" that religion is properly taught in their schools and that they are indebted to the vicar's" lump of salt." Probably they will -take this clericalist tale with a pinch of salt."

"The World," one of

THE PARTY the leading sixpenny WITHOUT A POLICY, weeklies on the Tory side, has no illusions in regard to the moribund condition of the Tory Party, and week by week it is striving to formulate a policy designed to lead Toryism out of the wood and into power again. The suggestions frequently border on the desperate, but then this friend of the old regime is nothing if not candid and fully realises that no half measures will pull Toryism out of the mire. " But what a misfortune for the Conservative Party if office were thrust tit:rut it to-morrow ! With no decided leadership, lacking any impera- tive policy, how long would inch a party be likely to continue in plwer ? "

Really, we are almost sorry that Mr. Balfour or Mr. F. E. Smith is not asked to form a cabinet—the effort would be so divert- ing. But "The World" is extremely serious, and after looking about cautiously it suggests the revival of the smallholder in industry and agriculture, as a deliberate challenge to the tendency of trustification and nationalisation. Toryism must begin to truckle to the democracy, and find means of tickling the groundlings. What are principles?—no use in politics from the worldly " World " point of view. Every- body must own something, and he must get it from the Tory Party. The trap must be well-baited, for "Broadly speaking, the Liberals legislate for the benefit of the consumer, the Tories for the benefit of the producer. As long as England is the Carter Paterson of the world, and as long as the producer is largely a hand in a factory, so long will legislation for the producer be nnpopul Li- and, indeed, unsound. The reviv,il of the small holder is the only means of making legislation in the interests of the producer both sound and popular. As I have already hated, the small owner is fundamentally a Conservative. In a nation of small holders the Liberals would never be in power." There you have the new policy of the old party in a nutshell. It is one of expediency pure and simple. Toryism has to be care- fully sugar-coated to make it acceptable to the masses. When they have swallowed it they will soon be looking anxiously for the present-day equivalent of the old Roman vomitarium. But to get them to swallow is all "The World" thinks about. And the writer's precious policy is entitled "The Revival of England." We shall look fordrard to the next chapter!

A Pontoetyydd farmer on Thursday found his wife, aged 91, lying dead on the mountain between Pontypool and Abertillery. She had gone to fetch water from a spring on the previous night, when a thunderstorm broke over the district, will she had been struck by lightning. Parts of the woman's clothing were found 35 yards away.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
... tms vlw 4 : el P. NM 0 Co 0 (i) 94 (I)

0 tc,i PO,

===== 0002601_19110923_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
WW NOTES AND NOTIOrt]

Judging from a letter in our correspond- ence columns the local p3lice might spend a profitable afternoon in bringing to book some of the " sportsmen " who indulge in the brutal sport of rabbit-coursing in the neigh- bourhood of Longford or Winwick.

• • An interesting passenger by the White Star steamer Cymric, which left the Mersey for Boston on Tuesday evening, was Mr. A. Tennyson Dickens, eldest surviving son of the famous novelist, whose primary object in visiting the States is to deliver a series of lectures there during the next twelve months.

* - Sir A. Conan Doyle, asked by an Irish newspaper for a message to " Unionists" for to-day's meetings in Belfast replies that he has twice been a Conservative can- didate, but is now strongly in favour of Home Rule. It will probably be found, when the struggle comes, that many "Unionists" have revised their views in regard to granting Home Rule to Ireland.

* The date for the pile-driving ceremony for the new Warrington Bridge has, at last, been fixed. Only the Mayor and Alderman Smethurst are to have the honour of driving piles—a decision which will be a source of disappointment to at least one other Alderman. We think the Deputy-Mayer might have been included, seeing that he applied himself earnestly to the forwarding of the bridge scheme during the time he occupied the mayoral chair. *

The official year book of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, issued this month, shows that the present number of ministers is 3,615; lay preachers, 31,150; church members, including probationers, 817,409; Sunday schools, 10,678 ; officers and teachers, 144,364; and scholars, 1,160,569. The number of Wesleyan churches in Great Britian is now 8.668, with seating accommoda- tion for 2,323,498 persons.

In the" Review of Reviews" Mr. W. T. Stead says that "The Parliament Bill, insisting as it doss upon three sessions and two years being spent on any Bill which is to evade the Peers' veto is a very worthless measure from the Radical point of view. Its chief value lies in the statutory affirmation of the exclusive right of the Commons over money bills. The nonsense that the Tories have talked about the destruction of the House of Lords wi.l soon be recognised at its true value. Resurrection rather than destruction would be the fitter term to apply." ,

Still another way of disposing of the obnoxious £4OO per year which some M.P.'s are inclined, quite erroneously, to think is baing forced upon them! Mr. R. A. Yerburgh, M.P. for Chester, one of the wealthiest members of the Tory party, has promised his £4OO to the Navy League. Our own member has not yet followed any of the glowing examples of self-sacrifice set by fellow M.P.'s, or given any indication of the way in which he means to reconcile his conscience with the acceptance of a salary from the Liberal Government. He hiss not even said "Thank you!"

0 The members of the Town Council will meet on Monday evening next for the pur- pose of selecting the Mayor for the ensuing year. So far as can be ascertained, the general feeling is in favour of inviting Coun- cillor Dr. Joseph to accept office for another year, and we are sure such a course would meet with the approval of the townspeople who have fully appreciated the thoroughness and devotion with which his Worship has attended to the manifold duties of his office. * * *

- A story is going the rounds which illustrates the "offishness " still to be found in some churches and chapels. A man sat through the service one Sunday morning wearing his bat. When requested to do so he removed the hat smilingly. He was afterwards asked if he had worn the hat purposely or if it was merely absent-minded negligence. "No," said the man. "I have been attending this church regularly for nearly two years, and no one hasever spoken to me in all that time. I just thought I would leave my hat on my head this morning to see if it would serve as an introJuction to someone. lam glad to meet you." * * *

The Warrington Education Committee has shown its desire to keep abreast of the times by provisionally adopting a scheme to assist children leaving the various schools of the borough in choice of suitable employment. There is a consensus of opinion that the unemployed and unem- ployable classes have been greatly aug- mented in the past by the haphazard way in which children have been allowed to drift into situations, regardless of their suit- ability or of their prospects in life. The juvenile employment exchange will, without trespassing upon the rights of the parent, deal with a difficult question on sympathetic and systematic lines and should do a great deal to avoid that placing of" square pegs in round holes " which is in many cases fraught with lamentable results.

Warrington has ihis-week had a visit from an interesting " globe-trotter " in the person of George M. Schilling, a plucky American who is engaged in his second walk round the world. Wherever he travels he wheels a large hollow globe which on occa- sion serves as his lodging for the night. Mr. Schilling has had a life of adventure and has undertaken many long-distance walks, one of his earliest being from Pittsburg to San Francisco and back—a distance of 8,900 miles in nine months and twenty-eight days.lt was in 1897 that he first essayed the gigantic task of walking round the world. He set off without a cent in his possession paying his way by selling postcards and books. Mr. Schilling is undertaking his present walk on similar lines and he has interested curious audiences of Warringtonians by his vivid accounts of his exciting experiences in many lands.

There was a pissage in the leading columns of Monday's " Morning Post " which may serve to allay the fears of those timorous folk who are convinced that under a Radical administration the defensive services of the country have been so starved and mismanaged that we are entirely unrrepared for war. "These," says the "Post ' at the end of a long article on the manccuvres, "are the reasons why the British Army in 1911 is in much better coniition than it was, say, in 1903. Its generals and staffs have been working hard to master their business, and have had for some years past the practice that is indis- pensable for them. For the same reasons the Territorial Army is a much better organism than was the Volunteer Force from which it proceeded." The credit for that improve- ment has to be distributed among men of all ranks, from Lord Haldane downwards. The Secretary of State for War would be the last

man to claim more than is his due. But such au unbiassed testimonial to the results of his period of office is a valuable antidote to the attempts which have been made in some quarters to cry down the Army for the sake of attacking the Ministry.

S ° * Sir Walter Nuge. t, Nationalist member for South Westmeath, who addressed a United Irish League meeting in Manchester on Saturday, pointed out that the granting of Home Rule would tend to strengthen rather than to weaken the bond between England and Ireland, and that with the increased taxable capacity which would ultimately result from the prosperity of the country Ireland would become a valuable asset to the Empire. The majo ity of Irish Unionists, he said, were secretly as anxious as the Nationalists for the establishment of a Parliament in Dublin. •• . .

Lori Claud Hamilton, chairman of the Great Eastern Railway Company, was the only witness examined before the Railway Settlement Commission on Monday. He attributed all the upset among railwaymen to the interference of trade union officials, and declared himself utterly opposed to "recognition." He said he regretted the intervention of the Board of Trade in the recent dispute, and regarded the agreement arrived at as inopportune, seeing that in another four days the whole strike move- ment would have been broken. ,

*5 * ' In the course of examination by Mr Henderson. M.P., Lord Claud Hamilton instanced the glass trade as one which had been driven out of England by the arbitrary conduct of the trades unions. Our old friend "Workman Jim" has always contended that the glass trade was ruined for the want of protective tariffs. Here we have a distinct difference of opinion on a question of fact between two authorities on the same side. Are we to believe Lord Claud Hamilton or " Workman Jim " ? Or can it be that both are wrong? When doctors disagree the sick man wins back to health. There must surely be a chance for the glass trade !

LOCAL PARS.

Personal.

• We regret to learn that Mr. John Geddes J.P., is lying seriously id at his residence, Clifford Villa, Waverton, near Chester.

A San Francisco Wedding. Mr. and Mrs. Henry Whitham of San Francien, and formerly of Warrington, announce the marriage of their daughter Dora Jordan to Mr. Daniel Mordaunt Sullivan on Monday, August 28th, at San Francisco.

WRINGING MACHINES, best value obtainable. Cash price, 39;6.—J G. GARLAND, Ironmonger Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Death of Mrs. MMus. We regret to announce the death which took place very suddenly on Sunday evening, of Mrs. Gittins, liceneee of the Bathe Hotel, Gulborne-street and Saukey-street. The deceased lady, who had conducted the hr .use since the death of her husband many years ago, was held in great lespect by a large circle of townspeople. She leaves several daughters.

Warrington Women's Suffrage Society. A garden fete at Shirley, Hill eliffe, on Saturday was fortunately favoured with summer weather, and the numerous visitors enj-iyed games of clock-golf, bowls, croquet and skittle-jocks. After tea there was some excellent music and recitations, in which the following took place : Mrs. Jackson Holmes, Mrs' HaTior, Mrs. Willett, Miss Davy, Mies Perry, bliss Corney, Miss Jones, Miss Truelove and Mr. Corney. The proceeds will be a real help to the local Women's ISuffrage Society, which is stid in need of funds.

A few soiled BARE CARRIAGES to be sold cheap.— Apply J. S. G ARL iND, 51, Bridge et., Warriegton.:Advt Palace and Hippodrome.

Next week's programme again promises m be of a high order, cemprising as it does such first-class items as Walter Graheme, described as the human marionette and John F. Taylor and Co., who will present their successful Western romance entitled " The devil's elbow," both of these 'turns" jointly holding the premier place on the bill. The Maples, refined comedy at fives are also announced to appear in their latest laughter infection " Hamper-ed." Death of Mrs. George Nounfleld.

Many of our readers will regret to hear of the death which took place on Mondar night of Mrs. Moos- field, wife of Mr. George Mounfield, of Ingle Nook, Latchford Without. Mrs. Mansfield, who was 01 years of age, waa a member of a well-known Warrington family." Up to a few years ago she was actively identified with Friars Green Chapel, where she interested herself in several branches of the church's work. When the family removed to Latch- ford she became a worshipper at the Grappenhall Independent Methodi,t Chapel. FOLEY CHINA TEA SERVICES, 40 pieces 12,6.—.7. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge st, Warrington.—Advt. Warrington Wesleyan Cycling Club.

No ru; is more poPular ;ith u—s than the one to Davenham, and so 19 set out on Saturday, the 13th,1 and returned, as luck would have it, without a hitch.l One gentleman had a puncture at Stretton and, on setting off again, the four very amateur repairers left his lamp on the hedge bottom. Why don't cyclists, instead of po.tting the lamp down anywhere near, slide it on the lamp bracket again? It will fit both aides up, and if it should be forgotten, in the hurry of catching up the others, it won't be forgotten lone, wrong side up, and in any case it won't be left behind. A short detour was taken through Gorstage, in order to avoid the awkward village of Weaverham, and by 5 o'clock we were discuzsing a well-served tea in the garden at Mrs. Booth's Cafe next the schoo's. After a short and happy walk round by Beehive Farm, happy through the antics of the comic members of the party in their unrehearsed private theatricals, the return journey through Lostsck and Budworth commenced, also happily. It nearly finished on London Bridge, Stockton Beath, where the police had something to say in the motter of " No lamp," but we will draw a veilover what followed. Distance 2: miles. Mown CARS FOR Hie; long or short dietanoes.—J S. GARLAND, t, Bridge et., Warriogton.—Advt.

Cripples Cond. On Wednesday evening there was a most interest- ing gathering in Bold-street Wesleyan schoolroom in cnnnection with the "Cripples Guild." To commence the winter session a fl-class entertainment was given to the delighted audience. Mrs. James Dodds presided, and was suppotted by the Rev. Hugh Williamson, the new Presidnit of the Guild. An interesting item was a " Flag Drill," given by a number of Band of Hops girls. Mrs. BOA sang 1" Whistle and I'll come to you " ; Miss E. Tsylor, 1' All for a green ribbon " and " When the heart is young" ; Mr. Draper, "My sweetheart when a boy" and " Once again" ; Mr. Fieldhonse. "Glorious Devon" and "Admiral Drake." The "Royal Queen" quartette from the Gondoliers was given by Mrs. Booth, Mies E. Taylor, Messrs. Fieldhou-e and Draper. Mr. George Smith gave "The Mountains of Morne, "a " Laughing Song ' , and " The Village Blacksmith," all of which gave great pleasure.— During the interval refreshments were handed round, and the President gave notice of the classes to be held at the fortnightly meetings, commencing on October 4th.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
The .Evolution_ of English Pottery.

Mr. 11. Stuart Page's vaLable and interesting paper on " The Evolution of English Pottery: suggestions for a type collection" has been reprinted in pamphlet form from 'The Museums Journal." Our readers will recollect that Mr. Page's paper aroused very fav, urable comment when read at the G nference of the Museums Association at Brighton in July.

National Service League. , The members of the Warrington Divieion of the National Sera ice League are initia log a fresh policy this year with regard to the annual meeting. Instead of holding a pleasant garden parry at Appleton Hall, they are to devote themselves to strenuous propaganda work at the Parr Hall on Wednesday, October 18th. An interesting programme has been arranged. The doors will open at 7 pm and therm who rare to go to the hall so early will Cord Messrs. Crosfields' band in posseesion of the platform, in company with the combined Warrington Male Voice and Warrinom Apol'o Choirs. Some choice vocal and lustre- mental selections will be submitted. At eight o'cleck Lord Derby, the president of the Lancashire county branch of the League, will take the chair. He will probably devote much of his speech to replying to bird Haldane's speech io the same building last year. The other spellers will include Admiral Fitzgerald, a breezy naval man from Leland ; Mr. A. O. C rrrnthers, a prominent Bedford Radical; and Mr. 0.11. M air, literary e htor of tire" Manchester Guardian " and leader writer on that journal. CLEARANCE SALE OF CYCLES, all prices rodoced.—J S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt.

Warrington Caledonian Association On Thursday evening the Warrington Caledonian Association opened it 4 winter session by bolding a smoking concert at the Lion Hotel. There was a fair attendance of members and friends, the chair being occupied by Mr. J. L. Davenport, the popular and enthusiastic vice-president of the association. The programme opened with selections on the pianoforte by Mr. J. H. Forster, whoa's) ably accompanied the various singers during the evening. Mr. J. B. Poole next favoured with a s.mg " Where bright glances are." Later he contributed " Tbe Cradle Song " and in response to a most hearty encore gave " The pale young Curate." Mr. Davenport sang the old Scots' favourite " My amn Folk," and also joined Mr. Poole in a fine rendering of the duet " Watchman, what of the night ?" The following also contributed songs during the evening, viz. :—Messrs. J. Hunter, J. Bennett, J. Mc'Dermid, P. Gillespie, J. Sdrling, G. Marshall and A. Love. The contribritiQns were mainly old, well-known Frottish sorgs, the singing of which was received with every mark of appreciation by the assembled Caledonians. At the conclueion of the programme a cordial vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Davenport both for his conduct in the chair, and for bin end-vices in arranging the smoker. Tbe function closed with the singing of " Auld Lang Syne," with the usual linking of hands

===== 0002601_19110923_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

Even the nrat fastidious cannot but appreciate the excellent programme presented at this popular place of entertainment this week. The items are of a most varied and original type while the visit of Fred Karno's celebrated comedians, who always attract hip audiences, ban agaiu proved no exception to the rule, crowded houses being the order for the whole week. The two productions "Mr. Justice Perkins and The Bailiff" are led by that able actir Mr, Albert Bruno and assisted by a large company his adventures in the role of Perkins provoke endless amusement. "Me. Justice Perkins" is an act in three scenes which depict the selection of Perkins as a "justice," a scene in the corridor of the court in which Perkins arrivrs arrayed in shooting attire to take up his past on the Bench ,and fiaa'ly the scene in the court interior. His inability for this position can be readily imagined by the fact of his dismissal of a bookmaker on the promise of a good tip "and by his repeated calls for lionar and the 1 k test sportiog papers while the trial of his own case for breach of promise in which he departs to slumber during the hearing of the ' prosecution and afterwaids compels the jury to award the complainant a farthing damages, at the point of the pistol, are only some of the events which teed to make this prriuction such a pronounced success. The Bailiff " is also composed of three scenes which deal with the engagement of Perkins ass bailiff, and the characters employed to" gain possessioa " .at which he is a pronounced failure) and lastly the dia.- cavery that the wrong house has been sold. One of the most clever and original gymnastic ac's seen here is provided by the Five Petleys (four gentlemen and one lady) whose aerial coatortions and balancing earn warm approval. Will H. Fox presents a number of comely trick piaao p'aying acts while the Cedrics in an original cnnedy act and Mimic, Mine singer and step-dancer are seen to advantage. The pictures con- tinue to maintain their popularity while the orchestra. under the leadership of Mr. E. A. Wit:Mop, render a number of pleasing selections.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL POLICE RESERVE.

Troops to be Replaced by Civilians.

The Mayor of Warrington has this week receivtd an important circular which the Home Secretary has addressed to chief magistrates throughout the country, urging police authorities to take immediate steps to build up adequate police reserves which will enable them to cope with future troubles without laving recourse to military aid. The Home Sectetary points out that, although the immediate need for the appointment of special constables has passed. it is of great importance that the steps which have been taken for the registration of suitable persons ready to to serve as special constables should be continued, and that there should be in every police district a classified register of persons whose services would be available in any serious emergency. Mr. Churchill suggests the famation of a First Police Reserve, consisting of men accustomed to discipline and trained in the police or army, and a Second Police Reserve of special constables, and says it may sometimes be perfectly legitimate to enrol strikers as special constables, as the disturbances accompanying , strikes are usually caused by " hooligans " having no connection with the strikes. _ .

We are informed that the Watch Committee of the Warrington Corporation will at an estly meeting consider what steps shall be taken to give effect to the Home Secretary's rec unmendalions locally. Already the police have enrolled a number of volunteers and lists of those who are willing to serve in the vari, us classes of reservists will shortly be prepared. The Chief Consiabie would be glad to hear from any townspeople who are desirous of registering them- selves for this important branch of public service.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NOVEMBER ELECTIONS.

The Liberal Committee of the Whit,eross Ward met in Thewlis-street Schools on Thursday evening to mske arrangements for the November election. Alderman James Evans presided over a large and enthusiastic gathering among whom were Councillors H. Roberts and J. Hawthorn, Messrs. J. Dutton and W. Unsworth (joint hon. secretaries). Alderman Et 0;3 and Councillor 111. w-rums spoke eulogistically of the :ervices rendered by Councillor Roberts during his term of office in the Town Council and Councillor ROBERT, replied and referred to various improvements necessary for the ward. The following resolution was unanimously adopted: That this meeting desires to record its warm appreciation of the services of Councilior Henry Roberts as the repreysotative of this ward, cordially invites him to accept nomination again, and pledges itself in the event of a contest to use every legitimate means to secure his election by a large majority." Councillors J. Barnwell and J. Dickenson have been adopted as candidates by the Liberal Com- mittees r f Orford and Rewsey Ward respectively. In St John's Ward Mr. Peter Peacock and Mr. James Shaw are being approached in the Liberal interest. A probsble Liberal candidate is also in view in Howley Ward.

THE NEXT WIRRAL SHOW.

The Council of the Wirral and Birkenhead Agicultural Society has selected Wednestay and ,Thursisy, 11th and 12th September, as the dates for next year's Show.

WELSII DISESTABLISLISIENT. Mr. Lloyd-George says next year will tee a Govern. went Bill to diseetablish State Churches in Wales. Able Seamen Miles, of the thbmarine 13 5, was drowned on Thursday afternoon by being washed over- toard whilst the submarine was exorcising in the Channel. The body WM a t rec 'sated.

Photo Pirtle&

including the following : Bride to bridegroom, gold watehgoird; bridegroian to bride, emerald and diamond ring; handsome silver tray from the directors and the secretary if the Wallington Cafes, Ltd; a very chaste china tea servi^e from the staff of the Whimarleigh Cafe ; re-e howl and vases from the staff of the King's Cafe ; and a silver cake basket frons the employes of Sfeeara. Smith and Walker, of Horse- market-street. A novel and pleasing gift to the bride horn two friends took the form of large white heather made up in the form of a horse s'ioe and bearing the inscription : "To Miss Hayward, for ' Good Luck.' Neter mind ti.e w—Leather."

White—Jones. A large congregation assembled at St. Paul's church on Tuesday morning to witness the marriage of Mr. Fmk White, ycungest son of Mr. A. J. White. 79, Lovely-lane, and Muss " Pattie" Jones, only daughter of Mr. John W. Jones, of Alma Piece, Priestly-street, The bride, who was given away by her brother (Mr. William Jones), looked charming in a dress of cream rilk taffeta, with pearl trimmings, and cream c,ioohne hat, with lace feather. She carried a choice bouquet of lilies and white chrysanthemums. The bridesmaids were Ilihs 13. White (sister of the bridegroom), who was tastefully attired in a dress of grey taffeta, and Miss M. M. 'I hatnton, who wore a rretty dress of pale blue crepe de chene, piped with black. Each brides- maid wore a large black hat, and carried a bouquet of sweet peas. Their °mauler. ts were gold signet rings, the Os of the bridegroom. Mr. Chas Watkin, of Liverpool, acted as test man. The Rev. W. Bracecamp rifiLriatr.d, an I at the close delivered a short addre-s. A reception was held at the home of the bride's parents. Later in the day the happy pair departed for London en route f Bournemouth, where the honeymoon will be spent. The bride's travelling dress was of bltter.silk poplin with long velvet oust, and black picture hat. Many presents were received including one from the staff of Messrs. F. Morton and Co., Ltd], Garston, Liverpool.

called ; for if by any chance lie should declare himself for or against a recommendation he would be liable to very unpleasant consequences. We are not pre- pared to say whether the worthy alderman's view of the law is ctrrect or not ; but, inasmuch as the British law of registration is an extremely incongruous enactment, we Armlet not In, in the lea-4 surpri-ed if he turned out to be right, and if he was able to sit at the Council meetings in triumph, end to inscribe on his visiting card "Alderman So-and-So." It occurs to us that the party managers on both sides might with advantage turn their attention to this point in Liver- pool. We bear no malice against any living alderman. They are excellent and well-meaning citizens. but the joy of life would not be seriously diminished if 75 per cent. of them were compelled under heavy penalty to hold their tongues at Council meetings. It would Ire a beautiful sight to see Alderman A, B, C, D, and so on through the alphabet, sitting in a row in the Council Chamber, the object of intense and unfeigned admiration from the strangers' gallery, and contenting their ambition and their instinct of public duty by. displaying their mute and manly charms to an audience of their fel low-citiams and fellow-citi a:messes

• . • • 440,0 A.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
MISS HAYWARD AND MR. JAMES SMITH.

Smith --Hayward

A very pretty wedding, wl.ich aroused great local interest. took place at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church on Tuesday afternoon when Mr. Jaints Smith, of Warrington, only son of Mr. James Smith, cf Wigan, was married to Miss Esie Hayward, youngest daughter of Mr. J. W. Hayward, J.P., and Mrs. Hayward of 13, Wilson Patten-street. The church was filled with friends end well-wishers. in fact, the congreg:tion was or.e of the largest which has ever assembled to witness a marriage at Bewsey-road chnich. The Hey. W. A. , Beckett euperiutendent of the Warrington Wesleyan Circuit) officiated. Mr. W. Pearce was at the organ and played a choice selection of music, including Mendelssolin's Wedding March. The hymns The vo:ce that breathed o'er Eden" and "0 rerfcct love" were sung. The bride, who was given away by her father, was charmingly a.tired in a simple but extremely pretty gown of oyster-white satin, trimmed with c:stly Brussels lace. She carried a cluster of white heather. The bridesmair's were Milll3 El e Powell (of Birmingham), Miss Lily Hayward cousins of the bride) and Mi•s Dorothy Thigard. The Misses Powell and Hayward wore pretty Liberty fucks of Tyrian silk, v ith large black picture hate, each adorned will a large lily. Their bouquets were com- posed of pink c irnations. Miss Ling ird wore a quaint Broderie Anglaise dress and carried a posy of pink carnation. Mr. Harold Glover acted as best man and Mr. Tom Hayward (brother of the bride) as groom-man. On leaving the church the happy couple were greeted with a heavy shower of conretti. By kind permissim of Mr. R.,be..t Pierpoint the wedding party then pro- ceeded to the grounds of St. Austin's where ph to- graphs were taken. The reception was held at the Masonic Hall, Bold-street, a large number ot guests attending. Later Mr. and Mrs. Smith left Warrington for a tour in ScAlar.d, the bride travelling in a lavender costume, with a black lint beautifully trimmed with Irish crochet. .

Nearly 200 handsome presents have been received,

===== 0002601_19110923_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

Opening of the Session

Our kcal Parlisment—or give it the con ect title the Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society—will enter upon snother session on Tuesday evening next, when a business meeting will be held in Cairo-street , Church Parton,. The prospects for the coming session are highly encouraging, as there has been en increase in the membership and, with a Liberal Government in office, the programme of debstes is sure to be mo-t interesting. On Octobsr 3rd, when the King's Speech will be discussed, Sir Edward Ru:sell will be the guest of the society and deliever an address. On that occasion the meeting will take place in the Co-operative Hall. The other meetings will be held in the Cairo-street Church Parlour.

The Liberal Cabinet will be compored u follows : Prime lllinater and First Lord of the Treasury.—

E:Wynoe Jonee. Lord President of the Conacil.—Mr. Charles E. Parker. Lord krivy Seat —Councillor Locker. Chancellor of the Exchequer—Mr. J. Jarman. Colonial Secretary.—Mr. Peter Peacock. Secretary of Home Affairs.—Counmilor Hawthorn. Secretary for Foreign Affairs.—MrJ Critchley. Secretary of War.—Captain H Or Roberts. Secretary for India —Mr .1 C McDonald. Secretary for ScMland.—Mr J Darbyshire. Chief Secretary for Ireland.—Mr P O'Brien. Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster—Councillor . .

Wilkinson. President of the LOCli Government Board.—Mr H New. First Lord of the Admiralty—Mr J Elwell. President of the Board of Trade.—Mr Mark Howarth. President of the Bond of Elucation.—Mr Davey-Smith. President of the Board of Agricnlture.—Mr CI Millar Postmaster-General.—Mr S Albinson. First Commissioner of Works—Mr T B . Paymaster-General.—Mr W Clegg. Attorney-General.—Mr N Cook, jun. Patronage Secretary to the Treasury.—Mr E A Sanders , Parliamentary Secretaries. Home 0 ffics—Mr G Toulmin. Foreign Office.—Mr J S Tilling. War.—C,ouncillor .1 Halliwell. R Oxen. India.—Mr G Monks. Board of Trade.—Mr J Unsworth. Local Government Board.—Mr T F Wallington. Junior Lords a Treasury.—Mr W Monts, Mr A Iloyle, Mr J 11 Whittaker, Mr Edwin Hill 'lke officials of the Pouts will probably be as follow:— Speaker.—Mr James Ball. Secretaries —Messrs E Osborne and N Cook, jos. Hon Treesurer.—Mr E England. Clerk of the House.—Mr C H Johnstone. Mr W 11 Stannleld will be the leader of the Opposition.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
MUZZLED.

A Liverpool Comment on Warrington

Alderman's Action.

An incident has happened in Warrington !says the

" Liverp3ol Toddy Post and Mercury") which may be studied with symplthetic interest in Liverpool. At the Revisi. n Court, objection was made to the vote of a certain local alderman, and when the evidence showed that he lacked the necessary qualification as a burgess he was struck cff the roll. It has always been supposed that an accident cf this kind involved the resignation of his seat by an alderman or councillor. Elderly persons in Liverpcol will recollect the famous case of Mr. William Sir:ups:in. of the Linding-stage, ' who, being returned as a Liberal councillor, was objected to by the Conservatives on the ground that ' the Landing-stage was not situated within the borough boundaties, and as this view was upheld by authorative topographers. Mr. Simpson lost his vote, and promptly resigned his seat, under the impression that if he did not, be would render himself liable to all move of pain. and penalties. It seems, however, that Mr Simpson and his advisers were under a mistake, and that the loss of vote does not necessarily invelve loss of seat. The Warrington alderman declines to be evicted. He says that as he is not , n the burgess roll be is not qualified to speak or vote, but that he is not disqualified from being an alderman. So an alder- man he remains, and an alderman who will never interfere even in the most exciting discussion, and who will perforce remain mum when the card is

===== 0002601_19110923_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

" Facing the World Alone."

The authors of " Facing the world alone " have (veered clear of the defects which are too often unpleasantly evident in modern melodrama and have given no a play of genuine absorbing interest. While no undue tax is imposed upon the credibility of the audience, there is sufficient of the sensational and exciting to k:ep even the seasoned playgoer on tenter-hooks, and a great recommendation is the absence of irrelevant " padding " Skilful use has been made of the promising material afforded by the story of an heiress who in childhood is spirited away from a luxurious home to be brought up as a London flower girl. After years of unremitting inquiry her mother learns of her whereabouts, but the restoration of the kidnapped one to her proper social sphere comes as an alarming surprise to Captain the Hon. Reginald Parkhurst, who stands next in succession to the estates. He at ones sets to work t,) get id of this very serious tar to his worldly prosperity, first concocting an ingenious plot to show that the girl is an imposer and next attempting to murder her. Of course, all his schemes are thwarted in the end and the heroine's cu., of bitterness is once more transformed into unalloyed First in a very capable company comes Miss Ethel Van Praagh whose ortrayal of Melia Burgess, the flower girl, wins the vmpathy and approval of the audi, ace. She realizes tLe varying morals of the part with remarkable success. and at one moment has the "louse" alm,st in team whilst at the next thsy are laughing at lisr Cockney witticisms and Ictoyancy of spirit. Mr. J. Edward Whiny is calmly convincing an Captain Parkhurst,tbe evil genius of the piece. He does not succumb to the temptation which besets stage villains to oter-do their parts, but is the more effective on that account. Mr_ Rob, rt S. Pittard is well placed in the role of Caleb Valentine, the ardeut lawyer lover, and contrives to introduce acceptable touches of merriment, in pleasing contrast to the virtionsly mournful air often assumed by heves. Mr. Lim Corless gives a fine study of that old reprobate, James Sudbury ; Miss Hors Hastings is a tender and affectionate Lady Communise: and Mies May Neilson adds much to the success of the production by Ler lively acting as Flash Nance Petro/. The mounting' f the pay is on a lavish scale. Mr. Bootbrovis orchestra submits a nicely varied pro- gramme in creditable style.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Patrons of the Court Thea.re will welcome the return visit next week of Mr and Mrs J Rice Cassidy in two most interetting plays. On Monday. Tuesday land Saturday •` The Beggar Princess," • great favourite which never fails to attract large audiences, will he presented. On Wednesday, Thurs- day and Friday • Lew play " The pinch of another man's shoes" will be the attracting.

During the week commencing Oct...ler 2nd.. the late Wilson Ba:rett's famous Roman play " Claudia." will be presented, with Mr. William Maclaren in the title rile and Miss Lily C. Bandmann as Elmila.

FINED £lO.

At the Borough Court on Wedoesday,Willism Collier, a wireworker, 55, Wellington-street., was charged with loitering in Napier-street for the purpose of betting. Police-Constable Skelton said that he saw t ro men stop the prisoner and hand to him something which appeared to 10 betting slips and money. On being taken to the Police Station prisoner said : " You will find no betting slips. If you had waited s bit longer you might have seen something." Prisoner denied that he was there for the purpose of betting. Inspector Williamson mid he interviewed prisoner's wife with regard to hail, when she readily admitted that her husband vas receiving bets. The magistrates imposed a fine of flO and coats, or one mouth.

ADOPTED CHILD'S DEATH. IMPORTANT PROSECUTION BY THE GUARDIANS. FINE FOR NON-NOTIFICATION.

A case of unusual interest was heard at the Borough, Court yesterdny, before the Mayor (presiding), and other magistrates, when Hefty Salt, 27, Priestley-street mas charged with failing to give notice of the death of n child which she had adopted, within the time specified by the act, to the Guardians of the Warrington UOlOO. Mr. Shearer stated that this was the first case they bad dealt with under the Coildren's Act of 1903, which enacted that anyone adopting a child under the age of seven years must give notice within 48 biotin of the death of the child. This child died on May 10th and no notice was received by the Union. A mmsiderable time after the child's death an officer viaited the house in the usual way and found that the child was dead. It's death had been registered in the name of Hall whereas its name was Smith. The Guardians did not ask for a severe penalty but the case had been brought before the magistrates as an unusual one, to show that the Act must be obeyed. The child was born on February 19th this year. An officer of the Guardians deposed to the defendant adopting the child on March 9th and to Ws visits on March 14th and 24th, when be made reports that the defendant was a satisfactory person to have charge of the child. On August Bth he visited the house at 44, Garibaldi-street and found that the defendant had removed to 27, Priestley-street. Ile then went to that address and was informed that the child had died. He inquired of the defendant when death took olace, but she said that she could not tell him the date or the month but that it was sometime about Walking Day. The officer informed the defendant that she had com- mitted a very grievious offence and that he would have to report the matter. In reply the defendant said " Von can do what you like." The officer paid a visit to the undertaker and was informed that the child died on May 18th. Mr. Shearer fistated that at the time of the adoption the defendant was given a notice in which it was stated that removal and death had to be notified. _ . . . .

Defendant stated that Dr. Adams bad attended the child from birth and that he gave the death certificate to the child's mother and not to her. She had not time to read the notice as one of the children tore it to pieces before she could see it. Mr. Shearer : The facts are posted on the walls in the town. . . .

The chairman said that the maximum penalty for the breaking of that Act was a very heavy one, the defendant being liable to a flue of £25 or six months' imprisonment. As that was the defendant's first offence and asitbe Guardians did not wish to press the case the Bench bad decided to impose a fine of El, including costs, with the alternative of 14 days' imprisonment.

Wn the ° -A- OMITS ir BOOKMAKER

===== 0002601_19110923_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Borough Police Court.

SATURDAY .—Before Mr. J. W. Hayward in the chair), Aldermen Tinnion and Bennett, Messrs. T. Pemberton and A. J. Jolley. A SEAMAN'S THEFTS.—Harry Cosgrove, a seaman of no settled abode, Was charged on remand with steeling an overcoat value ss. from a cloakroom at St. Anus school, the property of William Cherry,and a mackintosh value 2s. 6d. from a cloakroom at Hamilton-street school, the property of Thomas I). Amos on March flnd. —Chief Inspector Williamson said that the prisoner was arrested on September tith, in Horsemarket-street, and when charged at the Police Station admitted the thefts. Ile also stated that he had sold the mackintosh to Mrs Crofts, a second-hand dealer.—lle was sentenced to a month a imprisonment. A Sti ART PENA LTY FOR RE'2EIVING STOLEN PROPERTY.—A case arising out of the above was heard when Mrs. Teresa Crone, a second-hand dealer, 15, Dial-street, was charged with receiving a mackintosh knowing it to have been stolen. Chief-Inspector Williamson said that the last prisoner took the mackintosh he stole from Hamilton-street sohool to the prisoner and asked for in. for it. In reply to the prisoner Cosgrove said that it was his own property. The prisoner then said "If you have stolen it you must not say that you sold it to me." Detective Holland called at the prisoner's shop and, handed the prisoner a type-written descrip- tion of tie missing mackintosh. She stated that she did not know anything about it. A second visit was paid by the officer to the prisoners' shop and she then sand" Oh, yes, I remember nova, I have sold it, but I will got it for you." lee mackintosh was later sent to the Police Station. Cosgrove had had previous dealings with the prisoner. Chief Inspector William- son said that the prisoner had been fined 40s. for a similar offence. Prisoner said that she had forgotten all about it. The Bench inflicted a fine of £5 and costs (.85 18s.) with the alternative of two montha' imprison- ment.

WIFE ASSAULT.—Thomas Wright, 303, High-street, Dudley Port, was summoned by his wife, Jane Wright, for assault on July 6th. Complainant said that she did not wish to press the case. She stated that the defendant on the day in question struck her, gave her a black eye, and then kicked her. Defendlot was fined' 15s. including costs, with the alternative of 14 days imprisonment. TuESDAY.—Before Councillors H. Roberts (in the chair), C. Jackson Holmes and Mr. J. Rymer Young. THEFT OF STOCKINI.S.—WiIIiam Morris, a lodging hnuse habitue, was charged with being drunk on Friar's- green, and with stealing ids pairs of children's stockings value 2s. 94., from a shop 113, Bridge-street, the property of Richard Tebbutt.—Cbief Inspector Williamson asked that the case might stand adjourned Inc further enquiries as to the man's character. About 11 o'clock on September 18th, a gentleman passing the above named shop saw the prisoner deliberately take a bundle of stockings and put them under his coat. He informed the manager of the shop who recovered the property. Detective Sergeant Reddington afterwards arrested the prisoner, who had no settled abode end bad been roaming the country :nr about nine years.—The prisoner was remanded for a Viweii. STREET Foo'reALL.—Eight youths named Thomas Hill, 2, Hamilton-streat, Frederick Douglas, 52, Battersby-lane, Squire Griffiths, 8, Stevenson-street, Earnest Pye, 48, Batteraby-lane, George Pownall, 93, Birchall-street„ Thomas Surnmeregill and Henry Sumrnersgill, 52, Battersby-lane, and Alfred Miller, 24, Stevenson-street, were each fined 21. for playing foot- ball in Battersby-lane on Sunday last. GAMING.—For playing a game of chance called banker in Fitkherbert-street, on Sunday, Robert Bradshaw, 18, Lairs-street, Samuel Leigh, 43, Forster- street, Edmund Bretherton, 75, Dudley-street, Edward Cogan, 40, Dickenson-street, Harry Millman, 21, Earl- street, Joseph Lodge, 202, Longford-street, Robert Barnett, 180, Longford-streat, Joseph Sankey, 23, Leonard-street and William Millward, May Villa, were ordered to pay ss. each. --

FRlDAY.—Be—fore the Mayor (in the chair), Aldermen Smethurst and James Evans, Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs Syrisht, W Furness, T Locker, A J Jolley,

and G Pilliog. CASE DISMISSED.—John Smith, of no settled abode, who was before the Court on August 25th, on a charge of being found on enclosed premises was again brought before the magistrates. The Chief Constable stated that the case was adjourned to enable the prisoner who was suffering from a contagious diseese' to be treated at the Union Hospital. He bad now been cured and released and be (the Chief Constable) asked that the Bench might administer a caution to the prisoner and dismiss the case.—This course was adopted. STATION THEFT.—John Bridgen, 105, Carewright- street was charged with stealing a Christmas card album and a quantity of cards from Bank Quay Station the previous day.—The Chief Constable said that the prisoner was seen about ten minutes to four the previous day by a boy named Harrison, employed upon the station, to take a parcel from a. truck. The prisoner next walked along the line towards a signal box which is about 150 yards from the station. Ile was here overtaken by a porter and taken to the station. When questioned by Detective Sergeant Clarke the prisoner stated that be was going home. The parcel was under his arm. He had bad drink but was not drunk. There was a ticket for Wolver- Lanapton in his possession, and a character which stated that he bad worked at Messrs. Greenings for five years and was a satisfactory workman.—Prisoner stated that be was drunk at the time, and could not remember anything about it.—The Bench inflicted a floe of El is. PERSISTENT CRUELTY:PhiIip Gandy, 102, Wellfield- street, was summoned by his wife for persistent cruelty. —The complainant stated that defendant was continually ill-using her for no cause whatever. A neighbour stated that she bad seen the defendant striking sod kicking his wife, on one occasion until her features were hardly recognisable.—Defendant said it was his wife's drunken habits and her neglect of the home which provoked him to strike her.—The case was adjourned for two months to see if Mr. Firth could bring the parties together. MOTHER-IN-LAW THE CArsE."— Selina Woodhouse 70, Back Dallam-lane, summoned her husband Joseph Woodhouse, for persistent cruelty.—The complainant stated that defendant was continually ill-treating her. On one occasion he rushed at her with two knives and

her mother had taken a knifa from under hi. pillow. Defendant hod been ill-treating her for about two years. lie was able to earn 21s. per week—Defendant stated that the mother-in-law was the cause of all the trouble.—The Bench adjourned the case for two months and the Chairman strongly recommended the mother-in- law to keep away.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY REVISION COURTS.

"LODGER FRANCHISE A MASS OF CONTRADICTION."

Mr. C. H. M. Wharton, revising barrister, sat at St. Helene on Tuesday to deal with the revision of the voters' lists for the St. Helens portion of the Newton Division. Mr. F. J. Downes appeared for the Liberal party, Mr. W. Forshaw the Labour party, and Mr. Arthur Smith and Mr. Mawdaley for the Conservatives. I Mr. George Cross and Mr. W. C. Baker presented the ' lists for the Prescot district, Mr. B. Smith for Rain. ford, Mr. E. Range for Eccleaton, and Mr. H. Twiat for St. Helens. The barrister first dealt with the lodger claims for the d:fferent districts, and as none of the British citizen had consented to attend and subject themselves to cross-examination they were all &truck off with about two exceptions. In the case of Lawrence Kershaw, who claimed a vote for his lodgings in Roskin drive, Mr. Smith said that it was an ordinary lodger claim, there being no relationship between the parties, and the amount paid for the rooms was the full market value. The Barrister said that clod not matter. The lodger franchise was a mass of contradiction. What the lodger paid a week had nothing at all to do with the matter, bot still he bad to put it in his declaration. Ile thought it was intended to show the revising barristkr that the lodger did pay something and that there was a contract; betas to its loll:lancing him in coming to a conclusion on the question of value be did not think it was worth anything. Mr. Smith : But he pays it to a stranger The Revising Bart later : I can only answer as I used Ito do when I first started revising voting lists, that a I man might pay 20s. a week to occupy two rooms that were worth 3s. if his landlady was very good-looking. I (Laughter.) The claim was not allowed. I When the lists had in-en " purged "of lodgers the Barrister generously offered to hear any of them if they appeared to support their claim before the court rose. PENKEIIi TANNERY MANAGER'S CLAIM.

The Revision Court for the Penketh, Sankey and Bold districts of the Newton Division, was held at the Institute, Penketh, en Wednesday morning. Mr. C. Li. M. Wharton was the revising barrister, and there were also present :—Mr F J Downes (Liberal agent), Mr A Smith and Mr W A Itlawdsley for the (Conservatives), Mr W Forshaw (Labour), Itfr E Foster (assistant overseer for Penketh), and Mr .1 Smith (assistant overseer for Sankey). Mr F J Downes claimed a lodger vote for Panketh on behalf of Mr Edward Alden Murphy, manager at the Penketh Tannery. He said that the claim was before the court a 3e:r ago but the vota was not allowed. Mr. Murphy was unable to get suitable rooms in Penketh for part of the previous year and he was compelled to lodge in Warrington. He was a manager of a large tannery and the house in which he now had apartments was near to his work. He occupied two rooms. The Barrister allowed a vote at Ashton last year to a manager of a colliery because he could not get suitable apartments elsewhere and the cottage where he lodged was only rated at Ell ss. grosaThe house w here Murphy lodged was of the value of £l3 103. There were three separate assessments, the valuation having been altered since last 3esr The Assistant Overseer said the house had been separately assessed to allow Mr. Murphy to claim his vote. The house NTBS to be demolished neat year, and Mr. Murphy would either have to get married or find another place. The Barrister, after observing that there seemed to be evidenoe that claimant would have to wander a long way, allowed the vote. WARRINGTON CASES. COUNCILLOR'S UNSUCCESSFUL CLAIM.

At noon on Wednesday Mr. Wharton attended at the Warrington Police Station for the purpose of revising the lists for the Warrington, Wooloton-with-Martins. crolt, Rixton-with-Glazebrook, and Poulton.with- Fearnhead districts of the Newton division. The assistant overseers in attendance were: Messrs. W. H. Woodcock (Warrington), James Daintith (Woolston), G. Stubbs (Sizton) and F Wright (Poulton). Mr. Downes made a joint ownership claim on behalf of Councillor Joseph Hawthorn, 3, Fally-lane, Warring- ton, is respect of freehold houses in Longshsw-street Mr. Woodcock stated that Mr. Charles Longshaw was already on the his in respect of the property. Mr. Downes asked Mr. Longshaw whether it was a fact that the claimant and he were partners in a business sense in connection with the property? Mr. Longahaw : lam a partner with him. I have a document here to prove it. Mr. Woodcock, in reply to the Barrister, said the value of the property was suMaient ti carry two votes. The Barrister (after perusing the document put in by Longs Saw) : This is an agreement by a syndicate of three persons to advance money, for the purchase of some land. That is not a bons-pc partnership within the Act.

Further questionei by the Barrister, Mr. Longshaw said the business in which they were partners was to build on the land.

The Barrister : That won't do. I hold there is no part..ner!kqp.

The claim was disallowed.

MR. W. P. RYLANDS OWNERSHIP VOTE.

Mr. Downes objected to the ownership vote of Mr. Peter Ryland' in respect of freehold land in Hawse}, road, Warrington. He stated that the objection was the same as be made last year when the claim was put in, but he had got further information. Mr. Rylands claimed for freehold lani which was included in the property occupied by Messrs. Pearson and Knowles, Ltd., and he was a shareholder and director of that company. The Barrister : That won't do.

I it-aTe oi;j-c7.-to;ci to him on the ground that, being a joint occupier and owner of the property, be is not entitled to be placed on the Warrington list. The Barrister: That won't do for this reason—thst the statute contemplates an occupation which gives a man a vote. If the occupation is not such as to give him a vote, it is no occupation at all for the purposes of the Act. For instance, you don't suggest that being a shareholder in a limited company would give a maa the right to vote in respect of his occiTatlon ? . .

Mr:Bownes : No, orf oourse not. He has no right to voteas occupier. The Barrister : Then how can you say that Mr Ry.lands occupies? . .

°Mr. Downes : He does in this sense—that the land he happens to own as a freehold within the area of those business premises, is occupied by a limited company of which he is a director and shareholder. The Barrister: I know, but you must, in order to Idisentitle him to his vote for the county, prove that he is in occupation of the land. I Mr. Downes : He is in joint occupation. I The Barrister : No, he is not in occupation. It could not be put better than by Mr. Coward in a case I decided this year. He sap' . The object of the 24th I Section of the Representation of the People Act, 1832, is to exclude freehold estate occupied by the owner within the borough, NV hieb, by reason of this occupa- tion, may confer the borough franchise, from also con- ferring a vote for the county. " That is to ally, it is not an ordinary occupation but a special occupation which is referred to in the Act. It is an occupation that gives him a vote as occupier. Now Mr. Rylands has not a vote as occupier. You admit that? Mr. Downer: Certainly. ..

The Barrister : Very well, he does not occupy. Mr. A. Smith More than that, a shareholder in a company has no bx is ten ce apart from the company. The company is an entity in law. Mr. Downes is making a layman's confusion of a legal entity. You speak of a company as" they," but a company is" it." The Barrister: The shareholder has only a right to prate. The vote was allowed.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Cheshire Courts. GRAPPENH ALL.

On Saturday morning Mr. Clement Elphinstone Llosd, revising barrister, attended in the Large Room at Grappenhall, to revise the lista of voters for the several parishes in the Grappenball polling district, which comprises Grappenhall and Latchford Without. The Liberals were represented by Mr. Cliffe and the Conservatives by Mr. Duckworth. The assistant overseers present were Mr. Joseph Smith for Latchford Without and Mr. C. H. Hoolt for Grappenhall. Tbe Rector (Rev. H. V. Pigot) also attended. Most of the business was of a formal character. UNSUCCESSFUL LODGER CLAIMS.

A number of lodger claims put in on behalf of Liberals gave rise to considerable discussion and most of them were disallowed. It was alleged that in some cases the claimants bad not had exclusive occupation of the rooms in respect of which votes were claimed and one young man was proved to have slept in a room which was als s used as a bath room. It was not, be said, used by any member of the family except swims he Naas on bis holidays. lie did not give any instructions that it was not to ba used during his absence. The Barrister said that if similar claims were made again he should demand the presence of thy claimants and, moreover, be shouid send the declarations which supported the claims to the Public l'rosecutor. lie would also exercise Ms power of inflicting fines upon the claimants.

The Liberal Agent said he endorsed what the Revis- ing Barrister had said. He rvas ignorant of the claims, which had not come through him. The Barrister said the claims were positively fraudulent. We are informed that out of a total of 14 new claims, 8 were disqualified on account of their having removed from one" lodging 'to another or in conse- quence of their falling short—in some cases by weeks only—of the statuory 12 months. Four were under age There is, however, nothing on the declaration as to the age of the claimant.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

in the afternoon Mr. Lloyd attended at the Hall Cafe, Stockton Heath, to revise the list of voters for the Appleton polling district, which comprises Appleton-with-Hull and Stratton sad the Stockton Heath polling district, which includes Stockton Heath, Walton Inferior, INalton Superior, and Warrington— that part within the geographical county of Coaster. The name political agents were present, Mr H J West brook in this case representing the Conservatives in addition to Mr Duckworth. The assistant overseers in attendance were:—Mr H Lawrence for NVelton Inferior and a portion of Warrington, Mr Joan Ellison for Stratton and Appleton, Mr A Mousdale for Walton Superior, and Mr E Bradshaw for Stockton Heath. Mr Lawrence also represented Mr W H Woodcock, the assistant overseer for Warrington. The business was of a routine character. IMRESBURV.

Mr. C. E. Lloyd concluded hie circuit of the Knuts- ford Parliamentary Division, on Monday at the Magis- tratea' Court House, Daresbury. The huts for the polling districts of Whitley and Daresbury, comprising twelve parishes, were revisad. The Liberal agent succeeded with a lodger claim for the parish of Seven Oaks.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
-CONSERVATIVE CLAIMS DISALLOWED.

In the parish of Preston-o'th'-Hill, there were six Conservative lodger claims, the whole of which were auccessfully opposed by Mr. H. Clare, the Liberal agent, being disallowed by the Barrister. At the close of the Court, which lasted about two hours, Mr. Duckworth, the Conservative agent, said he wished to thank Mr. Lloyd, on behalf of the party he represented, for the able manner in which the Barrister had conduated the Ravision, which had been a very pleasant one. Ile hoped they would be able to meet for many years. He also wished to thank the overseers for the careful manner in which they had prepared the lists ; taking them all through they could not have been better. Oa the whole it had certainly been an excellent revision.

Mr. Chile, behalf of the Liberals, said be had pleasure in suppdrting what his friend bad said, and be was grateful to the Barrister for the consideration he had shows one who was yet quite new to this Court and to the work. He was much obliged for the readiness with which the Barrister had re-opened the cases of claimanta, where more evidence or light had been brought into Court and was sue his friend, Mr. Duckworth, would agree with him. Concluding, Mr. Chile sincerely hoped that Mr. Lloyd would be spared for years to come to preside over the Courts in the Knutsford Division.

The Barrister ILI reply, said he was much obliged to both the speakers for their kind remarks. He wished to express his appreciation of the efficiency with which both Mr. Duckworth and Mr. Cliffe had done their work. When the agents did their work well, and the claims and objections in each parish were attended to, the work of the Court was lightened. It was pleasant to Bad that such friendly feelings had been exhibited the one to the other. They had, happily, escaped that bitterness which, unfortunately, they read of in some courts. With regard to the overseers, he was pleased to say that their work had been extremely well done with the exception of one or two small ptriabes where the work had been as bad as it csald have bean. He would not, however, mention the parishes.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

OUR "PHIL."

All hail to the Warrington Philomathic Society; likewise more power to its elbow. In view of its extraordinary achievements, it is not stall extravagant to claim that if this enterprising institution had not come into existence the intellectual life of the district would have been decidedly lower than it is. That, indeed, will be readily and gratefully conceded by many, and one need not trouble to support it by the mass of facts and figures ready to hand. Sufficient for the day is the remark that the organisation to which last season we were indebted for the lectures by Shackleton, Chesterton, and Dickens has now ensured a visit by a yet more attractive personality. I rcfer, of course to MISS ELLEN TERRY,

Who so long ago as Jima 19013, had been fifty years on the stage, and still continues to excercise an irresistible fascination over all. As an old colleague of mine—whom in circumstances hinted at hereafter I sought out on Saturday last—observes, the secret of the spell which Miss Terry has cast over playgoers, not less in the American continent than in her native England, is to be found not only in her marvellous gifts as an artiste, but also in her woroanly sympathy and charm—qualities which have endeared her to the public as much as to her private friends. Her artistic genius ranges over a wide field. If it be thought by any that in tragic intenaity she falls somewhat belpw the greatest of her predecessors she has certainly not been excelled in poetic grace and charm, or in tender pathos. There can be no doubt that on November 9th, when the great actress is to give a dramatic recital here, the Parr Hall will be excessively crowded, there- fore seats should be secured in good time. A NOTEWORTHY INCIDENT.

I happen to be fresh from reading Miss Terry's autobiography, in which she has many reminiscences of Sir Henry Irving leading up to the story of her quite friendly sepatation from him, when he took " Faust" and Tennyson's " Beckett " to America and she declined hie invitation to appear therein. I may Jetta° to the subject in a future contribution; here and now I may just repeat the story of how Miss Terry once retired from the stage and bow she was induced to return to it. She writes :—" I left the stage for six years, without the slightest idea of ever going back. I left it without regret. A-id I was very happy, leading a quiet, domestic life in the heart of the country. When my two children were born, I thought of the stage less than ever. They absorbed all my time, all my interest, all my love ! One day, I was driving in a narrow lane, when the wheel of the pony cart came off. I was standing there thinking what I should do next, when a whole crotvd of horsemen in ' pink' came leaping over the hedge into the lane. One of them stopped, and asked me if he could do anything. Then he looked hard at me, and exclaimed, 'Good God, it's Nally ! ' The man was Charles Reade. • Where have you been all these yearn? 'he said. I have been having a very happy time,' I answered. 'Well, you've had it long enough. COlll3 back to the stage ! " No. never ! ' ' You're a fool. You ought to come back.' Suddenly I remembered the bailiff in the house a few miles aw.iy, and I said laughingly. 'Well, perhaps I would think of it if someone would give me forty pounds a week !" Done !' said Charles Reade. 'lll' give you that and more, if you'll come and play Phillippa Chester in 'The Wandering Heir." The offer was accepted. MORRIS DANCING.

• I have intimated that I had another little 'jaunt on Saturday. A Rochdale writer for the Press invited , me to accompany him on a pilgrimage to the quaint old Ashworth Chapel. It stands on a considerable, eminence overlooking Heywoodl(or "Monkey Town,' as irreverent outsiders will persist in calling it), and the burial ground contains an unusually large propor- tion of cunous epitaphs. It is not with these, bow- ever, that lam at present concerned. On the return journey to Rochdale, we had the good fortune to encounter a numerous body of Minns dancers First in popular estimation in mediirval times, the Morris dance has fallen on evil days, and it was refreshing to find that in the Rochdale district this picturesque and ancient form of amusement along with rushbeariug, by-the-bye), still sur- vives, and that apparently in vigour. Professor Skeet Bays it took its name from the Moors. According to what I have read of it, there was a period in our island story when it was reckoned among the foremost of English sports ; most emphatically, the May-day celebration of a by-gone age would have bees considered seriously incomplete without it. As I saw it reproduced on the recent occasion now in question, there was nothing about it that was not perfectly innocent, and one cannot under- ,tand why so innocuous a pastime should have been banned by the good Puritans of two centuries and a half agl. I read that in 1530 complaint was made by one Mr. Edmond Assheton of the "lewd sports of the May Day celebrations of his time, but whether Morris dancing (Morrice is the olden form of spelling) was included among these does not appear, as the complaint does not particularise. As to its origin, I have cited a learned professor who has the suppoit of various autholities ; but I ought to note thatat least one has ventured to differ from these. Strutt, in '• Sports and Pastimss," writes thus—" I make no doubt the Morris dance, which afterwards became exceedingly popular in this country, originated with the fools' dance, and thence we trace the bells which characterized the Morris dancers. The word Morris applied t 3 the dance is usually derived from ' Morisco which in the Spanish language signifies a Moor, as if the dance had been fates from the M ors ; but I , cannot help considering this is a mistake. He goes to state that the Moorish dance was different, there being only one performer, and castanets or rattles being used in it instead of bells. THE COOKERY CENTRE.

" I want to learn to make a jelly," aaid the newly installed housewife. " Is it hard ? " " Oh, Lord,

no, mum," replied the cook, with supreme pity. "It's soft." In that case it was the servant who misunder- sto-d. Take an example in which, so to put it, the bcot was on the other leg. " I want to complain of the flour you sent me the other day," said Mrs. Yonngwife severely. " What was the matter with it, ma'am? " asked the grocer. It was tough. My husband limply wouldn't eat the biscuits I made with it." Judging by the offic'al returns respecting the cookery centre here, Warrington will soon have no further use for the joker whose stock.itetrade consists mainly of such criticisms as the foregoing I rather surprised to learn from one well- I informed woman writer that the s udy of domestic science in the public schools by no means meets with favour everywhere among the parents. Some are indifferent and others sneer and sniff at it contemptu. finely. One affected, opinionated woman, when she first heard that cooking was being taught, could not emces'. her amusement. To her and others like her domestic science meant nothing but dabbling with cooking-lessons—learning culinary capers. Teaching it in the schools was to her a ridiculous absurdity. " I shouldn't want Margaret to waste her time on cooking at school," she remarked " I can teach her that at h me." My own view is that there is plenty of room for extension and develooment of the work so favourably reported upon last week. lam decidedly disposed to agree with the assertion that, taking this country as a whole, we are a long way behind in the matter of domestic management and economy. Should any shade of doubt be cast upon this statement, let any who have had long experience in the management of an establishment of their own look back upon the years that are sped, upon the ignorance and con- sequent failures that have obtained through them, and were only with much difficulty and much loss finally overcome —mistakes that could for the most port have been avoided by a systematic training in early life. Assuredly such expenditure and waste need never have been if the leading lines of domestic managament and economy had been well drilled into the mind definitely and precisely by efficient teachers from earliest childhood as is now more than ever the case in Warrington. Moreover, as I have stated, there is ample room for further improvement along the lines indicated. A while ago I dipped into a timely little handbook for elementary teachers. It is entitled " Home Management: A Three Years' Course for Schools," by Miss Wilena Hitching, headmistress of Meanwood-road Girls' School, Leeds, published by Messrs. W. and R. Chambers Miss Hitching proposes a course of lessons, very simple and homely in character, all designed to teach girls how to manage homes in a wholesome, healthy, and thrifty manner. These lessons she has been giving is her own school for some time past, with much accep'acce by her pupils and their parents. There are lessons on personal cleanliness, on domestic work, on the punch no and preparation of good food on the choice of dress, on the choice of wallpapers and furniture, and on the care of infants. Surely girls should first and above all else be fitted for the duties of life they will have to perform when they have homes of their own. One would have supposed it so obvious as to go without saying that girls who are destined to become helpmeets for shopkeepers, artisans, clerks, miners, mill operatives and the like need not have too much time spent upon them in the relation to the art of mixing colours and painting flowers, in the principles of citizenship, and other sub- jects foreign to the work of keeping a home together economically and at the same time at its highest efficiency. SWIMMING.

" Must it really be kept a secret that the dogma of physical exercise is a fabric of imagination? "asks Professor Hugo Munsterberg, the Harvard psychologist in his recent book, " Problems of Today" and he goes on—" If once we liberate ourselves from the hygienic cant with which our time is overflooded we must recognise the comic aspect of the situation. Millions of people are running wildly to catch a ball, lifting weights in fullest perspiration, trotting with gasping breath, and doing a hundred other useless , stunts simply because a meaningless fashion has cruelly thrown them into such a habit." There's a great deal more to the like effect, but the point I wish for the moment to emphasise is that the professor's most extraordinary denunciation of various forms of athleticism leaves unaffected the noble art of which the local Swimming Club gave so striking a demonstration on Thursday evening. Every boy and as many gills as possible should lest n to swim, and the more proficient the rising race becomes in this the better. Even those who lift up their voices against football and raid against other p,pular spouts and pastimes must admit and even commend this. WEATHER TO ORDER.

Last week's note on the local rainpour brought to my mind something said by Mr. S. Z de Ferranti in the course of his presidential address to the Institute of Electrical Engineers. He solemnly avowed his belief that the time would come when it would be thought no more wonderful largely to control our weather than it was n tar thought wonderful to control the water after it had fallen on the land. He thought that it would be possible to acquire knowledge which would enable us largely to control by electrical means the sunshine which reached us, and in a climate which usually had ample moisture in the atmosphere to pro- duce rainfall when and where we required it It might be possible when we knew a great deal more about electricity than we did to-day, to net up an electrical defence along our coasts by which we could cause the moisture in the clouds to fall in the form of rain, and so prevent the-e clouds (Lifting over the country between ourselves and the sun, instead of so ' often blotting the latter out—though I fancy few readers of he"t Examiner" will this season have any complaint to make o that sco-e. To conclude, how- ever, the speaker referral to said it also seemed to him that it would he putsible, when more water on the country was required, to cause the falling of rain from the clouds passing over the highest part of the country, and so produce an abundance of water which properly used, would greatly add to the fertility of the country. That is all right. So mate it be—and 0 let it be soon. Still, I for one must confess that I " has ma doots."

===== 0002601_19110923_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THIRTY YEARS OF DISFIGURING ECZEMA CURED.

" Ever since I was a little girl, thb ty years ago, I had suffered tortures from eczema in one of its worst forms. The disease runs in my family, and mine was of a scaly and most disfiguring kind. The eczema formed in round rings, and then scales all over my Face and limbs. I have been smothered from head to foot. I was born in Leamiugton, which is famous for its sulphur baths and pump waters, and one would think that after taking the tteatment there regularly ,as I did, the disease would long ago have been cured, but it was not. I attended the --- Hospital for ' years and years, so you will see I gave it a fair trial. 'Everyone in the town knew of my case. When I was ' a girl I lived for a short time at Chapeltown, Leeds, and I was treated at a hospital there, but without receiving any benefit. My face was disfigured very badly. A doctor told me tbat I should never get rid of it. I spent pounds in doctors' bills, and I attended several hospitals, but nothing did me any good. " Then one day an uncle of mine recommended the Cuticura Remedies. He had also been troubled for years with severe eczema of a different kind, and had tried hundreds of different things, but nothing did him any good until he tried the Cuticura treatment. Now he is entirely cured; he uses Cuticula& Soap regularly and has no sign of eczema. I took his advice, and commenced to use the Cuticura Soap. To my astonishment an improvement at once set in, and my hair, which had been • complete mass of scales and scurf, soon began to look in splendid condition. Then I boug'4 a box of Cuticura Ointment, and this cleared my skin wonderfully. In a few week,' time all traces of the scaly eruptions had com- pletely disappeared. Now my skin is clair and healthy, and thanks to the the Coticura Remedies lam completely cured of eczema. All my neighbour' were astounded ; they knew what • sight I was, and the manner of my cure by Cuticnra Remedies was nothing short of a marvel. People often ask me how I was cured, and I tell everyone that it was Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment. The Cuticura Remedies are worth their weight in gold, and one tablet of Cuticura Soap goes farther than four cakes of cheaper soaps. I shall always keep it in the house, hr it has brought happiness into my home." (Signed) Mrs. Butler, 17, Francis rd, The Cotterrido, King's Norton, Birmingham, July 26. 1910. Post free, from F, Newbery and Sins, 27, Charterhouse Sq, lAndoo. samples of Cuticura Soap and Ointment, with 32-p. book on skin treatment.

George Wbittiosham, e labourer employed by the Great Central Railway at Guide Bridge, was killei on Wednesday so the result of being knocked down by en engine in dm goods 3ard.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
<- waro .., • '-. - •••• dio -::-"••• • "- .0.4 • • _-- - - ..• • • --..----....• 1:: Irmo 1 ' ~.__. __A 1,...,......?)

-......1•••• ~.-..

eNy IN.

4

===== 0002601_19110923_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
The C.L.B. and the Cadet Scheme.

There is at the present time a great deal of discussion among the governing bodies of the various lads' organizations in the country over the question of recognition by the Territorial Associations. The Church 'Ads' Brigade is aft ected by the turmoil. The governing body of this organization declare that they i did not seek recognition, but are prepared to accept t now they have been assured that the spiritual side of their work will not be impsired by the working of this Cadet schnoe. The Lord Chief Justice of England (Lord Alverstone), speaking on the subject of recogni- tion at the last annual meeting of the C.L.B. said : "Having studied the question with the greateal care, I do honestly believe that by connection with the Territorial Association the tyisiti 30 of the Church Lads' Brigade will be strengthened and its power tor good will increase." A compiny at Knotaford has already been granted recognition and its officers have received their commissions.

Wycliffe P S.A. Society. There was a very large gathering at the open meeting of this society on Sanday. Mr. E. Osborne presided and said how pleased he was to preside over that large meeting. These brotherhood meetings were doing an untold amount of rood. Ho had the greatest pleasure in once again meeting the Rev. H. Donnie° who hid come at great inc.mveniencs to himself to speak at that meeting. Rev. H. Dunnico siid he was more than pleased to meet so many old friends in Warrington. He conld not forget that about nine years ago he comet) War- rington as a young stranger, but the years spent amongst them had brought them closer togtther and he hoped they would continue to reciprocate the good feeling created. He could not forget old friends and not least their chairman. He wished t 3 speak to them of the great changes that bad taken plsce during the last fifty years. The various parts of the world were now so closely connected that a visit could be paid t 3 several countries in a very short time, whereas fifty years ago it took • very lengthened period. Men would say even now that the old days were better than these. That he did not believe. There were more Christian people to-day than ever. More work was being done for Christ than ever. The Gospel was being preached in every part of the world. Voltaire said, more than on hundred years ago, that in one hundred years Christianity would be played out. Two thousand years ago Christ said "I, if I be lifted up, shall draw all moo unto Ha." Tasty must not be in a hurry. Scientists said the world as we knew it took millions of years to c•eate. Christ had only had 1,900 years and men ware c3miug to him. The world was coming to know Christ, the Friend of alone's. This earth must be prepared for the coming of Christ on earth. Let them try to make men ready for earth's life. Christ had seen to the rest. " I have prepared a place for you." He wished that society God.spaed in its work. Mn. E. A. Sanders sang in her usual telling way " Come unto Me," and "0 rest in the Lord." Mr. W. H. Payton was at the organ. The Secretary led the prayer. Six new members received a hearty welcome. A good collection was taken. The meeting closed with singing "Throw out the life line," which was most heartily joined in.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Bold-street Wesleyan Church Recognition

Meeting.

There was a very interesting and enthusiastic meeting of the Bali-street Wesleyan members hsld in the schoolroom on Toursdavevenin; las% Al the suggestion of the new pastor the Rev. Hugh Williamson. B A., the leaders of the church invited members of the congrega- tion to meet him, Ind to have a friendly tale on matters affecting the work of the church. Mr. William Clegg presided and was supported by the Rev. Hugh Williamson Messrs. J. C. Holland, F. A. Harris and George Weaver.

• _ TheCHAIRSI Aar pointed out that the meeting hal been organised with a view to bringing members of the congregation into close touch with their new minister. The spiritual aspect of the church was bright, aud he thought that Bold-street was in for a glorious time in the near future. The evening congregations were improving. And what would help still more was the realization of individual responsibility. It was their duty as members of the Wesleyr.n Methodist Church to use evera endeavour to get others into the church. Mr. Clegg culled upon the following members to speak for their respective sections of the church work. Mr J C Holland tfen's Bible Class). Mr A II Wild (Poor Steward), Mr George Weaver (Trust Fund), Mr Frank Hickman (choir), Mr William Siloock (Sunday school). Mr Twiss (0 it-dsor Mission), Mrs Whitmore (Sisterhood), and Mrs Paulson (Wesley Guild). They were all of one opinion that the best endeavours were boinu put forward for a successful ministry during Mr. Williamson's term. They assured him of their loyalty and gave to him a very hearty welcome. Mr. WILLIAMSON spoke in terros of entire satifaction at the very hearty welcome that had been accorded to him. He assured them all of his appreciation for the great kinduess which had been shown him since coming into their midst. He (Mr. Williamson) had during the last few days, bees reading some of the history of their grand old church at B rid-street. Ha admired the men who in the past had worked with such splendid loyalty to build up such a church as they had got. They must see to it that the good work done in the past would be carried on by them. He had not much fear, for i.e had also found that to a gnat many people Bold-street Church counted fora goad deal. It formed a very wurm place in the hearts of many of its present day members. His ministry in Warrington was an entirely new experience to him. He had never hal charge of a similar work to that which was carried or here. He could not say what the outcome of his work uauld be, but he would do his ben and with their warm cu-operation good work could be done. For ought else which might follow he would ask them in those famous words to" Wait and see."

The meeting was made all the more enjoyhble by the assistance of the choir, conducted by Mr. F. Hickman. Among the pieces rendered were the pert song " Moonlight " ; anthem, "Sun of my Soul." The following also very ably contributed solos :—Miss Carrie Hastings, "The Wood Pigeon " ; Mr. Warbur- „ I ton, Down the Vale " and Mrs. Booth, "The Wren." At the interval refreshments were handed round, and a very successful supplementary recognition meeting was brought t 3 a close by a vote of thenks to all who had made it so enjoyable. This was moved by Mr. F'. A. Harris in a neat speech. The meeting finally closed by singing the Doxology.

Sacred Heart ,R.C).

The annual charity sermons in aid of the mission

.. were preached on Sunday last at Sacred Heart R.C. Church, by the Rev. Father lCrotty, the first curate of the parish and now of St. Mary's and St. John's,

Newton.le-Willows. Large and attentive congregations listened to eloquent discourses at both morning and evening services. Special music was rendered by the choir under the able leads rspip of Mr. P. %Calsh.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST FESTIVALS.

ST. BARNABAS'

The opening services in celebration of the harvest thanksgiving were held at this church on Thursday ' evening. The church had been artistically decorated with flowers, fruit, corn and vegetables, the altar, font and pulpit having received special attention. A large congregation assembled at evensong when the preacher was the Rev. C. H. Peters, of Smallbridge. The service I was conducted by the Vicar 'Rey J H G Hollingworth., assisted by the Rev J W Glendenning, formerly curate at St. Barnabave. A creditable rendering of the anthem " Blessed be thy basket and thy store, ' (•insy.. ri was I given by the choir, Miss E. Evans being the soloist. Mr. T. Evens presided at the organ. The preacher took for his text the words " Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ' (Epheeisne v., 20.) He said that the hirvesti festival etimulatei their thoughts and lei them to think of whst God had dme for them, how He had made it possible for the harvest to be grown and reaped year by year withmt fail. lie had male a great preparation for the harvest and we were able to enjoy the fruits. There bad bsen brought into the church not only the necessaries of life but also the extras which were not absolutely necessary for life. God created man to be beautiful and He made the flowers thet when man stepped on to the earth he might be refreshed by that r fragrance and delighted by their beauty. Toe benefits were the symbol of God's good- ness, and when we began to think of His goodness we were led to thank Him for Gig bruntiful gifts. We were upon this earth to praise (lad, and yet we did not praise Him as W 3 ought, nor did we thm'c Him as we ought. How many of them could honestly sly thst it was their practice to think GA for His benefits ? We learned that thanksgiving was • mere virtue, last yet it was dangerous to neglect it. We ought to think over what wa owed to God in order to go on sod Ilse a life of thanksgiving. OW prayer went Op "Give as this dry our daily bread," cad that prayer was answered. We were like little children with Gad scour father. We could not expect a little child to di mirth for es, but there was 01211 thing it could do which brought joy to the pareht's heart and that was to place confidence end care in them and so we should place our band in His end walk with Him. We rejoiced in the faithfulness of God because He had promised that as long as the earth remained, the harvest would not fail and coif Ile was faithful to us we ought tube faithful to Him. We all trusted God especially In tin:woof difficulty and trial and cried for mercy and deliverance, but the faithful Ceriatiaa was not only the one who trusted God but one whom ri od could trust and one who could be relied upon to carry out that purpose for which be we

created. God vase the eternal Giver who never ceased to give and all who were possessed of a divine nature loved hire, hut there %vas not anybody truly divine who did not know how to give. They gave &portion of the froitand vegetables ti the church to show that they believed they were His gifts and to acknowledge their indebtedness to Him. If they did not thank Gad sod attend the C3uroh's services lb missed their thanks- giving and praise. The collection was in aid of the Choir Fund. •ST. PETER'S HARVEST FESTIVAL.

The harvest festival services were commenced at St. Peter's church on Thursday evening. The church was very tastefully decorated. Those who assisted In the decoration included the following :—Mrs Percival, Mrs S Steel, 'Mrs.lohn Condell, Mrs Garnett, Mrs Wehster, Misses ince, Miss Ramforth, Mrs East, Mr rod Mrs Clayton and Mr Quillen. Thursday's 'erste wm conducted by the vicar, Rev. B. Percival. aid the lemons were reed by the curate, the Rev. J. H. Garnett, The Rev. J. C. Chapman, of Oldham, was the preacher and in the course of his sermon he said that at harvest festivals they gave thanks for the fruits of the esrth. Their thanks ought not to end there, for they ought to devote their lives to the worship of the God, who gave teem those fruits. There was BOUM special singing by the choir. Mr. E. A. Podmore presided at the organ.

LEG!! STREET PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH. . .

I The harvest festival in connection with Logh-street 1 Primitive Methodist church, was held on Sunday, whets two sermons were presched by the pastor (Rev. W. Cooper). Good congregstions were the role throughout ths day. In the 'Tel-noon Mau°,let's 'cantata" A song of Thanksgiving," was given in a most creditable manner, the principal soloists being Miss Sara Silcock, Mr. William Tynan and Mr. Nathan Cook, jun., Miss B. Brown, Mr. M. Hamilton and Mr. W. Clayton also taking part. Mr. W. Roberta presided. At the evening service the anthem "0 clap your bands" was ably rendered by the choir, Miss B. Brown taking the solo. Mr. N. C sok also rendered Sullivan'. " Thou art passing henae." Miss Atkinson presided at the organ morning and afternoon, and Mr. Hogarth at the evening servics.-0a Monday evening the usual fruit bangoet was held, presided over by Mr. H. Bellingham, and there was a good attendance. Songs, duets and trios were given by Misses Woodland, Jones and Spruce, also a song by Mr. W. Tynito and is duet by Messrs. Tynan and Spruce. Miss Spruce acted as accumpanist. A sale of fruit and vegetables followed, after which a vote of thanks moved by Rev. W. Cooper. and seconded by Mr. H. 0. Bennett, concluded the proceedings.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WARaIriGTON Church •

CHRIST CHURCH, PADO.ATE,

There were large congregations at this Church on Sunday when the harvest thanksgiving services were concluded. As usual the church was most beautifully decorated, ths work having been underttken by the following ladies (—Mesdames Walsh, Haddock, Hatton, Young, Foyer and Webb; and the Misses Hirano, Houghton, Whittle, Gibson, Barnes, Huth, Turner and Harter. The preacher at the morning service was the Rev. Conan Stevenson, who based his discourse on the words," Were there not ten cleansed, but where are thu nine ?'' He said that people nowadays lacked the spirit of thankfulness for ths many bles,ings they received, and be instanced St. Francis of Assisi as an example of a truly thankful! man. The evening preacher WU the Rev. F. Lindon Perky°, vicar of Holy Trinity Church, Southport, who took as his text the words, " They understood not concerning the loaves." The musical portion of the services received very pains- taking att ntion from the choir. In the morning the anthem was "He watereth the hill " (Simper), the solos of which were very well rendered by 'Messrs. S. Oddy (baritone), nut William Platt (tenor), while its the evening the anthem wan" Taon vis'test the earth" (Simper), the treble solo being very sweetly sung by Master James Young. The offertories amounted to upw4rds of Ell and are to be devoted to the chart& fabric repair fund.

CROSFIELD'S RECREATION_ BOWLING CLUB

• To-day (Saturday) at Crosfield's Recreation ground, Hood-lane, the final event for the girls' howling main will take place. This competition has so far been very keen and enjoyable ; IA girls entering for this event there are now 16 left to play oft for the various prise& Mr and Mm J J Crosfield have promised to attend, and Mrs .1 J Crosfield will present the prizes. There will also be a tennis tournament and two hockey mstcluss held on the some day, and Crosfield*s band will also be in attendance and render various selections.

.ERIAL POST TESTS SUSPENDED. The Postmaster-General (the C,entral News is informed) haa decided to conduct no further experiments st present in the establishment of a system of wrial mails. Misstatement which appeared in the Press to the effect that the French and English postal authorities had entered into negotiations with a Frr :IA airman for an :or'sl post between Calais and Dover is therefore incorrect.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Her Nerves Collapsed.

A Nurse's Eloquent Proof of the Tonle value of Dr. Williams Pink Pills.

The erduous duties of a nurse's profession fall especially heavy on those who pcssess little reserve strength. Nurse Adams, of S. Dale- street, Accrington, for instance. • has vivid recollections of her own trials. Relating the facts recently to a ,reporter, Nurse Adams stated :—" I fell a victim to Nervous Prostration soon after entering one of the London hospitals as a nurse. I had worked bard and prised my examinations.but found it difficult to keep going owing to extreme nervcus weakness. NtlitSE ADAMS. "I took much 'medicine, lint eventually I was bed ridden. with my , nervous system completely collapsed. D;stressing stomach and kidney troubles arose. I had no appetite, and was afraid to d. ink anythinr. My eyes were puffy, my heart palpitated, and I could scarcely bear the pain which tortured my loins. "Msnv trewments were tried, but I seemed only to get worse and worse. Fainting attacks exhausted me so that on several occasions it was thought I would die. I had no good blood ; my kidneys were poisoning use ; my stomach would not tolerate plain fool gm all nourishment was in a pre-digested form. " I was taken home later on, and on my mother's advice I began a course of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. At first the Pills were crashed in milk—for I was too weak to swallow solids. But after a time my appetite began to assert itself, and ;gradually I become able to take substantill meals. So my strength increased and my blood was renewed. "After further treatment with Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I was able to take exercise; the kidney troubles left me and my heart grew strong. By persevering with Dr. Williams Pink Pills alone every trace of weakness, and every ache from head, limbs snl loins passed away, and my nerves were perfectly toned. Since then I have msrried sod have four sturdy children ; but I have never bad any return of my early illness." Weak persons of both sexes should writs to address below for free booklet " Diseases of the Nervous . . _

Dr William 4 not P 1,14 are obttinahle of dealers or direct from the D. Wdliams 11-clicine ('o, Holh ,ro Vitultrq, London, :lc. plet free 24, thl. on yx, or 134. 97. for six 6.k/et. DJ not ha tempted t 3 experiment with enhatitutea; buy only the ratline Pins that are a proved core.

- I WILL GIVE YOU U. GENC/WP: TBSTI MON Y. lIIRS LILY ELSIE writes : II ir excellent and mNat beautifully p3rf I,IA I Anil always nee it." MISS ELLEN TERRY write.. .• It la excellent." MISS IREN,E yANBRUGH wrlt

Quite eirehenia:Od'-' m"" pleasant to ase.'7 MIS 3 JULIA NEILION writes :

" I like itC:ery—m"neh. FANJIK BROUGH write,

/gnat excellent. Dellghtfnlly refre‘hing.. GLAnys HUXLEY write,

• It hi the BENT I have EVER aged." NOTHING neel badded tc convince Yon that THE ELSINE SKIN FOOD

It thor.,.,gbly Celan.. the Sala of ALL Bletokbet Fimatities and Preserves. Price 26. post free,. or cot olt this advt., send witla I' 0. Is. 64. and get the odsp. net as off erei above. tidde Proprietor ***** TS. PHARMACIST. FOWEV. CORNWALL.

er-4. . cry %.4-.4. **-- -,- ‘ 46 '44 1\ i \ f -- - T.------/1 /------')/ ' 1 - I - '

===== 0002601_19110923_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
REL/GiOUSi--SOC/AL

===== 0002601_19110923_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

• , „ , , A S • • ' , • • 4 , • 4

===== 0002601_19110923_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
A THOUSAND ANGLERS AT A CONTESI.

On the Welland, at Kirkstead, Lincs., the annual fresh-water angling contest has lust been held. Altogether there were over 1,000 enthusiastic anglers lined up along one side of the river, covering several miles. The distance some had to travel to reach their stand was considerable, and it was found necessary to employ a steamer to lana the anglers at different points.

- • ' * , toe" ;OS tole. g „ow*. 4 - t_ -- • L '

===== 0002601_19110923_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' BILLIARD MATCH.

Oae by one the quieter branches of sport are being invaded by women. Miss Ruby Roberts this week acquired the distinction of being the first of her sex to win a public billiard match. Miss Roberts's opponent was Miss E. Collins, and in a game of 400 up, ker best break was one of 50. The match was held in the Minor Hall, Leicester Square, London. Miss Roberts plays an exceedingly graceful game, and the match was followed with close merest. She will no doubt have to meet a good many challenges if shc decides to call herself Lady Billiard Champion, as she is being urged to do.

The b:hothal has just been announced of the Czar's eldest daughter, the Grand Duchess Olga, to the Crown Prince of Bulgaria. The Grand Duchess is 16 years of age, and is just one year younger than her betrothed.

.:4!" fit . '444, tv °'•••• •

,s• 71

CZAR'S ELDEST DAUGHTER.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
M. STOLYPIN.

The wounds inflicted upon M. Stolypin. the Russian Premier, by an assassin during a gala performnnce at the Opera at Kieff, proved fatal on Monday evening last. His recovery at one time seemed assured. It is understood that the assassin was also a Police spy, and that his duplicity had been discovered. It was to save himself from death that he undertook the murder of Ma Ihemier.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOL4RSRIP EXPLOITERS

Lancashire Educatiol Committee's

Precautions

Sit Henry Hibbert presided over a mooing of the Lancashire Education Committee at Praston on blond ey. Archdeacon Fletcher, in moving the adoption of the report of the Scholarships Sub-oommittse, said Pie report was the most interesting documont of the year, so it contained the list of successful candidates 111 a large number of competitions. It WM interesting to note that all the scholarships were not carried oil by students front the large municipal schools, although they bad secured a majority in Irking eight of the awards. The first muslc scholarship had been gained by a young working miner, James Farrienond (22), of Standish, and the second by Gertrude lileasdale, Lancaster. The whole of the silty awards in music had been gained by students under private tuition, there being very few institutions to the county gi•ina the necessary education in these sub- jects. Regarding an application from teacup for a special grant for maintenance in respect of two students who bad been awarded junior exhibitions, Archdeacon Fletcher said he did not think the Educa- tion Committee ought to bribe people to take their exhibitions if they were not worth while having with- out special grants. Sir Henry Hibbert said he was given to understand that the applications in question were made in conse- quence of extreme joverty, sod under those circum- stances the committee's regulations did not permit them to give students financial aid when asked for. The committee, like other authorities, were doing their best to rescue ability, and it was smatter of extreme regret that they were unable to give tha aid sought for.

CUMMING A-GAINST DOD6Oi4.

Mr. Walker tailed the rineetion an to the precoutioos taken by the committee to prevent people residing outside the administrative area taking a EM 111 cottage temporarily, and so qualifying for the scholarship com- petitions. A day or two ago be had a cue brought to his notice, which, so far as be hod boon able to investi- gate, looked very bad. He did not think the soloolar- ships of the county ought to be exploited in the way it seemed to indicate. Archdeacon Fletcher slid that formorly tho qualifica- tion wan that a pareon must ha a resident or ratepayer in the county, and a man might, therefore, rate a stable and pay a small rate and no become qualified. But that had been altered since, for the latest regulations net out that every applicant for scholarships must be children of parents who immediately preceding the date of the examination, had been resident for six months within the county area. The committee very carefully went to the bottom of any case where the county 'scholarships weie being abused in any form.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
TORTURED WITH PILES.

Feared Tha Knife Was His Only Hope.

ZAM-IWK SAVES A DREADED .OPERATION.

Fr m n strong healthy man Ur. William B. French, a pt sinker, of 41, Stavordale Street, Dawdan,Seaham Harbour, was reduced 11 piles to such a state that he had to crawl about on hands and knees After seven- teen years' torture the doctor toil him that a surgical operation was hs only hop., but Z.m-Buk cured him without tee unto t) the dreaded " knife." To a reporter Mr. French gave the f Bowing details of his remarkable case

" Through sating nn a trel seat I got piles about seventeen years ago," he said. " I suffered agonies and often could neither sit nor stand, but was obliged to be on my back until the pain awl bleeding had stopped. I went to Brazil to wotk a few years ago, but had to come home because of ill-health. When I got back to England the piles attacked me worse than ever. The bleeding and discharge were awful, and I was often in such pain that I could only crawl about on my hands and knees. I boat two stones in weight and got very ill and depressed. " I spent pounds on all sorts ol mere ointments and medicines, and always teemed to be pay Mg doctors' bills, but the piles will tortured me. At last one &WOr told me my only hope tots to go into hospital and hare an ',lteration. Though I had a horror of ' the knife ' I was in such a shocking state that I had almost decided to go when my wife persuaded me to first try Zara-Bok, which we had heard well spoken of. "So I started to use Zatwßuie, and got an witch relief front fain:hat I soon gore lip all thoughts of an °emu ion Mine was a very bad case, however, and I didn't expect a cure all at once, but was grat. ful enough to find the bleeding and discharge gettiog IBM and the pain dying away. I began to really enjoy life again, and after all I bad gone through I appreciated the great change Zam-fluk was making. Hy careful perseverance the piles got less troublesome ; I kept regularly at my work, and I was able to get out in my leisure time. I got back my loi,t etrenetb, too. " For ninny months now I hate felt nothing of th, piles. Zam-Bult has thoroughly cured me, and I a wonderfully well in myself, too."

Inquiries show that no fewer than 17,000,000 British subjects took part in Empire-day celebrations on May kat

===== 0002601_19110923_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

By Philip Snowden, UP. sliouLD THE NATION OWN THE RAILWAYS?

The labour trouble in the railway service is going to compel the country to consider the question of railway nationalisation. The Independent Labour Party is about to start a national campaign in favour of that step.' But fortunately this is not a question which , appeals to Socialists only; it is not among those who have accepted the Collectivist ideal only that support will be found for the proposal that the State should own and work the railways. There is a great deal of opinion favourable to this suggestion among all political parties and among the com- mercial classes. The Trades Union Congress has repeatedly declared in favour of State railways ; so I believe has the Co-operative Congress. The Commercial Travellers Association is strongly in favour ; and great commercial men like Sir John Brunner are advocates of nationally owned and nationally worked railways. Quite recently a Com- mission reported in favour of the State acquiring the Irish Railways, and this is the more remarkable when it is remembered that the Chairman of this Commission, was Chairman of one of the largest English rail- ways. At least two of the most influential members of the present government are known to be strongly in favour of the State purchase of the railways.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
SPLENDID ISOLATION.

In 1844 Sir Robert Peel's Government passed an Act empowering the State to pur- chase the railways'made since that time by giving three months' notice of their intention to do so. The terms on which the purchase was to be made are laid down in the Act. At the present time Great Britain is the only country in Europe, almost the only country in the world, where the railways are wholly in private hands. The United States stands with Great Britain in this position of cold isolation. In recent years several countries have nationalised their railways in whole or part. Among these countries are Switzerland, Italy, Turkey, France and Japan. A BUSINESS PROPOSITION.

This then is a question, which can be discussed as a business proposition. It is not enough to condemn the proposal because Socialists advozate it. It may be Socialism; but at any rate it is a system which, as has been said, practically every other country has adopted. But whether it is Socialism or not does not affect the merits of the question. If it would be a good thing to have the State take over the railways, he would be far removed from a wise man who objected to the proposal because somebody said it was Socialism. The National Telephone system is to pass into the hands of the Government at the end of this year, and it might be remembered that it was a Unionist Govern- ment who made the contract of purchase, and a Liberal Government who completed the transfer.

Fortunately the British people usually take a common sense view of any question they can be got to seriously consider. That is the reason why there is so much I practical Socialism in this country, and so few adherents of the Socialist parties. The Britisher is not much of a theorist. If he can see a practical advantage in a particular proposal he is not going to refuse to take that advantage because somebody gives the thing a nickname. The question of railway nationalisation must be considered, apart from theories, from three points of view ; (1) the benefit to the community ; (2) the benefit to trade and commerce ; (3) the benefit to the railwaymen. THE FINANCIAL ASPECT.

In one column of a newsaper one cannot deal fully with all or with any one of these points. Not more than a very briefly summarised case can be put forward. The community will gain because it will eventu- ally save the profits which now go to private shareholders. Last year the British railways received £123,925, 565 for goods and freight. Out of that sum they paid £47,355,889 to their shareholders. That is to say, that out of every shilling the railway companies received, over 4d. went into the pockets of the shareholders as dividend. In 1909, the last year for which I have returns, the German State railways paid as profit into the Imperial Exchequer sum of 123,000,000 marks. This was done after giving rates which are not more than half the rates on the British railways. The fact that one nation after another has taken over privately managed railways is in itself proof that the experience of State Railways commends the method.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMMUNITY INTEREST.

The community would gain a great advan- tage from having the railways managed by a public department which was under public control. The Board of Trade has a certain amount of control over the railways, but it is really very little. The Board cannot regulate hours or wages, and the Railway Commissioners can only deal with rates within certain limits. If we had State Railways there would be a Minister in the House of Commons responsible for every- thing connected with the railways; just as the Postmaster General is there to answer for the work of the Post Office.

The traders of the country would gain by a better service. That is so certain that it does not need to be argued. If one has any doubts upon the point let him call to mind the telegraph system when it was in private hands; or let him contrast the present public street railway systems in Glasgow, Leeds, Liverpool, or anywhere else with the privately owned systems they superseded. If one wants a contrast of rates let him com- pare the rates for goods and passengers on the German or Belgian State railways with the rates on British railways. Railway com- fort is largely a matter of national standard. In some countries where the general standard of comfo:t is low, the standard on the State rai.ways, is not so high as on the British railways, but in countries like Germany the accommodation is much superior for a lower charge. I have no space to give comparisons of rates, but anyone who wishes to pursue the subject will find abundant matter of that sort in any work dealing with State Railways.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOWING THE WAY.

The British railways have themselves shown by their policy in recent years that there is a good deal of avoidable waste in the working of the railways. They have come to working agreements to save the multiplication of services. A great deal of the capital which has been put into British railways has been required to enable one company to compete for the traffic which some company was already handling. The trader may think that it is an advantage to him to have the choice of two or three rail- ways. But he is really under a delusion if he thinks that. One railway may offer him

better facilities than another, but he must remember that all the competing railways have enormous expenses through the com- petition, and these have to be paid by the traders.

.•••, ,w 1

===== 0002601_19110923_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
AT THE PUBLIC EXPENSE.

The Board of Trade have promised the railway companies that they shall be allowed to increase their legal rates if it should be necessary to ask them to improve the con- ditions of the workmen. That is, the trader has to pay. This would not happen under public ownership. The Post Office is regularly improving the wages of the staff, but at the same time it is giving 'more and cheaper facilities to the public. Can anybody imagine a Postmaster General raising the price of a penny stamp in order to increase the wages of the staff? Any well-managed business is always effecting economies, and in a State owned monopoly these savings would go to improve the service or to better labour conditions. As I have mentioned before, the British Consul at Frankfort says that the low rates given to traders by the German State Railways have done more than any other aid to build up Germany's great commercial position. FOR THE WORKERS' BENEFIT.

The railway servants would undoubtedly benefit from State ownership. The wages of railwaymen were lower in 1910 than in 1907. In the meantime the Post Office, a Govern- ment institution, had raised wages by about three-quarters of a million a year. The railwaymen would probably not be allowed to strike if the railways were under the Government, and that, I think, is a regula- tion which can be defended. But the rail- waymen would have votes then, and that would alter the whole situation in regard to striking. The Government is pledged to be a model employer, and it could not claim to be that if it kept the wages of over 100,000 railwaymen at less than a pound a week.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE NEAR FUTURE.

This question of railway nationalisation is coming to the front. Men who bad never thought seriously about the subject have been induced to do so by recent events. Outside the ranks of the Socialists there are many men who think that an essential public service which is of the nature of a monopoly should be owned and managed by the com- munity. It is rather an extraordinary thing that Great Britain, who is so far advanced in the direction of public ownership, should be about the last to take over the railways. It is clear from the Act of 1844 that State purchase was seriously contemplated then as a probability. It is now one of the assured things of the not very distant future, and the British people, with their extra- ordinary genius for self-government and public administration will make a success of State owned railways.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Pe•Nrs..A.,--"."^"....\,,--",,,,,‘"Ad iCHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB. N,—,Nowvevws.r.,N.-1/4,-^v-v

GEORGE WASHINGTON'S COURTESY. It is always a joy to meet a real gentle- man or lady, and the next best thing to meeting with them is to read about them. I came across a passage the other day which occurs in a book written about George Washington, the famous President of the United States and it gives such a fine picture of his thoughtfulness that I will print it here for all my nieces and nephews to read. The lady who wrote the book was Martha L. Phillips, a granddaughter of General Nathaniel Green, who used to visit Wash- ington and who saw much of his private life. This is the story : " One incident which occurred during that visit was so comical in itself, and so characteristic of Washington, that I recall it for your entertainment. Early in a bright winter morning a droll-looking old countryman called to see the President. In the midst of their interview breakfast was announced, and the President invited the visitor, as was his hospitable wont on such occasions, to a seat beside him at the table. The visitor drank his coffee from his saucer ; but, lest any grief should come to the snowy damask, he laboriously scraped the bottom of his cup on the saucer's edge before setting it down on the tablecloth. He did it with such audible vigor that it attracted my attention and that of several young people present, always on the alert for occasions of laughter. We were so indiscreet as to allow our amusement to become obvious. General Washington took in the situation, and immediately adopted his visitor's method of drinking his coffee, making the scrape even more pronounced than the one he reproduced. Our disposition to laugh was quenched at once."

YOU WILL NEVER BE SORRY For living a pure life. For doing your level best. For being kind tl the poor. For looking before leaping. For bearing before judging. For thinking before speaking. For harboring clean thoughts. For standing by your principles. For stopping your ears to gossip. For asking p3rdon when in error. For being generous ter an enemy. For being square in business dealings. For giving an unfortunate person a lift. For promptness in keeping your promises. For putting the beet construction on the alt others.

THIS WEEK'S STORY. DIDN'T MEAN THAT.

"Dear teacher," wrote little Johnny's mother, 'kindly excuse John's absence from school yesterday afternoon, as he fell in the mud. By doing the same you will greatly oblige his mother."

THE RAGGEDY DOLL. When the nursery blinds are all fastened and tight, When the curtains are drawn and its not at all light, When my mother has kissed me and hurried away, And I hear them downstairs very busy and gay, Then the raggedy doll in her calico dress, CMOs creepity creep from the nursery press. She remembers Fm little and lonely, I goes, Oh, she never comes out through the sunshiny day. The fellows and I don't use dolls when we play, But she wait., till the football and bat are asleep, And she picks up her skirts and comes creepity creep, Does the raggedy doll in her raggedy clothes, With hrles tn bet elbows and bole. in her toes, And her sawdust all dripping wherever ,he goes. Then the g. izzly black bear who bides back of the

, door Goes a-slinking away, and the imp. on the floor Who chatter and point till I cover my bead. Go a scampering off There's quite nothing to dread. For the raggedy doll waves a raggedy arm To keep little Me very safe from all harm, And she climb, in the crib and lies down soft and warm. Oh, what if she's dirty, end really a night, And exceedingly old ! She's my comfort at night As she snuggles beside me so staunch and go true, With her battered old head close to my bead. Have you Aram:Ply doll just as loving and deer, Se, very untidy and homely and queer, But quite mire to be round when you need some one near ?

-CAROLLII S. BAILEY.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
HALF-AN-HOUR IN GRENDON UNDERWOOD.

WHERE SHAKESPEARE DREAMED HIS "MID-SUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM."

It was by woeful mismanagement that we only had half-an-hour, but in a strange land is is easy to misjudge time and distance, and if we failed to do justice to Grendon Under- wood, we stumbled upon another spot which the untravelled reader may be glad to hear about.

But why race from Oxford and tramp over several miles to see a half-lost village in Oxfordshire ? For no reason at all save that it boasts a Shakespeare Association and tells a possibly-true yarn of our very greatest poet,

• There are two Underwoods in Oxfordshire. Wooton Underwood at which we found our- selves, and Grendon Underwood to which we tramped. 13oth were originally written Bernwode, a name which describes a position in the low-lying meadows around Bernwood Forest. Grendon comes from Greendon, or hill, and was formerly Greendon-under- Bernwood, and the Oxford uncomplimentary distich says Grendon Underwood Dirtiest place that ever stood That, however, referred to the dirty torn- up road along which the coaches and pack- horses travelled in the long ago. It was because the main road led this way

Those who want to see the two constables will find them in the play. They are there as Dogberry and Verges in "Much ado about Nothing.

wa-s a summer night when he took up his lodging in the porch and the mists of the early dawn brought fairies and songs. And thus arose the famous "Midsummer Night's Dream."

There is really no doubting these things when you are told them on the spot. We went to see the chnrch but could find no porch. There is, however, a drawing to be seen made by order of tho Lord of the Manor previous to its demolition.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
RELICS.

The old beams of the inn are black with age, and the old oak staircase with quaint banisters and posts is unaltered since the spacious days of Elizabeth. An old table remains and a weather vane, and there is also a curious candlestick made from mulberry wood. Under a mulberry tree, formerly in the garden, and now shaped into relies such as this Shakespeare sat to weave his plots. It is to the historian Aubrey, who lived some twenty years after the poet, that we are indebted for the story of Much ado about nothing," and Sheehan tells the story' in greater detail. That he stayed here is ' highly probable and a tradition that dates to his own generation can hardly be dismissed. He would pass it on the way from Stratford to London and may have formed friendships which held him here. _

The known facts concerning Shakespeare form a scrap heap which no historian has yet joined together. This scrap, thought it be but a scrap, is piquant enough to be refreshing.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
LUDGERSHALL-AND JOHN WYCLIFFE.

In a blundering journey on foot to Grendon we stumbled upon Ludgershall, two miles

- i '1 4 • ;:. • . , . ' 1 t • ' 4 t 17 ' ' •-, r • . • 1 .i. ,".' - !A-Li g 1 t 11111111/1111/ 11111101 J

~ P ~

===== 0002601_19110923_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE "OLDE SHIPPE " INN.' Now known as Shakespeare's House.

Here the poet is said to have written "Much Ado About Nothing" and "A Midsummer Night's Dream." The rooms pointed out as his are in the timbered portions of the building, to the left hand in the picture.

that William of immortal memory passed through on his journeys and it may have been from the necessities of the journey or the charm of the place that he slept and dreamed here. Sleep here he did, so local tradition says, and tradition is emphatic upon the point. So emphatic as to show the very I room, and to say that his " Much ado about nothing " was actually penned there.

A NEW YER3ION OF' THE NINETY AND NINE."

away. It will come as a surprise to many that John Wycliffe of immortal memory was once Rector of this village. His long pastorate and work at Lutter- worth has eclipsed the memory of his sojourn but he was certainly rector here and the register exists to give the date. John do Wyeiff, 12 November, 1368, on the presentation of John Pa wley, pior of the Hospital of St. John d Jerusaletn in England. Wycliffe was born in Yorkshire in 1324 and became in succession Master of Balliol Vicar of FiHingham, Rector of Ludgershall and Rector of Lutterworth. He would be a man of forty-four when installed here and though there is no evidence that his great work of translating the Bible was actually done in Oxfordshire one would like to picture him as dreaming of the task he afterwards carried out. There is little in the Church to take us back to Wycliffe. It has been much-restored (much churchwardened we should prefer to say) and we find it just a bit difficult to picture Wycliffe in thcse surroundings. But there are parts of the pillars and roof that must have echoed to his voice and the visit leaves us well content. Wycliffe and Shakespeare—both pilgrims along this same highway! The thought suggests comparisons and contrasts too big and too numerous to even mention here. A.M.

" Mulkey's mighty hymn, The Ninety and Nine has been adapted to real life by Rose Elizabeth Smith in a poem bearing the name cf its model." So says Mr. 'l'. E. Will in the" Twentieth Century Magszine " for August. Ile gives two of her stanzas : Thereare ninety and cine that work and die In want, and hunger, and cold, That one may revel in luxury And be lapped in the silken fold ! The ninety and nine in their hovels bare, And one in a palace of riches rare. From the sweat of their brow the desert bhooms, And the forest before them falls ; Their labour has builded humble homes, And cities with lofty halls, And the one owns cities and houses and lands, While the cinety and nine have empty hands.

CIIESIIIRE PUBLICANS GOOD LUCK. As a result of general dissatisfaction with their assessments, the licen.rin of the Crewe nod Naotwich districts curly last year npponled, and paid their rates under protest. The rating notherity hare now had all the houses re-valued, and the results are some startling deduction.. As the sppeals were lodged eighteen 411 months ago, the licensees have three half-years' over- plus to reclaim, and the overseers will hare to refund sot s anUul sums.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OLDE SHIPPE INNE,

We seek the old place that once echoed to the coachman's horn and find it half way down the village. It is now a placid farm known as " Shakespeare's House," but was formerly the coaching Inn and its old sign, on which Shakespeare gazed, is among the treasures of the Bucks Archeological Society. With the bright summer sun shining through luxuriant elms and with high old hedgrows to shelter us we are in the mood for believing every happy thing that is told us, and it takes no effort to persuade us that Shakespeare stopped there often, that he delighted to stop there, that he stopped for inspiration and got it Why shouldn't he? The place is good enough. The old house is a good bit of sixteenth century architecture and would be in the glory of its youth when the poet saw it. It has three stories and served until about a , century ago as a wayside inn. The gabled I end is the portion to which they lead U 8 to show the veritable chamber in which he wrote. Upon the third floor is a curious oval window which lights the chamber in which he is said to have slept, and upon the ground floor is a large guest room with an uncqmmon stone fire-place and a latticed window. It is rather awkward to contradict a flat statement that Shakespeare wrote two plays there (though giving the lady sixpence ought to confer rights of some kind) and there is nothing for it but to listen to the story. HOW SHAKESPEARE GOT HIS INSPIRATION.

Arriving one afternoon (so the local legend runs) and finding his money unequal to the strain of a night at the inn, the poet decided to rest in the porch of the church and there fell asleep. The two village constables were told that a suspicious character had been seen and made bold to accuse him of wanting to rob the sanctury. They were proceeding to use him roughly when Shakespeare asked to be allowed to see the interior. He gave a keen glance around on entering and fAiling to see anything of value grimly remgrked that they were making much ado about nothing."

===== 0002601_19110923_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR SERIAL STORY. 5

[ALT rtgqinVlDl.

THE FOUNTAIN OF BEAUTY

L. T. MEADE, Author ol "The Rebellion of Lib Carrinwon," "A

Sweet Girl Graduate... 6ic.

CHAPTER XX. LADY JANE MI HOSTAGE.

As soon as the Eastern had gone Lady Jane went eagerly upstairs. She entered her own room, which was bright and cheerful with sunlight and firelight. Her maid, Silver, was standing arranging one of her ladyship's dresses. .

"Have you seen Miss Renshalir asked Lady Jane. No, my lady." "Go to her door, please, Silver' and say that I shall be glad to have a word with her. Ask her to come to me to the drawing-room." Lady Jane turned and went downstairs. In a very few minutes Rebecca entered the room. -

"Come hero, dear," said Lady Jane, speaking in great excitement. "Such a wonderful thing has happened. Your friend, one of the Mtrzas of Persia, has been here—a very great man, I assure you. Why, how pale you look, my child! But don't be frightened. He came to see me—he came on account of you. He takes the deepest in- terest in you. His intentions arc of the friendliest. He admitted that you were in some danger, but said that a word from him onld put everything right. He must, how- ever, say that word to ••••11 himself. Rebecca, he really is a meet charming person, and you cannot do better than trust him abso lutely. He would not come here, surely, on your behalf if his meaning were not most kindly. In short, dear, he has begged of me to convey to you a message. It is this: that you and I shall visit him at the Carlton Hotel in order to take tea with him this afternoon. You will some with me, won't you, my love?" "No," said Rebecca. "My dear child !—but why? It is really difficult to know how to act when you won't confide in me in any way." "I cannot; circumstances prevent me," said the poor girl. "But all I can say is this —that I will not go to visit the Mirza in his rooms, and I earnestly beg of you, Lady Jane, not to go either. I have my reasons, which I cannot explain to you. You must take me on trust."

"Really, Rebecca, dear, this is most extra- ordinary. What am I to say to the poor Mims,/ He is an exceedingly handsome, de- lightful, distinguished looking man."

' YOU will not go alone, will you?" said Rebecca, speaking in • voice of terror.

"My child—l have promised to go; my hope was that you would accompany me. But if you won't do so, I shall certainly not join in your rudeness to this pleasant gentleman. You ought not to be so narrow-minded Re- beers; but I suppose all English people are more or less insular in their feelings. Now, I am glad to say that I have always been noted for a great breadth of sympathy, and can understand that there may be virtuous and noble people in the East as well as in the West." _

• Rebecca took no notice whatever of this speech, but, after a minute's pause, she went on her knees, twined her arms round Lady Jane, and said in an imploring voice: "Don't go! don't go! For my sake, for ycur own sake--please don't go! Oh, it will kill me if you do !" The poor girl burst into tears. Lady Jane, really alarmed, soothed and petted her. "Rebecca, you ought to tell me your story from beginning to end." "I wish with all my heart I could," an- swered the girl; "but I am bound over to secrecy. Oh, Lady Jane—do relieve my mind. Write a letter at once to the Mirsa to say you are obliged to decline his invita- tion. As to my going, he knows well that I shall not do so. Write, won't you—dear Lady Jane!" "You convince me," said Lady Jane, "and vet you don't convince me. I was looking forward to this pleasure, and there certainly is no harm in the man. Surely, I know more about the world than you do.' "But you will write, all the same, won't you?" said Rebecca. "I suppose so. Really, this is most disap- pointing. As Lady Jane spoke she rose, went to her davenport, and dashed off a hasty letter. "I am very much disappointed," she said, when she had finished it. "May I give it to one of the servants to be delivered at once?" said the girl. "No, toy dear, no. I have thought of a plan. I am obliged to go out shopping this afternoon. Yon can come with use, if you like. We'll call at the Carlton and leave the letter."

"Please send it now," said Rebecca. "No; I prefer the other arrangement. You must allow me to guide my own actions, Re- becca, and be my own judge of what is cor- rect. It is more polite of me to leave the letter in person than to send it." Rebecca, seeing that no more could be done, presently left the room. She joined Lady Jane at lunch. Before the servants, Lady Jane Halliday was perfectly silent, but when the meal was over, she again begged of Rebecca to change her mind. The girl was firm. "I muld not go!" she said. "I will not go —no, Lady Jane, I would rather not go out driving with you to-day, please. My head . . .

aches and I would rasher stay in he

1. kti I room you have given ine." ig "Very well, my love; you certainly do look very tired. Lie down, and go to sleep, and Silver will wait on you." Presently Lady Jane, went to her own room

to prepare' to gO out. She meant to make one or two calls and, in consequence, directed her maid to dress her in her best and most costly sables. She looked every inch a great lady as she went downstairs soon after three

o'clock, and entered her beautiful carriage (however cold the weather, Lady Jane alwaya drove in an open carriage); and, after a little hesitation, she gave the direc- tion of the Carlton Hotel.

"Poor man! He won't be expecting us so early as this," she thought. "I am sorry— Rebecca is a most perverse girl—really, now. I wonder if I must send up this letter. I should so like to see how he lives. Report says that he keeps up his Eastern magnifi- cence even in the midst of our modern London. lam devoured with curiosity."

Just as Lady Jade reached the hotel, who should be standing on the steps talking to an Englishman but the Mira; himself! He, came forward at once with one of his most respectful bows and, before the footman could prevent him, opened the carriage door. "I see you have come alone, dear lady. But never mind—you are thrice welcome. You doubtless bring me an explanation." "I bring you a—note—" began Lady Jane. She knew well that she was talking feebly, and the temptation was running riot in her heart to see the Mirza in his own apartments; to be waited on by Eastern Ben wants; to get him to tell her some of the mysteries of his country. She would give worlds, for instance, to hear him describe the beauties of the Shah's palace. Meanwhile, the Ilirza was holding out his arm. . . . .

"Let me help you to alight," he said. "1"oit can give me the note upstairs:" Somehow, Lady Jane could not say the *wits that came to her lipa. She mumbled' something and, quite forgetful of Rebecca, entered the hotel by the Mina's side. In a few minutes she was conducted in the lift to his suite of apartments on the first floor. They were some of the finest that the hotel contained. Lady Jane lost herself in wonder and delight. The hfirza walked round hiz roam, explaining the value of this curio and the other. Lady Jane, who had a passion for 6COP,CtiUg curious things herself. begins°

more earn mots enumoUrell us sne Wontfern which surrounded her.

....—.. —..—.. "I feel transported out of England," she said. "I feel the glamour of the East steal- ing over me. Really, Mirza, these things are too fascinating. This little head of jade, for instance—what a perfect specimen!" "Will the gracious lady accept it?" was the Mirza's response. Lady Jane coloured with pleasure. "No, no," she said. "It is too valuable." "Then perhaps," said the Mirza, "the gra- cious lady will take it in payment for a little service which I hope she will render me." For the first time Lady Jane felt slightly frightened; hut just then two of the ser- vants came in, bearing tea in a massive silver service. Cakes aml all sorts of dainties fol- lowed. The Mirza offered his distinguirlied visitor a seat, and the servants helped her to tea.

Presently they withdrew, and then the Mirza began to talk, opening up the store- house of his mind for Lady Jane's benefit. He related to her a succession of marvels, all of which she accepted as gospel truth. Her eyes grew wide with excitement, and her cheeks were flushed. She absolutely forgot the flight of time. By and by the Mirza touched his silver gong. The velvet portiere curtains were folded back, and the servant in Eastern dress entered and took away tho tea equipage. Once again the curtains fell into placo, and the door of the room was safely closed. "How wonderful all this is r said Lady Jane. "The very air of this place soothen me. your noiseleos servants, with their ex- quisite dress, delight me. Oh, how much richer, how much more f ull of colour, how , much more full of pleasure, is your life than ours," "The life of the West has also its advan- tages," said the Mina. "It has not, for in- stance, the subtlety of the East, and perhaps, as a rule, its more commonplace path leads to less danger." He suddenly drew his chair ' near Lady Jane. "You will permit me,' dear , lady, that little head of jade would fetch for yoti any time you would like to sell it some hundreds of pounds. It is yours, but I ask for a very small recognition of the gift." Lady Jane's heart began to beat. She looked up at the Mimv as though her slight intelligence could unravel his mighty one. He smiled- at her ; his eyelids slightly narrowed, his eyes looking soft and black as night. "Dear English lady," he said, bending for- ward, "I, Hiram Kara Yusuf, have the most profound respect for you and your country people. You belong to the great ladies of England. In our land you would be a princess and be surrounded by a court. I recognise your rank and offor you my allegiance. But now, let us attend to this brief matter of business, so easily arranged—just the merest trifle, the very slightest trouble on your part, and yet of inestimable service to me,"

- "What is it?" said Lady Jane. She half retie from her chair, but sank back again. "The fact is," she continued, "I think I ought to be going, and of course.. Mimi, I thank you most heartily, but I really cannol accept the little head of jade." You will remain seated for a minute,' said the Mirza.

Ile spoke with swift authority, and the lady sank again into her chair. "Do not be the least alarmed, dear lady; you have nothing to fear. and it would grieve me much if you left me to-day without the trifling curio I want you to carry away in re- membrance of this visit. It was given to me by my master, the Shah, and you will under- stand that I value it on that account alone."

"What—what am I to do?" said Lady Jane.

She said to herself, "I have nothing what- ever to fear," and yet she knew she was afraid.

I observed." said the Miran, "that you did ml bring Miss Rebecca Henshall with you." "She would not come, Mira& I d:d what I could to induce her to accompany me." "You spoke, when I had the honour to help you to alight from your carriage, of a letter which you brought with you," said the Mirza. "Was it for me? was it from Miss Ilenshall?"

"1 lett,.r WWI not from Him Ifensball; n-as from me." "Can I sce it!" "It is unnecessary for you V: see it now."

"Nevertheless. 'oblige me," said the Mirza. And Lady Jane, her cheeks becom- ing crimson, pot the ktter into his hand. He opened it, read its contents in a flash. and dropped it into a waste paper basket which stood near. "So yon, too, were afraid?" he said, rais- ing his eyes, and giving the lady an inslirut- able cmile.

"Not really," she answered. "How could be?"

"This hitter was written at the instigation af your young friend." " Yes." "Then she really is afraid of me—of me, who would be her benefactor !" "It...seems so," said Lady Jane. "I can- aot understand it. Now, Mirza, I must go." "I think," said the Mirza, speaking very i slowly, "not quite yet. Your carriage s waiting below, is it not?" "Yes."

"Two of my servants stand outside the door of this room. You will have the good- ness, lady, to write in your own hand a letter to Miss 'Rebecca Henehall." "I don't understand." said Lady Jane. "You will in a minute." The Mirza himself put paper, pen and ink, before the lady. "Is that pen to your liking?" he asked. Lady Jane grasped it in nerveless fingers. "Take off your gloves," said the Mirza. She obeyed. "Now kindly write to my dictation." "I would mueh rather sot." "And I would much rather you did. Say this: 'Lady Jane Halliday remains as a guest of the Mirza Kara Yusuf until Rebecca lienshall calls to see her.'"

"But I (-annul remain Rs your guest--it is impossible!" said the lady, speaking in great excitement. "You will have every attention," said the Mirza. "Two rooms to yourself, and a kind woman to wait on you. But the fact is, you do not leave these rooms until Miss Rebecca Neosholl appears to give you your liberty. Now write, please. The young lady will of course come to you at once." La'. Jane wrote.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXI.

'DRIVE TO SCOTLAND YARD."

When Lady Jane drove away, Rebecca could scarceiy contain herself. Strong un- easiness possessed her. She could not rest. She felt almost sorry at having allowed her old friend to go out alone. Why had she been so cowardly as not to accompany her? This was the first time in her own life that Re- becca had accused herself of the sin of cowardice. She was, as • rule, the bravest of the brave; and she hated herself now as she had never done before for putting her poor friend, as she feared, into an uncomfortable . position . . . _ . . .

c It is true Lady Jane had gone away having faithfully promised Rebecca not to visit the Mina; but Rebecca had considerable power of reading character. A certain intuition in her misnd told her that Lady Jane was full of curiosity, and also full of ignorance. She did not know the true position. She was, there- fore, quite unprepared for the dangers which might await her. The subtlety and cleverness of the Mirza were quite beyond her power to grasp. Rebecca could not keep still. At one time she was so distressed about her old friend that she even thought of going to the Carlton to inquire if. by any chance, she was there. On second thoughts, however, she did not do that; although her fear and distress took such possession of her that for the time she almost forgot Lonsdale and his grave danger. The Mina Kara Yoga was always quick in his movements, and although Lady Jane felt the minutes turning into hours while she re- mained a prisoner at the Carlton Hotel, yet in reality it was but • little after four o'clock when the carriage returned and Lads Jane's

fetter was put into ncoecca's 'hands. The girl read it once; she read it twice: "Lady Jane Halliday remains as a guest of the Mirza Kara Yusuf until Rebecca Hen- shall calls to see her." The immaculate footman, George, had brought the letter to Rebecca, who was in the drawing-room. She looked up at him at once. "Please tell the coachman that I want the carriage immediately," said Rebecca. "This letter is from your mistress, George. She has given me a message which must be attended to at once." Rebecca flew to her room. Silver was in her mistress's bedroom. "Silver," said the girl, "will you come with me!" "Where to, and why!" asked Silver in some astonishment. "It is on account of your mistress, and I can explain nothing, but I think there ought to be two of us. Come at once." has anything happened to Lady Jane?" asked Silver, ill a voice of aatoniahment. "I hope not," replied Rebecca, "but she has asked me to go to her." "Where is she, ma'am?" "She is at the Carlton Hotel. She went to see the Persian gentleman who cared this .morning." "Oh, the gentleman with a queer name!" said Silver. "My missis always did lose foreigners; and she wants you, miss--" "To go to her to the Cal:lton. I have her letter. Come, Silver, be quick." The woman hurried to dress herself. She was devoted to Lady Jane. She could not understand, however, why Miss Henshall looked RO white and uneasy. As Rebecca was leasing the house, her maid from Paddock Row, came up the steps. "I've brought you this, miss," she said, and she put a telegram into Rebecca's hand The girl opened it. Her eyos flashed with pleasure. It contained hut the one word "Safe," and bore the postmark of a little vil- lage towards the north of England. "Thank you, Lucy; that is all right," said Rebecca. . .

She ran into the dining-room, thrust the telegram into the fire, and then, relieved to a certain extent, entered the carriage. "I want you," she said to the footman, who stood by waiting for directions, "to drive at once to Scotland-yard." Not a muscle of the man's face changed. He gave the order to the coachman and mounted on the box beside him. Silver, how- ever, was by no means so undemonstrative. "I thought we were going to the Carlton Hotel," she said. "So we are presently," said Rebecca, "but I wish to go to Scotland-yard first." "I don't understand you, miss." "I am sorry, Silver; I am doing the best I can according to my lights." "Your manner, miss, seems to imply that my—my mistress is somehow, in some sort of danger." , "Oh, I hope not," answered Rebecca; "but ' we'll ensure her safety by going to Scotland' yard first." "But miss," said Silver again, frighten me, miss." Rebecca was silent, but just for one minute she laid her hand on the woman's arm. The pressure was at once affectionate and confiding. Silver looked at the young girl, as though on the spot she was beginning to love her. "She isn't like most," thought the lady's maid. She has a heart as well as a head. My poor, dear, sweet mistress is all heart. Often and often do we ssrvants wish that she wasn't so impulsive. Now this young lady would go through any danger for one she loved, but she wouldn't be silly over it." They arrived at Scotland-yard. Rebecca left the carriage, desired Silver to keep her seat, and went in. She saw the Chief Super- intendent of Police, and frankly and simply put a few particulars of the case before him. She said nothing whatever about Lonsdale, for she felt that silence with regard to him was her best policy, but she told the Super- intendent that the Mirza missed a valua'ule diamond, that through a chain of unforseen circumstances, she, Rebecca Henshall, was mixed up in the loss, that, in short, a trick had been played upon her. She had been rendered unconscious, and the diamond which her father held in trust had been ex- changed for a false stone. The Mirza bad just discovered the trick which bad been played upon Rebecca and upon himself. He had written twice to her that day to ask her to call to see him. She had taken no notice of his invitation. Ile had then made a per- sonal call on Lady Jane Halliday, during which visit he used his utmost influence to induce the lady to bring Rebecca with her to tea with him at the Carlton. Rebecca had refused to go, and Lady Jane, yielding to her entreaties, had written a line to the Mimi', changing her mind about accepting his •iiivi- tation. Now, matters were changed. She had gone out to pay sonic' calls, intending to leave a note of refusal at the Carlton. She had not returned, and Rebecca was in pos- session of the following message. Here the girl put Laity Jane's short missive into the Superintendent's hand. "And do you mean to go?"' he asked, look- ing full at her. "Certainly," was the reply, "how can I possibly do otherwise?" "I should recommend you," said the Superintendent, "not to go to the Carlton Hotel. Lady Jane Halliday is, doubtless, quite safe, and when she finds you don't obey her will return home. You might send her a note by messenger, however, to say you cannot go. If she is unlawfully detained after that then we must interfere ;_ but nothing has occurred so far which could cause Scotland- yard to interfere in the matter. Both you and the Mina have been subjected to a very shabby and wicked trick. Are you sure' that his intentions towards you are evil?" "Positive," said Rebecca. Then she added, "The fact is I am only telling you a part of the truth." "Then can you possibly expect me to act?" was the response. "I cannot tell you the rest, for it impli. rates another." "Indeed?" "Yes," said Rebecca, "and to the point of extreme danger—danger to life. I cannot and will not tell you about this, but I know what I am saying, and I want your assistance if you can give it to me." . said the Superinten- dent," arrest the irOM II who stole the dia- mond, and who attempted your life in so doing." , "There is no time even to think of her," ' said Rebecca. "I have had a letter from I her, and she is out of England." ' "Ah! then I don't see what is to be done. , The Orientals are always troublesome to ' deal with—they are a law unto themselves. We don't want to make ourselves unpleasant to Persia." "Then you won't help me?" said Rebecca,

"I —you

rising. "Have you come here alone?" "I have brought Lady Jane's maid with nie." _

"Ah ! that is good. I will tell you what I can do, if you are determined to call at the Carlton. I will send a very clever and gentlemanly person with you in the carriage. He has had dealings before with foreigners, and is aware of sorne of their methods. What I would suggest, under these circumstances, is this : Drive to the Carlton; ask to be shown at once to the Mirza's apartment. Take the gentleman with you—he will call himself Mr. Saunders. If you can get him admitted to the Mirza's rooms, so much the better; but it is extremely likely that en- trance will be denied him, in which case he will wait for you in the corridor." "Yea," said Rebecca. . .. . . .

"If you do not come out within an hour he will go downstairs and tell your maid, who will immediately return here, when we will send two or three of our men to liberate you, but I do not expect for a single moment that anything serious will happen. This is the best that I can suggest for the time." Here the Superintendent spoke through a telephone. and in a very few minutes a grave, nice-looking, middle-aged man in the ordinary dress of an Englishman entered the room. "A word alone with you, Mr. Saunders," said the Superintendent. Ile took the man into another room. They returntql in • minute or two. Saunders bowed to Rebecca. "I am at your service, madam,'• be said. Rebecca an Saunders entered Lady Jane's carriage. "To the Carlton HoteL" said Rebecca,

ahei tiwy or6ce ilatat

Poor Silver was , looking cold and frightened, and the appearance of Saunders mystified her so much that she scarcely knew herself. _ . .

..,.... "I have ell directions," said Saunders in a low voice, just bending towards Rebecca as they approached the big hotel. "I know exactly what to do. If you are asked any questions about me, you must say that I am your cousin, who has called unexpectedly to see you at Lady Jane Halliday's house." "But that's a lie!" burst from Silver. "It is necessary, madam," said the detec- tive. "I will explain to you later on." "I wish I hadn't come,''' said Silver. "Oh, my poor mistress! what can have happened to her! It's broad daylight, and here are we driving through London to one of the most fashionable hotels in the place, and yet any- one would think we were going to a den of thieves where we'd all be murdered." "You will not say a word of this aloud, will you?" said Saunders. "Yon will keep your sznsations to yourself. You are in a position of trust, and it lies in your power, if the worst happens—which I by no means expoct—to save both your mistress and this young lady." "What am I to do, sir? I am sure I will do anything," said the poor woman. "When we arrive at the Carlton—" "No, sir," interrupted Silver, speaking with great decision. "I won't—l won't go in! " "We don't ask you to," answered Saunders in a gentle voice. 'You have just to remain in the carriage. I trust Lady Jane and Miss Henihall will soon join you, but your part in the present business is to wait in the carriage for further orders." "Heaven preserve us!" murmured Silver. "Now listen," said Saunders. "Not a word to the servants on the box. You are in a position of trust, remember." "Mum I'll be," answered Silver. . .

They reached 'the hotel. Rebecca imme- diately entered, followed by Saunders. He was a good-looking, gentlemanly man, and IN hen Rebecca asked if the Mil za Kara Yusuf, was within, a dark servant imme- diately came forward and, with is low bow, inquired if she were Miss Henshall. Rebecca replied in the affirmative. "Then my master expects you, madam," he said. "May I take you this way?" Rebecca and Saunders were taken to the first floor in the lift. They walked down a spacious corridor and paused before a closed door. Two men in Persian dress were stand- ing like sentinels outside. The man who had accompanied Rebecca and Saunders was in Erglish costume. It was only the darkness of his face, and the peculiar tiute-like quality nt his voice, which -.betrayed his foreign Ile murmured a word to one of the ser- vants. The man instantly opened the door of the Mirza's room, bowed low to that gen- tleman, and gave him a message. He re- turned almost immediately. "The Mirza Kara Timid, will base much pleasure in seeing Miss Henshall. Will the gentleman who has accompanied her remain in another room during the interview." "I should like my friend, Mr. Saunders— my cousin, I mean—to accompany me," said Rebecca." The man bowed. "It is not permissible, madam; you must enter alone." Saunders gave Rebecca a reassuring smile. "I will stay here," he said. "In another room, perhaps, sir?" said the servant. "No, I prefer to remain in the corridor. I do nut suppose you will be long, Miss Hen- shall." "Only a minute or two," said Rebecca, speaking as bravely as she could, "just to see Lady Jane and bring her away with me. She must be tired of waiting." She went bravely forward. The two ser- vants flung the doors wide, at the same time cleverly manipulating the heavy velvet cur- tains. They opened and closed behind He. bona Henshall.

(To be eontlnueo.)

THE HERO OF LABRADOR, Alice Stronach contributes to the " Quiver' the story of the boyhood and youth of Greaten of Labrador. He was born and brought up at Parkgate, a Elblag village on the estuary of the Dee, a few miles from Chester. Young Grenfell was in no way remark- able as child or boy. But both he and his brother loved adventure and an open-air life. They shared the same passion for sport, and delighted in firearms and explo- sives. They spent their days in adventuring on the sands of Dee, tracking tea-tow I, and hailing with fisher- men in their boats. They learned to endure cold and hunger. They set out on a canoe they built for them- selves, camping out overnight to be ready to join the fishing boats at breakfast. They used also to camp out in a little wooden shanty on an island. A peep into a mission tent:at Whitechapel made youag Greaten— then a medical strident—feel that his religious life was a humbug, and he vowed either to make it real or give it up. He made it real. He started as teacher of a clue of young hooligans, and made his room a seek' night gyo madam for them. Sir Fred,rick Treves was asked for a young doctor to take up work for the Mission to Deep Sea Fishermen. He recommended Greaten. So he began hie great career.

MR. SEDDON ON LIVRRPOOL'S 'BLOODY SUNDAY."

Mr. J. A. Seddon, speaking at a meeting of railway workers et St. Helena on Sunday, remarked that the cause of almost all the disturbance in the recent struggle wan that there were blacklegs willing to take the places of men who were out on strike for a living wage. The attitude of the Conservative party and others now was that because there had been some out- breaks of violence, and here and there some property Lad been Ilamaged and destrosed, they must take away from organised labour ita right to strike. Referrieg to what had taken place in Liverpool and oboe here, he mid it was directly traceable to the vieleme of the police and the presence of the rhilitary. The fight in Liverpool on" Bloody Sunday " must he directly and absolutely placed at the door of the police in the first instance. Why were the people shot down In I.ive pool ? It ass because of the regard for property Of the Conservative party and those opposing trade unionism, who placed property before human life : and they, as workers, had therefore thrust spun them a gteater necessity for organisation than ever confronted the men of this or soy other country. (Applause).

Mrs M. Reay, of 2, Oxford-street, Latchford, Warlington, says :—" I begat to suffer from kidney c iinplaiot none years ago, and I hail dreadful pains in ths small of my back. When I bent down I hi g eat difficulty is getting upright spin. Often I had to take hold of something to help me. There were other signs that my kidneys were not acting pioperly. " Being t II of 1)005.5 backache kidney pills, and the good they had done °them, I decided to try the medicitel. "1 took four box m in all, and! en honestly say they have done, me more gaol that anything else I ever used. I bane Seen mach better in every way since taking D 330.8 pills. (Signed) (Mr.) M. REIY." Oeer yearn after her cure, Mrs. Reay a-aid : " lam will keeping very well. Paan's pills slid as great good, and I h ivy of 03 recommended them. lam gl d t say my cute has ken • per- manent oae."

2/9 cs box, 6 &o. 13/9. One dz. only ; savor sold 100, Of all cht,oists and mores, or fr,o Foster-31W el an Co, It, 11'04 St., (Word St London, W. Oon't ask for Itackache or kidney pills—ask distinctly for DOAN'S Backache :iiclnrg Ville, the sante not Mrs. /emu/

1WN,.,%

wed nowadays at baptism is fregipotly thst worn by Ito mother at her wedding. .• _

Cosy Wrapt.—Theittre wraps for yoring girls are shows or A warm shade of red, almost, if not quite OH deep in colour rs thst once known as cardinal. These wraps are of n thick, but supple cloth, arid usually lined with chsrmeu as of white,gre, or any pretty contrasting colour. This wrap is circular in tr`-tii., mel falls to tie ankles. It is b eLk want ant comfort-441e, and does not crush the chant test doss. S tenet imps a hood is added, but this should be for ornament rather than use, as it generally spoils the coiffure. Perhaps no garment is more nathil arid comfortable than a circular cloth clii k, and this fact is fully realised by the French- women wlries wardrobe invariably includes one. It lasts for years, if of good flue cloth, and may he warranted to return (rein the cleaner, after many journeys looking as fresh as when new. About Slippers.—The old-fashioned slipper has under- gone such complete transform tti tn Om: it is now a thing of balmy as well as of comfort, nor has it lost any of its essentiil q talitim in the transformations that have resulted in such accaeded improvement Itsdrooni slippers offer ',riot,' ths. may not unproperly he term id intlitite. The bard-embroidered house oboe is a novelty chick may be noted as sui teltle for birth- day, or if not too ' previous " f r Christmas presents. The came in ty be said of the dress slippera in satin and suede in colours to match evening dresses. The d •C0r•1i.,119 of slip's.," are ale tldbit an art in them- selves, awl consist this autumn of bows, in various designs and makes of ribbon, etc , of stars, buckler, beads, end trimmings of every description.

, _ VIAWANSI%

===== 0002601_19110923_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WGMEN'S CHAT.

A Misguided Princess.—The ex-PrincEss Louise of Saxony is hut little known in this country, and her newl3-published autobiography " My own story "alit be more widely read on the Continent thin here. The ex-Princess is of a romantic end impulsive tempers- went, cud her story is the apology of a dis- contented women, who puts forward the excise of exoentuting circumstances, for her town errnos of Jung. meat. Sloe greatly disliked her father-in-law the late bung George of Soxony, and talks Sri" her enemies " at the Court at Meriden, but her worst enemy was her- golf. Of llopohurgolionth on perm:la:go, rho was born at the Castle of Salsetirg la 1870, and married the Crown Prirce, now the King of Saxony • —in 1.401, and hid a numerous family. From the first she found exlrtence at the Palace doll and uninteresting and yearned for a freer life. Althootogh fond of hr husband, she disliked her matri- monial relations, and also their ways,and to a person of her impulsive nature the aec.tision was more or less purgatory. Witr a little more patience she might, as a reigning Queen, have done much to alter all that, but blotted she left home, loath/Lod, and children in what ho been a called a" nerve storm," and wont from one mistake to another, the final one being her mareage with Signor Ton-hi. Tho divorce pronounced against her in Saxony, has not been recognised by the Emperor of Austria or by the Pope, and it in probable that the ex-Princess could retrace and retrieve everything but for her marriage with the Italian pianist, from whom she bas since separated. 1 he (heat French Actress.—Madame Sarah Bernhardt who is once more appearing on the London stage, this autumn, has bad a dibtinguished theatrical career tor nearly half a century. She was born in Paris, in October 1811, and merle her debut at the Theatre Francais in 1862. She fiat appeared in London some thirty years gr; yet despite her fifty years of strenuous professional life, the great French nonce. still retains her extraordinary vitality, her unique grace, her wonderful dramatic power, and her famous volt d'or. According to her own account, she seldom retires before three o'clock in the morning, passes her life more or less inn w hirl wind, and yet ears there is no such thing as old age. She never looks back on her young do3s with a sense of loss, never dwells ion the thought of getting old, and she says if you work and have a sufficient variety of interests, you can defy time sod ill health.

Food Prices.—'• Everything to be &wee—. Prices likely to thornier, this winter." Such are the headline., which a Londoo newspaper gives to an article fore- shadowing a mid further general rise of food prices. On the name day, the leading trade journal dealing with agricultural produca, asks whether in many instances the present high prices are justified, seei_g that they do hot accord with market quotations. It points out that whilst flour of every quality has declined in price since a year ago, the average price of bread has risen. Then with regard to the !Anion meat market., there has been a decline in price, in three classes, Os compared with twelve months ago, and no change in other claeses and the gime thing applies to poultry and egge, whilst the wholesale price of Irish bacon is lower. Due can understand that the drought., which has been general over Western Europe, has particularly affected the supply of beetroot, sug ir, and hotter, loot as regards sone provisions, at lease, it seems to be the old story over again, and the excuse of increased cost of distribution owing to strikes and higher wriges, does not justify the extent to which retail prices have been put up, whilst the producer is receiving no incre, or even less, than he did. It is this anomaly that has drawn the French housewives in many towns to go to such extreme lengths as open eoting in their revolt against the continucd increase of food prices. Overolothed —The Medical Officer for Winchester, in the course of his annual report, his given non useful little homily on the clothing of children. Tnere are, of course, among the very poorest, CAMPS of insulticieutly clad children, but Dr. Lyater testifies that "it is far more common to meet children wearirg an excessive quantity of clothing." The report affords confirmation of the opinion to which very many people with experi- ence on the subject have come, that there are not a few parents who are unlit to have the charge of children, and it into be feared that these parents are precirely Use people to whom it is of least use to offer advice. The more sensible mothers must sorely be impressed with the council of the Medical Officer, who thowe by several ludicrous examplen, that there are many children whose lives are being endangered by the extreme solicitude of their parents. There can be no doubt that many more children take cold through being over-clothed rather than under-clothed, aud when they do take cold through over-clothing, the over-elisions parent is inspired with " the idea of adding another thick garment to the already overstocked wardrobe, and the evil is thus intensified." At the seine time Dr. Lyster has found that while the trunk is heavily burdened by unnecessary layers, the limbs are often insufficiently clothed. Infant Fashions.- -Even baby raiment, which to the urobtervaut alanth looks the seine, is subject to the whims of Dame Fashion. To take one instance, there was a time whin an infant's robes were enormously lorg, mat the tender neck and fragile aru:s were exposed. At the moment it it the mode to shorten the skirt, lengthen Um !sleeves, and cover the Meet's throat. The baptismal robe, however, is less changed in appearance, the most up-to-date, and hygienic mothers permitting a certain amount of latitude in cut, and exquisite elaboration to character this particu- lar toilette. Following in the footsteps of queen Mary fashionable mothers are now chooaing Buckingham lane for the embellishment of the lieptismal robe and indeed for the layette generally, and all the atitchery is executed with the utmost finenes.s by band. The veil

===== 0002601_19110923_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY

TILE I.I,TCHFORD CLUB.

The First Eleven were defutel la thsir opning mach with %Vinnington Psik at I. it3hfard by 3 1, the •isitorsl3,ing superior all runlet With one or two excel: hos the home team seelrel short of practiu and were nothing like u smut on the bill as Why:auto'', All the scoring OA piaci iui th 3 trot hill and iiithough C niiclerahle pres,uro WI. pit on by the Wlanington forwards in the sec 'ad half tSe Latohford defenc3 held out, the guluseper nuking some good fin VP..

- The Second Eleven at Wilmington woo easily by 5-0, the opposition being weak in the extreme, sithouth th sound play of the I.atohrorl ull b.'s, hat a tot to do with the opposing forwards not getting thusigh and the goalkeeper was seldom called upon. Th, visiting forwards comhioed well and were held together by the judicious play of the centre-forward. The goals were scored by W Fletcher (3), tt Harding (I), A Starkey To-lay the First Eleven v. Sale" A "at Sale is : A Hill, goal ; P Allansno, T D.von, bckt ; F role, D Travis, 11 Parker, E Banks, forwar Is. Referee, Mr 11 Warhurton. Train from Aridity Station 2.30 p.m. The Socond Eleven v. Manchester V.M.C.11. at Latchford is : —ll Wright, goal : W It Plokles, Walsh, backs II Eccles, A It, Bradshaw, A Starkey, balms • II Fletcher, II Harding, W Fletcher, W M inard'e, T Banks, fat...rani,. It 'Woo, Mr W Knlts. Bully-off 2.13 p.m.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
TI:ENTHAH HALL.

The 100 of Trentham Hall iv one of the injuries which industry inflict' on art. When toe house maid no longer be tetud by the Du..e of Sutherland owing to the pollution of the river and like reason., be offered it as a gift to tbe nomicipality for 1143 113 an institution, lot even that proved impracticable. It is melancholy ,to record that the Hall is already being demolished. There will thus be lost not only a building made ieteresting by Vie remodelling it received at the hands of Sir Charles Barry, but alio the great gardens in the Italian manner, which nose know so well us he bow to design, even if the form of the terraces remains. Though Barry will always ho remembered for his Gothic Houses of Parliament, his scholarship and abilities are beat revealed by his Italianata work, at its best in the Reform Club, bet very notable at Trentham, the loss of which makes an ill cup in the story of Victorian building.--" Country Life "

===== 0002601_19110923_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRICT Vi

Stockton Heath.

HILL CLIFFIL R:rll,T CIII:nr li.—The autumns sermons were preached st this chorch On Sunday by the Rea. H. Rodgers of Tarporley whose discourses were listened to with great interest by large congregations. Special hymns and anthems were rendered by choir the at each service, and the collections, which vre.o in aid of the church funds, amounted to about £lO.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Frodsham.

OVERTON HILL FIRICD.—At Frodadasm Sessions on Wednesday, Dick Ball, of Frodsham Lordship, was charged with setting fire to the bracken and underwood on Overton Hill, on August 13th.—Mr. Linnaker, who appeared to prosecute on behalf of the owner, the ' Marquis of Cholmondeley, said the fire spread very rapidly, and while a number of employees were engaged in endeavouring to put it out, the defendant was seen to set fire to some bracken. The spot was one of the prettiest in Cheshire before the Pre. The damage amounted to hundreds of pstinds.—The defendant said he lighted a cigarette and threw the match down, and he then heard someone shout that he bed net the gorse on fire. He immediately went tack and beat out the fire with a gorse bosh before three pennyworth of damage was done.—ln fining the defendant 21s, inclusive or in default one month, the chairman said the hill was a great asset to tha people of Frodsham and it was their duty to protect it.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Penketh.

TUE TANNERY 13 tkri.—On Saturday last the Tannery hand won the that prize at Southport brass band contest which wes held in the Zoological Park. Eight bands competed. the test piece being grand selection " Ls Theists. " The adjudicator was Mr. John Partington. Th• Tannery Band has now won two firsts and two thirds this season.

••••••••••. ••••••• --- DEATH OF FORMER VICAR OF GREAT SANKF.Y.—It is with regret we record the death of the Rev. Edwin Sandys Jackson, who was for 19 years vicar of St. Mary's Church, Great Sankey. The rev. gentleman, had been living in retirement for the past 11 years at Monkstown, near Cork, and since May of this year be had been in failing health. He pasaedaway early on Sunday morning at the residence of Dr. Orpin (Cork). As vicar of this parish be had a happy and succeeratul time. Ile was much loved by his parishioners for his genial and kindly disposition and his unfailing generosity to all who were in need. During his v icar iate several improvements and additions were made, such as the restoration of St. Mary's Church, the building of St. Mary's Mission Sunday School, Penketh, Sankey Sund ty schools, and a chapel in the Cemetery. He also con- tributed .er..50 to the building fund of the new handsome vicarage in which his many friends hoped he would reside ; tut, owing to continued ill-health, he never occupied the residence, and was ultimately compelled to resign the living. He wis educited at Trinity C4llege, Dublin, where he graduated. His firint curacy was at Sutton, near St. Helens, his second at Farnworth nese Widnes, and finally be was appointed vicar of St. Mary's Church. The funeral took place on Wednesday afternoon at Sankey in the presence of a large and representative gathering. The Rev. J. R. Jones (•icar of Sankey) officiated at the service both in the church and at the cemetery.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
Lymm.

Covt,REGATIONAL CHRISTIAN SERVICE BAND.—A good number assembled at this meeting on Itloniay evening in the Congregational schcnd vestry. Mr. George Willem who presided spoke a few words on "Courage "stating that the young merubers of the band needed a great deal of that if they intended accomplishing any good work. A solo was rendered by a friend of Mr. Willan's entitled " 0 Precious Words."

PRI M ITI \lc METHODIST ClitillCPl HARVEST FESTIVAL SERVICES.—Tbe holding of special services for the ostensible purpose of giving thanks for the safe garner- ing of the fruits of the fleld,too often fail to synchronise with the ingathering of the final sheaf, and the premature sinf Mg of certain well known hymen consequently incites to a harmless sarcasm. The present autumn is however an exception to the general rule, and, owing to the early season, we can sing with conlldence,even in the middle of September, " All is safely gathered in." On Sunday last two impressive and appropriate sermons I were preached in the above church by Mr. J. W. Willintan of the Manchester College, who deftly handled I his subject, and showed, as in a mirror, how the reflection of God is to be seen is the world of nature. The congregation heartily joined in singing the hackneyed hymns which have done duty on like occasions for so many years, and the choir rendered Simper's anthem " Enter into His gates " with spirit and precision. Surely it is not too much to hope that out of the plethora of writers in the land, sman may be found who will provide us, in the near future, with a few good harvest hymns which we can uselalung with, or to place of, the veterans now waiting their well-earned rest i—On Monday a Service of Song, " The Harvest of the Home " interspersed with anthems, was given by the choir. The various numbers were well sung, and reflected the care and patience which the singers Ind evidently exercised in the preparation of the music. The several solos were effectively rendered by Misses M. .7. Appleton and Dora Cross, and Messrs. H. Clare, J. Wibberley, 'l' Newton, and G W Cross. The narrative was very distinctly and expressively read by the Rev R W B Whitevray, the resident minister. Miss Shore provided the acctmpaniments in her best style, and the conductor was Mr Edward.. The nasal sale was efterwards held in the schoolroom, when both the prices cbtained and the general hilarity of the company reached a high level. The church was very tastefully decorated for the festival, and the officials are deeply indebted both to the friends who provided the seasonable offerings and to those who arranged the gifts with such pleasing effect. The rongregatit.ns were good throughout and the financial result above the average. PETTY SESSIONS.

The monthly Lynam Petty Session] were held on Wednesday morning. ihe magistrates were :—Mt A Wetkin (in the chair), Major J E G Groves land Mr A W Callender. IRIsIINI.AN ASSAULTS LICENSEE AND DECAMP,— Thomas Burk,labouretof Wetaate Farm,Heatley,Lymm, WWI summoned for assaulting Joseph Thomas Lea, licensee of the Boat House Inn, Agden, on the 3rd September. Defendant did not nppsar and Serge,nt Washington informed the magistrates that he had cleared out of the neigbonrhood. Mr. Lea said he had been told by Burk's mates that be had gone hack to Ireland. The magistrates allowed the case to proceed and Lea said that on the night of the 3rd inst. defendant was drinking at the bar and without any cause whatever, he complained about the beer. Prosecutor told him to clear out and buy beer else- where ; hut ea the defendant would not go a itness went round the counter and took the defendant to the door ; without experiencing any resistance. Just as witness was abutting the door the defendent whirled round and with SE instrument—he thought it was a knife—cut witness on the rieht arm and then on the left eyebrow. Defendant was known to be a bad character and had done that sort of thing before.—hte Clerk (Mr. Harris) informed the magistrates that there could be a commit- ment but they could not touch the defendant if he were in Ireland as they had no jurisdiction there. But at any rate it would keep him out of the district —The Chairman said the magistrates were satisfied that an asaault had been perpetrated and would sentence the defendant to a month's imprisonment with hard labour. A LIVELY PI( NlC.—Theresa Dorn, married women, of 12, Warborton-ntreet, Salford, was summoned for being drunk and disorderly In Lymm Village on the 4th September—She denied that she was drunk.— Sergeant Washington said that on the day in question the defendant ens drunk and dancing and capering about on the canal bridge in front of a "road of men. She acted in a very ittarderly manner and " got the whole village U' one was almost like • wild woman in the street. The defendant was with a party of picnickers from Salford and be allowed her to go back with them in the bus on her promising to be quiet. —Defendant said she was heartily sorry for what she had done. She had never been on a picnio before. She was not drunk for she had never had a baby out ot her arms for more than half an hour during the whole day.—The Caairmant Hundreds of your sort come here and behave as if the place belonged to you. You are merely a type of what goes on here and we are determined to put it down, but as you were out on your first picnic we will only fine you be. " ALL THROUGH TEE VETO BILL." —NEW Drinkwater, brickaetter's labourer, of Newfields, Lyme], wee summoned by John Dixon, use., of 11. Newflelds,

Lymm, for using obscene language in the street on the 11th and the 15th ult.—Defendant pleaded guilty and remarked Ws all through the Veto Bill."—Sergeent Washington said that the defendant was a Liberal and the complainant a Conservative.—The defendant If there had been no Veto Bill I should not have been here to-day. (Laughter). —Dixon explained that he was standing in the street speaking to another man when the defendant came along and begin to sing to them "We have got the Veto Bill." VI itense told him to go sway and he then used the obscene language. Be had had some drink at the time.—A Hoe tf ss. was imposed. DID HE STEAL MIS OWN PROPERTY ? .

-.....—.—.... . An interesting though complicated case was heard I when Joseph Lord, insurance agent, of Woodbine-road, I Sandy-lane, Lyman, summoned Henry Thompson, a retired seaman, of the Mariners' Home, Egremont, Cheshire, for feloniously stealing four blankets (valued at 285.) the property of the said Joseph Lord. Prosecutor said that by the will of Emily Florence or Kerrigan who died on 14th May of this year, he was left with her property and insurance money (amounting in all to £2B). He and the decease' were friendly neighbours and he used to go into the house and read to her, as she was blind. In pursuance of ithe will he got it proved at Chester and he heA the probate, which he produced. Thompson, who was the deceased's brother, attended the funeral and witness told him that there was a will in his (witness's) favour, at which the defendant expressed displeasure. On the 26th May the defendant came to his home and took the four blankets while he was away, but his wifewas present. Mae. Lord mid they had not beneated by the will as there were so many debts that they were out of pocket When the defendant was at their house his language was awful. Though the money was left to Mr. Lord, be gave Thompson £5. Defendant Out of charity. I took the blankets and if I had had a horse and cart I should have taken the whole house and her an well. (Laughter )

Mr. Lord said that three ;leis. before Mrs. Florence died he stayed with hrr for two hours. She spoke quite rationally and she wished him to look alter her affairs and pay her debts when she died. • •

In anst4r 'to Major Groves, witness said that he drafted the will without Mrs. Florence's instructions, but he was not present when the final document was ' made two days before ber death. On his oath, Thompson said that for five days before she died Mn. Florence was unconscious He said he had been with his sister (Mrs. Florence) for seven I eeks before she passed away and they were on terms of affection. He was the last one to speak to her before she became unconscious and when he asked her what she was going to do with her propsrty she said " You ought to know, you are my only relative." He contended that he was entitled to the estate as when the will. which Mr. Lord had, was made she was uncon- scious and her hands were also paralysed. She was no more able to make a will than she was able to fly. She bad, therefore, died intestate and as he was the next of kin he was entitled to her property. From that they would see that he was charged with stealing his own property. Mr. Bryan, 9, Tollemache-street, Nem Brighton, said that the deceased lady died at his house. For seven days previous to death she was not capsble of doing any business. It was only now and spin that she spoke. She died of a cancerous liver. The magistrates then retired and on returnlng a few minutes later sit that they had asked themselves the question as to whether the defendant had intended to • fe'oniously " steal the blankets and they were unanimously of opinion that he did not, and therefore the case would be dismissed.

The defendant ,atunated that he intended having the alleged will reversed.

MISCELLANEOUS, Thomas Dutton Doke, farmer, Wetgate farm, Heatley Lymm, was summoned for allowing his dog to be at, large without a collar inscribed with his name and address, in Mill-lane, Heatley, on the 23rd August.— Defendant stated that he did not know that the dog bad got away—ha broke the chain. With regard to the collar not having a name and address on, it Was an old one, for the other one hod been stolen a fortnight before.—A fine of 2s. 6d. was imposed.—Edward Baker, carter, 43, Ellesmere-street, off 61ersey-street, Warring- ton, was fined ss. for being asleep while in charge of two horses and a lurry in Warrington-road, High Lagh, on the 19th August, at 2.45 p.m.—Thomas Cook, Wooster-lone, Thelwell, was summoned for being the owner of a horse and cart and causing the same to exhibit a light other than a red one at the rear of the cart on the lath August. at 11.30 p.m.—The defendant was represented by his son who said that he did not know there had to be a red light at the rear of a cart. He had been using a white light at the rear for four years.—Defendant was tined 55.—tlenry Leigh, labourer, Broomedge, Lymm, was fined Gs. for using obscene language In Lymm on the 12t0 September. RIDII,IO BICYCLE WITHOUT LIGHTED LAIIE.--Jamee Tinier, barman at the Bull's Head Inn, Lynam, appeared in answer to a summons for riding a bicycle without a lighted lamp attached at Eagle Brow, Lymm at 10.45 p.m. on August leth.—Defendant said that when he was coming down Eagle Brow the light was jogged out and instead of getting off to renew it, he thought be would wait until be got to the bottom of the hill. When he reached the bottom the constable was there and took his name and address.—Defendant woo lined 3m. Gd.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

NEW BOROUGH SURVEYOR.

Mr. Arthur W. Bradley, who has been borough surveyor of Bury for neatly twelve years, has been selected for the surveyorship of St. Helens at a salary of £6OO a year. The vacancy was caused by the retirement of Mr. 0. 3. C. Broom, who had been surveyor since ISSI. ONE RAILWAYMEN'S UNION.

Mr. VS'. Hudson, M.P. for Newcastle, was the principal speaker at a railway workers' meeting held at St. Helens on Sunday in support of a universal eight., hour day for railwaymen. He said that they were on the eve of a great reform, provided that the railwaymen of the country were true to themselves. They must look for a unity of force, and he wanted to ask them whether they believed in that.-IYea.) They could not play fast and loose in these matters ; they were bound to be serious, and if that expression of opinion which was cheered to the echo by all sections of railwaymen was real, what was the answer to-day ? The only answer was one union for railwaymen—(applause),—and that the sooner they got to work the better. He had heard some people talk about federation. Federation was very nice in theory, but it did not work out in practice. They had tried it, and they wanted something more something that was real unity. It was nothing short of a tragedy that over 100,000 men in the railway service were getting less than £1 a week.—(Sbame.) It was a shame, but it was a shame upon them to allow it to continue. The time was ripe for a stnndard working day for railway men as a whole, but they would not get it without a fight. Mr. Hudson mentioned that with a standard day 60,000 more men would be required on the present basis to work the lines of the country.— (Applause).

===== 0002601_19110923_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR CANDIDATE FOR ST. HELENS.

The St. Helens Labour party held a large meeting at the Town Hall on Ssturday night, when Mr. T. Glover, J.l', ex-M.P., was again adopted as the Labour cendi- date for the borough. Mr. James Hart (chairman of the Trades and Labour Council) presided, and there were present Mr. Glover, Mr. Stephen Walsh, M.P., and Messrs. W. C. Robiessis (National Labour Party), W. Forshaw, J. Francis, I'. Hamblett, J.P., A. Rudd, J.P., P. Phythian, and A. Valentine. ' Mr. James Hewitt presented a large framed illumin- ated address to Mr. Glover, stating :—" You have had the honour of worthily representing this borough in Parliament during a period remarkable for the rapid growth of a workers' party which seeks to sweeten aid enrich the lives of the toilers. We believe the worker• in this borough never before were no well represented. We are glad to know that you will again contest this borough at the first opportunity, and we hope that you will again be triumphantly returned and that you will long live t 3 be its esteemed member of Parliament.' Mr. Glover said he stood before them as a Labour representative pure and simple to ask them t 3 follow their own party, and not to be lei away by ei h Liberal or Tory. Their party had done many things, and one great measure that they were especially keen about was the Right to Work Bill. That had been talked about along time, and, though It night &purer that very little had been done, they had created a feel- ing in the minds of many Liberals and Tories that the state of the man who was out of work must be dealt with, and that in this particular things must le improved by some means or other. Though the Govern- ment did not appear very willing to take it up, the Labour party would press on until the question was dealt with. Thousands of working men in that and all other towns were working for Ifs., 17a. or 19s. per week. It was impossible for people to live and to do their duties to their families on such wages. The cry of the bottom dog was heard in the land. The wages of the workers were not increasing, but their food had increased in price by 20 and 30 per cent. The unrest siould not cease until every working man, whatever he might be working at, received no less than 21s. a week. Mr. Stephen Walsh, 31.1'., said that if they but possessed the will, they potioeesed power to make a clean sweep of many of the things which stood between them and their right as human beings, equal before God with the richest end proudest in the lend.

"There is such a thing as litigation fever—the anxiety of knowing whether one is going to win or lose," mid a medical wittiem in a compensation case at the Menai Bridge County Court.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SHOOTINO A HOMER.

At Runcorn Remained, on Monday, Edward Johns's°, Stepley-streat, Runcorn, was deed se. and the costs Zi ISt 6d.),and also the value (211, for shooting a homing pigeon, the property of Mr. T. Butler, Moss Side, Manchester, on August 26th, at Norton.

SPECIAL CONSTABLE CORPS DISBANDED. At Runcorn Sessions, on Monday, twenty-one special constables, who were sworn in during the recent railway strike, were discharged. Then:airman Dr M`Dougall) said the county end petty sessional divisional of Runcorn were deeply indebted to those people for coming forward at such a time, when there was tronblo in various parts of the country, but which, fortunately, did not touch Runcorn. lie had a special knowledge of Runcorn during the past forty-three years, and he was quite conscious that if the trouble did spread to Runcorn there would be no need for the special constables, because he knew too well how anxious they all were in Runcorn to keep law and order. On behalf of the county and the bench be begged to th.k those people who came forward so spontaneously for their kind offer in case of need.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
" LANCASHIRE RAILWAY SOCIETY OF FREE WORKERS." NEW ORGANISATION AT WIDNES.

At Widnes on Monday, a meeting of non-union rail- waymen was held to protest against the tyranny of trade unions.

The principal speaker was Mr. Mark Judge, London, who contended that the time was come when trade unionists should be taught to behave themselves and non.unionists should combine against the forces of State Socialism with which trades unionism was synonymous. He described the letter of Mr. Williams, secretary of 'the A.S.R.S., as the most miserable and dastardly ever published in a free country. What was wanted was a counter organisation of non.unionists. A resolution was carried, with alight opposition, slating that the continued attempts of coercion on the part of trade unions made it imperative for workers who desire to remain free to organise in self-defence. and resolving to establish a society called the" Lanca- shire Railway Society of Free Worksrs," for the purpose of maintaining the principles of personol responsibility, and especially to protect the rights of individual members to live and work in freedom. Thirty joined the society.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WEEK'S HOBBY.

A DATE-CARD CASE.

From the following directions, the average amateur can make a very handy, and at the same time ornamental, date-card case. The wood used in its manufacture should be tin. thick. For the back (a) a piece bin. by Sin. will suffice. With a pair of compasses the correct shape is marked, and a fret-saw, carefully manipulated. does the rest. Pieces 3tin. by lin. are used for the sides, I a. Before shaping these, the unshaded part should be reduced in thickness slightly for purposes explained later. Then the oblong holes shown should be carefully made by

in., and sin. from the bottom. after which ehspe them. A piece 3in. by lin. is sufficient for the bottom, c. Great care should be exercised with regard to the holes at either end and the semicircular indention at the back. _ _

6 ', .. , 7,/y, ': \ •., 7.• r•.; ~•$ ;:',..,,i,.;..,, : \ il , • '-•• r 1,;,,, ;:t ~..•,4, : •,,, \ ' . . • i'!,,,,r,fit,. i. ,f/,':;t . lciz: •,,-r -7, '• -*

===== 0002601_19110923_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
PUTTING THE PIECES TOGETHER.

After the above parts have been nicely sandpapered, etc.. proceed to put them to- gether. c should be fitted to B B by putting its ends through the holes in B B. They are held together by means of small neat wedges inserted in the holes in c which protrude on the outer side of B B. Now place the longer sides of B B within the dotted lines shown on a, and securely fasten with snvall screws driven through the back, and the frame is complete. Oct some clean cardboard, not toe thick, and the same on both sides. Cut fif- teen pieces, 21 in. by l in. in size, and

neatly print numbers 1 to 31, one on each side of each card for the days of the month; three pieces, 21 in. by 2 in., with the names of the months, one at each end of each side of each; and two pieces, 21 in. by 2,1 in., with the names of the days of the week. Let the edges of the cards be clean-cut. The tallest cards, giving the days of the week, should be put at the back, those giving the names of the months next, and the cards indicating the days of the month in front. The greater thickness of the sides in front keeps the cards from falling out.

, oli,i, /, 1 I) I/// \ i t / 1 11.16,, 1A 4. 1, 1 I 1 ' 11 1 et ....

===== 0002601_19110923_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A TERRIER'S KENNEL.

It is also easy to make a terrier's kennel. The materials required are as follows: 38 ft. of i-in. wood, 11 in. broad: i doz. 2-in. nails; 3 doz. 1-in, nails: 2 doz. 1-in. screws. The floor is the first consideration. Cut two pieces from the plank 2 ft. llf in. long, and two pieces 20 in. long by 51 in. broad; plans thent nicely 'on all sides. These pieces are now to be screwed together as shown in Fig. 1. Cut off a piece 3 ft. 9 in. long, and cut it through the central faint at an angle of 45

degrees. Place the long edges together to form the end of the kennel, and natl to the bottom with 2-in. nails. Make the front in the same way. but cut out a piece for the doorway. For the sides cut twelve pieces 18 in. long and 5 in. wide, and nail them to. gether—six on each side—as shown in the second illustration. The cross-bar, A, is 1 in. square Cut eight pieces 18 in. long, for the top, and nail them on. Let the edges hip about in. over the end. The kennel is now completed, and only needs painting or coal- HUGE STORAGE TARES.

Four steel storage tanks having a capacity at 6,000 tons each are to be erected at Cosi port for storing oil fuel for the British Navy. When com }doted, facilities will exist for stocking .1,01,0 tons of fuel.

LEROPLAKE ON THE SEA. The first heavier-than-sir mariiine to make successful flights starting from water is the Fabre. For this purpose the monoplane is provided with floats which euable it also to be navigated upon water. The tapering form of tie bottom of the floats permits them to pass cr;er weed 3, ropes, and other floating bodies, ci. to skim over shoals without danger, even at high speed. No motor-boat has so much ease of evolution in shallow water as such a hydroplane propelled by an

MASINZ aEROPLANN.

Eros erns '

: • • - . 14,

===== 0002601_19110923_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
air propeller. This is no strikiugly true that it even holds good if there is no water. If the Fabre marine aeroplane should land on a meadow it would not be injured, for in such a ease it. hydroplane float, are sufficiently solid to act as regular skids. Moreover, a deviea is being perfeeted to permit it to start s•,—! 1!-,4 ;indifferently on land or water. OPEN-AIR POLITICS.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR LEAGUE CLOSES ITS CAMPAIGN.

How the Foreigner Taxes Himself.

The Warrington Progressive Labour League brought another remarkably successful open-air campaign to • close on Monday evening with a meeting at Bridge Foot. A large and enthusiastic audience had the privilege of hearing a very able and destructive criticism of Protection by Miss Edith Hammond, of London, one of the foremost lady speakers on the Free Trade platform. Mr. J. Morton presided and was accompanied on the platform by Mr. and Mrs. E. Wynne Jones, Mr. T. R. Ashworth and Mr. H. lhorsas. The CHAIRMAN said that although Free Trade had been so frequently discussed at their meetings, it wss such a great and vital question that it could always be dealt with from a new point of view. Miss HAMMOND delivered an interesting speech full of sound argument and concrete instances of the evils of tariffs in foreign countries. She at once addressed herself to a tariff " reform " leaflet which declared " Our present system taxes you. Tariff reform will tax the foreigner." Having demonstrated the superior stability of Free Trade finance as shown by the Budgets of various countries, MiEfl Hammond asked whether, BS a logical people not carried away by violent impulses, we considered there was any argument for a change in oor policy when we found rival nations—France, Russia, Germany and America— each of whom had the power to tax the foreigner, showing a deficit instead of a surplus when they came to the end of their financial year? About twelve months ago the " Daily Mail " published a statement I to the effect that GF.RMANV'S ARMY AM, NAVY were largely paid for by taxes on English goods. That, the article added, applied to the navy and army of almost every country in the world. "It is ire" the "Daily Mail " said " who have hitherto paid for Germany's social reform. Let Germany now pay for a little of ours " and to-day they were telling us that the German insurance scheme was financed out of the duties on English manufactured goods. On going into the question, she discovered that in the year under notice the Germans spent 4.40,000,000 upon their army end £15,500,000 upon their Navy. Another little fact which would be rather startling to the tariff reformer was that the Germans collected in duties on manufactured goods at their ports a paltry £7,ooo,ooo—not from England alone but from the whole world. (Applause) Therefore, the pro- ceeds of the tariff on manufactured goods went about , one-sixth of the way to providing the German Army ' —let alone the Navy. She was forced to ths con- clusion that for once the " Daily Mail " had made a slight error. (Laughter.) We in this country provided our Dreadnoughts out of current revenue. The Germans, with their power to tax the foreigner—if it could be done—got theirs on "tick.' (Laughter.) They raised a loan of between £40,000,000 and £50,000,000 to pay for them. At the end of 1908 they were £25,000,000 short. How did they raise that sum ? People who believed in the promise that under Protection we could shift our burdens on to somebody else, would have an idea that the Germans would make us or the French- men pay that deficit. But instead of doing that, they levied taxeu on beer, tobacco, coffee, tea, spirits and matches. She had been told that the price of matchts was now so high in Germany that some men could not afford to smoke at all on windy nights. (Laughter). Electricity was also taxed—a curious way of encourag- ing industries—and there were increased levies on sugar, coal, property transfers, bills of exchange and even on railway tickets. Was not the latter impost one that we should particularly resent in this country ? The Conservative" Morning Post "bud an article in June last in which it &teenaged the

RAILWAY TICKET TA( and its difficulties. It said that the railway companies in Germany were beginning to complain because the people who used to travel first now travelled second, and so on down to the fourth class. We in England did not want a fourth class, but in Protected Germany, where they were all so wealthy, they liked to travel fourth. (Laughter.) The railway companies were suggesting that the Government should pat a tax on the fourth class to drive the people op again. (laughter.) The people were objecting and the "Morning Post " ended with the very significant words that the German Government would be willing to give up the duty on railway tickets, as it was praying the cause of so much dissEnsion, but they did not know where to turn to raise the £1,00,000 which the tax brought in. And that in spite of their power to tax the foreigner. (Applause). A few years ago the Conservative Govern- ment in England, being desirous of finding out whether an import duty would be added to the price of the article taxed, naked for

===== 0002601_19110923_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
'TIIII.OPINION OF' AN EXPERT,

Professor Marshall, of Cambridge. He replied: "It is my opinion that in nearly all important cases the import duty is borne almost entirely by the consumer." If we looked abroad we could see the proof of Professor Marshall's statement. Quite recently there bad been food riots in France, caused in the beginning by the drought, but added to that there was the artificial restriction which kept out foodstuffs. Only that morning they bad read of terrible scenes in Vienne, the people having marched out to

demonntrate becauie of the- lack of meat and bread, with the result that there were riots, with violence and loss of life. It might be asked " What about strikes and food prices in this country ? " She did not want to minimise the fact that food prices bad risen here, but what she said was" ‘Voe unto you if to the rises in food prices which are natural you add an artificial came for a still further rise." (Applauae.) She recently had a conversation with a German who told her that in his country the agrarian and clerical parties were too strong for the mars of the people. They could not by their votes cleir away the oppres- sion under which they Isboured. To him the Britikh workingman who looked at Protection seemed as if he wan

ABOUT TO PUT ill, HEAD INTO A NOOSE which the German workingman was trying his best to get his head cot of. (Applause.) In every country where they bad Protection, it meant that the duties in the long run were paid by the people who lived in those countries. The phrase "Taxing the foreigi er " had become a laughing stock. It reminded her of an expression of the late Lord Randolph Churchill with reference to a meeting which he addressed at Oldham : " I talked ' taxing the foreigner.' It went down like butter, but heaven only knows how it's to be done." (Laughter.) She did not wish to lay down a hard and fast rule and to my that never, under any circumstancer, could we tax the foreigner. There were exceptions to every rule, and it wee upon the exceptions that the tariff reformers founded their policy. In order that they could see that there was no deception on her part,she would give them one of the cases in which we could tax the foreigner. They would then realise that such cases must indeed be few and far between. If the foreigner was sending us something which we did not want much—a luxury, perhaps—and we put a duty of 2s. upon it and he added that duty to the price, we might turn round and any " Take your duty oft or we shall not deal." If that foreigner was making such IS big profit in our market that he could afford to give anything away, he might remove that extra sum for the purposes of keeping our custom and in that case we should have persuaded him to pay the duty. But their were severed Important " ifs," and they knew the old saying If 'ifs were horses, beggers would ride." (Laughter.) We had to suppose that the foreigner was sending us something we did not much watt, no that we would be in a position to bargain w ith him. The vast majority of the trade coming in, however, was not in things which we did not want, and in which we could Say " Take it away or reduce your price." We were importing

===== 0002601_19110923_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
'FOOD STUFFS AND RAW MATERIAL

also found that they had to pay the duty on tobacco. Miss Hammond also showed how the duty levied on corn during the South African war fell upon the home consumer. In Germany, she continued, the corn duties caused the people to have to pay £45,000,000 more per annum for their food. Only £5,000,000 of that sum went into the coffers of the Government, the balance going into the pockets of the great nobles who owned the corn growing land. In Germany they were supposed to love the Protectionist system, Lot the

. . NIL-ST BE VEGETARIANS —(langliter)—because there was not ninth substance in currants or raisins and she would not make much fuss about them as long as she could get her teeth into a nice juicy steak. (Laughter.) Having pointed out that the lanes on articles of that kind were heavier in Protected Germany and France, Miss Hammond said that Protectionists evidently imagined that under their system there would be two prices for loaves in that bakers' shops— one for the foreign loaves and the other for the English and Colonial bread. (Laughter). Our present system levied duties for revenue purposes only, trying to ensure that which came out of the pockets of the people was rendered back to them is some service or another. We had to choose between that and the proposal to protect industry after industry for the sake of private individuals and monopolies. It might be argued that only those industries which were in need of help would he protected. When we turned to America, however, we found it was the INDUSTRIES THAT HAD THIS MOST POWER AND MONEY and could bring the greatest influence to bear which received the greatest advantages. No-one could foresee the future of any industry and under Tariff Reform we might be bolstering up old industries which should be allowed to die, and checking new industries which in the natural course of events would yield better returns. Having referred to the demoralization of public) life which inevitably followed in the train of Protection Miss Hammond concluded : You may see placards telling you to tax the foreigner as he taxes you," but remember it is merely a catch-word to catch the votes of unthinking people. The power to buy in the cheapest market our foodstuffs, raw materials and manufactured goods is one of our greatest blessings and through this Tariff "Reform" idea wa may be running the risk of losing the commercial supremacy which this brave little island has held so long. (Loud applause). Mr. E. WYNNE JONES announced that Mr. Tom Wing ex-M.P., for Grimsby, would address a meeting in the Co-operative Hall on October sth. (Applause.) Core Mooing he characterised the series of meetings just con- eluded as the finest which the League had ever held. H. did not know bow much longer they would have to discuss Free Trade and Thrift Reform. The TARI`o P REFORMERS WERE BEATEN TO THE WORLD (applause)—and be believed the Tory party would soon drop the question. Of all the Try members in the present House of Commons, only abcut forty ware pledged to tariff reform. The others, he believed, were Free Traders. (Applause). At the present time the tariff reformers were tired of talking about taxing the foreigner. Free Traders had knocked the bottom out of that argument once end for all. (Applause) Now they were talking a great deal about Colonial preference. They were making Imperial unity a party question. Free trader; and Liberals were, however, just as much or more interested is the unity and welfare of the Empire than the Tory party could possibly be. (Applause.) He maintained that, spread all over the world, as cur Empire was, with the difference in character and interests and the ditScultits of communi- caticn, the proposal 3 of the tariff reformers would never meet the case. The best policy fur the country and the Empire was Free Trade. (Applause.) Tariff Reformers said they wanted to bind the Empire together. They poibted to Germany and the United States and said "Look hoe those countries are federated." But they forgot to state that federation in Germany and the Uaited States was on a Free Trade basis—that there was

for our people and a very imall portion consisted of manufactured articles. Even then, amongst the manufactured articles they would find it very difficult to choose anything that was not in its turn the raw material of acme other trade. Then auto the possibility of the foreigner making such a big prcflt that he could afford to give something away, in these days of cut-throat competition they would find that if be had got anything to give sway he would have reduced his price long ago in order to cut the throat of somebody else. The countries which bad the power] to tax the foreigner to-day were simply finding that the taxes were thunder- ing upon their own head?, getting higher and higher so that she, ens Free Trader, was looking forward to tte day when there would be a

RP141.1.10N AG AIN,T THE ITOTECTIONIST SI STIM i in country after country, (Applause.) Semi people were inclined to question whether the effect of tariffs would be as evil in this country as abreact. They thought we would somehow be able to manage the system better than the foreigner. Did we /side our- selves on being no wise that oLr experience should be different from that of all the other countries of the world? She ventured to say " No." When Mr. Lloyd , George's Budget was flist introduced, it was proposed that there should be a tax on petrol. As soon as that tax was suggested the wools who were sendirm petrol to us from the other side of the Atlantic dispatched notices to their ustotners to the effect that inlthe event of a duty of any description being levied on petroleum products, on and after that date the buyers should pay to the sellers a sum, in addition to the contract price, equal Ito the amount of duty payable thereon. (Applause.) When that duty came into force the people who were buying petrol soon realized the difference. Smokers

AI3SOLUTE FREF.DOM OF CO:IIILFU K between the different States. (applause.) What the I Tariff Reformers proposed was that the Colonies should be allowed to retain their present tariffs against the mother country. He maintaiot d that if there was anything that stood in the way of closer union batsmen Englsna and the Colonies, it was not the Free trede system of the mother country, tut the fiscal system of the Colonies. (Applause). Why should we add to our sacrifices for • purely imaglnery better relationship ? Why should we tax the food of our children and endanger our trade with our best customers ? We were not going to do it—(epplausc—and he said emphatically that the Colonies did not want us to make the secrifl se. The question which the Colonies had to face was union to the mother country or subjection by some other power, and he believed they woulTelleay• remain bound to the mother country by the worth ties of lave and affection. kApplsuse., Free Traders would welcome a

straight fight on the fiscal question, but the tariff reformers persisted in bringing in side issues. Free frade was the best guarantee of international peace, fcr the dangers to the peace of the world to-day did not come from those countries which recognised their dependence upon each other, but (corn Chase wolch tried to live in isolation. (Applause,.

LABOUR PARTY IN THEIR MANIFESTO stated: "Down with the Protectionist system which Lnca --- 2shlre Congregational Lay Preachers injures the vital interests of many millions of people ! Down with the Protectionist system which oppresses the poor and favours the rich ! " Continuing, Miss Hammond said she admitted that the present system taxed us, but we could not have anything without pay- ing for it, whether as a nation or as individuals. We raised a certain amount of revenue by dillies on currants, raisins, tea, tobacco, Scc., which came from abroad. The tariff reformer therefore had a handle against the Free Traders. " You call yourselves the non-food-taxing party," he said," and yet you are taxing food." The people who wrote leaflets of that kind

===== 0002601_19110923_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Clothes and Chapel-going

The thirteenth yearly Conference of the Lancashir' Congregational Union Lay Preachers' Association We held on Saturday afternoon in Chapel-street Congregational Church, Southport,under the presidency of Mr. Benjamin Aspinall, of Orcell, Wigan. Mr. William Woof, of Askew, who has been a lay preacher for fifty years, was elector chairman. Mr. George Nicholls, of Peterborough, ex-Libetal .M.P. for North Northants, gave an address, in which he said Oust as long as people felt they could never go into God's house unless thy had what we were pleased to call "decent clothes," he felt that ministers somehow had not convinced the people that Jesus Christ wag once a working man. He never felt no much reproach es on a Sunday morning, when he passed a Roman Catholic Church, for the worshippers there %fart in their clogs and working clothes and shawls. In the evening a public meeting was held, presided over by Mr. B. Aspinall, of Orrell. He observed that the material aspect of the Sermoo on the Mount and other portions of Christ's teaching were possibly unduly pressed to the front, and that sometimes at the expense of the moral and spiritual. The Rev. Fred Hibbert, president of the Lancashire Congregational Union, and Mr. George Nicholls also spoke. The latter, as a by preacher, appealed to his colleagues not to be always rubbing in the drink enemy as though that was the only one. No man had a right to trust Parliament to redeem mankind. The State, when it did its beat, could only offer facilities for improvement. The work of the ssint was as much to lift up as to look sip. They had to get in touch wi.h the weakling and the wastrel. If all the failures of the State were rectified to.mwrow, if they filled West- minster with Lab Air members, the individual would still be his own social saviuur.

Exquisite flavour, strength, quality and great economy arc found combined in Symington's Coffee Essence. Cost: 4 cups id.

Ti.. Simko. Eadosill 6 Loam SYMINGTON'S COFFEE ESSENCE

• I

===== 0002601_19110923_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Wynne Jones on Drink and Pauperism.

Sir,-1 notice, frcrn the rr Icit c f the Wan ington Progressive Labi.ur League in )our valued issue of Saturday last, that Mr. E. Wynne-Jcnes has made the statement that " 90 per cent. if the pauperism of this country was traceable directly to rtreng drink." May I, therefore, ask your hospitality fir an erquiry as to his authority for such a drcstic assertion ? The Right Hon. Charles Booth gives an anal)sia of 1,610 cases of great poverty which he investigated in London and returns nine per cent. as beirg c'.ne to drink (husband or both I.usband and wife) and a further five per cent. as being due to a drunken or thriftless wife. Mr. Rowntrie divides poverty into two sections, primary and sec ndary, ar.d does not include drink in the primary srctiou at all. Mr. Lee Jones in his inquiries kto poveny and drink in Liverpool reports . "As a life-long tee,otaller I was pre-disposed to the beat that the poverty and actuator were heavily due to drink. Ihe overwhelOng evidence of my investigations colvinced me that mis- fortune—lack of work, casual labour, &c.—was the chief cause of poverty." It would, therefore, be of great interest to know tipm what evidi nee Mr. Wynne-J. flea bases his estimate ar.d I hope you will, by publishing this letter, give him the opportunity to produce it in reply. - You he 20th Seitember, 10.1

A. HAND.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
National Service in New Zealand.

Sir,—Your watchful (ye never fails to note and publish any tit-bits likely to entertain those who are interested in National Service and our Quotation from the " Manchester Guardian" as to the progress of the citizen Army in New Zealand has given 11Se to much comment. . .

From that quotation it noTears that the registration of cadets has not prcceedrd as satisfactorily in New Zealand as in Australia. May I point out that these figures roust be received with caution, as no official statistics have yet reached this country. It is noteworthy that in both the Australia Common- wealth and the democratic Dominion of New Zealand governments whose views are far more progressive than those :of your most extreme Liberal supporters, base introduced univerval military training on the same lines as the National Service League proposes ior this country. The only opponents can be divided into three classes.

1. Quakers, who% views we all respect, and for whose conscientious objections the N.S.L. makes full provision. 2. Socialists who want to nationalise everything in theory and yet are the first to object to a National Citizen Army in practice. :.i. Youths suffering from a ' tired feeling' possibly ergendered, as in this cou.try, by years of prosperity which they have enjoyed with.,nt giving anything in return. .

Many observers consider that the citizen army in New Zealand was "misled " i e passed without a thorough and a se ions campaign Lr educating the public mind. We are trying tonvoid any such mistake in this country and for thit reason in Warrington the Executive Committee have artanged for a meeting on October 18th, as advertised in your columns, which is to be addressed by a peer, a sailor, a soldier, two strong Liberals and a Trades Cnionist. - Yours etc., 13. S. TOWNROE, 20th September,l9ll, 10, AN mmarleigh-street, Warringten. --- Education of Public Opinion. _ _

Sir—To-day, we hear a grea deal of the "education of public opinion" with regard to the social and political problems of this country. The difficulties which beset the solution of the questions which confront us as a natien increare, and it can scarcely The hoped that they will be overcome unt;l we have a welt-a:located democracy. One can readily understand the abuses that would follow if people were just satisfied to vote by proxy, and refused to take an intelligent interest in the government f the country. lam afraid that there is still much room for improvement in that respect, and that sometimes the " education of public opinion" is a mere party cry; tut that there is a decided change coming user: Us is evidenced by the activity which is being dis- played ly all sections f the community. Even the middle class" is "waking up"— and that is a sure sign! There can be no better. way of " testing " one's opinions than by hearing what " the other side " has to say about them. The Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society is the place for that. The meetings are held weekly, and the munbership fee is small So that the speaking may not be of the parochial pattern efforts ate being made to secure the bervlies of leaders of thought. Sir Edward Russell has consented to speak at the meeting on the 3rd October; Mr. W. C. Gladstone has promised to come later; end, doubtless, the Member for Warring:on, and his political opponent, Mr. A. H. Cr. afield, will be present ,t Nene of .the meetings during the session. . .

As will he seen In the advertisement columns of rturtable paper, the Autumn 8,96 n opens on Tuesday evening next in the Parlour, Cairo-street, at 7.45 p.m. Intending membe, s are tequested to attend at 7ao So that their names may be enrolled and constituencies allotted them—Yours, Ac , EDMUND OSBORNE, HOD. Secretary. 22, Bold-street, Warrin eon. 20th September, [Ott.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Hr. Harold Emith's Wire Tangle.

Sir,—" If the Warrington Corporation wanted a quantity of wire, and the price fr. to War. ington was £3,000 and from Germany £2,750, wculd it be economically sound to buy it from Warrington? " Mr. 11E11.41 Smith, M.P.

Has Mr. Harold Smith. N P., put forward the above " problem " eri ou 81 yas a buainees proposition ? I . . .

cannot think that be has.

It is quite obvious to the ordinary citizen that the adoption of such a principle by the Warrington Corporation ;valid lead to endless jobbery, and a further examinatioo would reveal the absurdity of such an unbusiness-like proposition. Individualists often take refuge in a faitb that the extension r f the proprietary duct, and the competition fits members, will alwa3s famish an adequate safeguard against the tyranny of auy one f them. If competition is right amongst the members of the proprietary class, why should an individualist like the Member for Wallington protest against its adoption in mipiicipal affairs? The community as a whcle is suiely deserv- ing of no less consideration than it part. • It seems to me that the proper person to be chal- lenged is some prominent member of the Warrington 'Town Council and not one who has no connection etlbsitever with the Cuncil and the conduct of its „IslresiciPal grails. But that would hardly serve the :121c. There is a much more useful political move :such an Innocent looking ' problem." I'll tell •IVA Irby. * -• Ho* will the suggestion appeal to an employ in a .140 works? He will argue. of course, that if there

is less steel impo.ted from Germany (the very name weights the scales ngt.inst an opponent in debate), the more will be mwie in Erglat.d. If thme is more made in England, the Letter it sill I e for him. ALd no matter whether it is " comma icaliy sound " or not, there can be no two opinions as to its merits for electioneering furposes. In Let, ens would not be surpt ised to hear, as the time for the General Elect i ut draws nigh, th.,t the " problem " has bean enlarged so as to include iron, leather, a d oven s •ap. Of what use would the reply of the Free Traders be to such " tactics ? ' They might tell of the effect that an hicrease in the price of steel would have up,tn his rceltet. That, if it is put up, the very torah he earns his living by would cost rume. Aid as steel enters into the composition of c unt'ess other things even the fixtures in his cottage vv..111,1 be raised. The Warrington Oorpo'atian, and its cont-act for Ste I, would be lost in a mice of platform rhetoric, and. gradually, the mission if is mischilvous arm-challenge would be sccompiialied. If the Member for Warrington wishes, I shall be pleased to advance my argument.. Yates, EDMUND OSBORNE. 22. Bold-street. Warringt tn. 21st S.Ttember, 12l I.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
De

===== 0002601_19110923_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Rabbit Coursing.

Sir,—l should like to dm, the attention of your readers to a mast cruel " sport which was taking place as we entered Wart Mgt n from the North last Saturday afternoon. Tao d go were let loose after the rabbit, which had no possible chance of e cape, and was literally mauled to death by the dogs about 30 yards from the start. Do the onlookers and partakers call this English (Tort ? To us it seemed a mean and brutal way cf using any animal, not even giving it a chance of !imolai; f,r its life. Britain is called a civilized and humane country. but surely if

this savage torture of a li‘ing creature without chance of deft nee is practised by British people they must be even lower than savage& lf they cire for England and her welfare, surely they should not degrade her by this mean awl cruel murder of an animal.—Yours truly,

BEATA HOWARD CROOK,

===== 0002601_19110923_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. New and the Labour Candidates.

. Sir,—According to your issue of September 16th, an unwarrantable attack was made at Bridge Foot on Monday September 11th by Mr. Harry New oa " the men " wh, are fighting for the municipal repre4enta- tion of St. John's and OrfordWarda.Being one of them and contesting Orford Ward in the interest of Trade Unionism and Labour I ask the privilene of replyina. He informs his audience that "hot-headed actious and ' the vilifying of opponents did not pay." You are quite right Mr. :New ! Then why start it? Ile continued and said "I did not stand a dog's chanc of winning." Allow me to slightly alter another state- ment of his. The Trades and L.rb.rur Council were fighting to win in spite of the great interests that are arrayed against them and the fact that the working populatim of this town, of whatever political opinion, known that their interests are getting very little consideratim by the Town Council as now constituted, does not justify his rem irk. Then he goes on to say that if sane and moderate proposals had been brought f rward by the body for whom I stand, be believed a much more satisfactory position would have been arrived at. Seeing that up to the present the only proposals Mr. New can judge, have been voiced by me at my meeting, I'll leave it to the workers to judge their quality. Firs and fore- most. "The feeding of the necessitous school children.' "There are a number of children who through no fault of their own or of their parents, are, through lack of food, unable to take advantage td the education p-ovided." The above statement hems the signatures of Councillor J. Fulton Smith and the late Al lertum Luke Ellison, J.P., October :lfith„ 100 S. Estimated by the School Attendance Committee to be between 600 and 700, October 19th, 191)8. We ray these unfortunate children are still with us and demand that the Education (Provi-ion of Meals) Act 1906 be put into operation so that no child shall be forced to attend school hungry. 2. The Medical Officer of Health for Warn ngton states in his last report that there was a large quantity of milk being distribettd in the town that contained the germs of consumption. We say that the Csrporatinn, in the interests of the child life and general public of this town, should obtain cmmlete control IA the whole of their milk supply and guarantee its purity. 3. We consider it unjust that the p)orer paid- worker with his penny in the slot gas meter, should have to pay more per 1,000 feet, than the man who ran afford to pay half yearly. We consider the anneal increases to the highly paid officials should be curtailed, and attention bs given to the large number of Corporation employee., who are now existing on twenty-one shillings weekly. The foregoing may not be "sane or moderate" in Mr. New's opinion, but they are in the opinion of Tours trnle, GEO. F. ROBSON. 41,9, linutsford-road, Warriugton.

S:r.— At the Liberal meeting held at Bridge Foot on September 11th Mr. New is reprrted to have said "He Mr. New) dare say their friends who were earring on a campaign in the Oi ford and St. John's Ward would ray put not your faith in Tories or Liberals (electors of Oct ird and St. John's please note) The men who were fighting for the municipal representation tf St. John's and Orford Wards were amply selling the Liberal chances to the Tory ni ridnees. They had not a dog's chance of winning either of the seats. If sane and moderate proposals had been brought forward by the bodies for whom they were standing, he believed a much more satisfactoty position would have been arrived at and one of the candidates would have been returned t , the Council." As I am one of the men refereed to. I take it that I am charged wlth the unpardonable sin of selling the Liberal chalices to the Tories. and on that accomit I wiela to make one or two observations relative to my position. In the first place it is necessary to remind Mr. New that the Wartington Socialist Society are contesting St. John's Ward only, arid the Trades and Labour Council are responsible for the contest in Orford Ward, and that the two organisations are distinctly separate bodies, therefore Mr. New's hint may not be taken. If, on the other Land, both organisattons had put t' eir candidates in the Fame ward, Mr. New's suggestion of compromise might have been within the realms of pract In the second place I wou'd respectfully remind Mr. New that the W.S S. would have sunk indescribably low in my estimation bad they made the slightest move in anything bearing the least semblrnce ton compromise with the Liberal Party. Personally I would rather suffer defeat fifty times over than obtain a seat in the Council as the outcome of an understanding between either the Liberal or Tory Parties. I shall not complain even if the Liberal Party does make St. John's a three-cornered fight, they have a perfect tight to put in a man if they wish to' thereby demonstrating their sympathy with labour 's I

cause hy helping t defeat the workingman osulidate. Mr. Now bas an awfutlylbsd opinion of the Tories, thev must be dreadfu ly inefficient as Town Coun- cillors and therefore must be kept out at any cost. But are there no ineffi;;stat 11.iberals on the Council? Aud cart Mr. New, as an intelFgent man, con- scieLtious'y give his supp3rt to the retiring member f r O,fj,d ?

I sincirely bops I hays made itiy position quite door ant ne.id on'y aid ii comlusi tin that' be who tvou'd build high most dig deep." Even if only tea votes are recorded in my fermi!. I wit see to it tint tho e votes ore given for the principdis I espouse. I remain, y-u:s tiu'y, 80, Oldham.s.reet, Wartingtm

J.kNIES HA3IPSON.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
SWIMMING GALA

lateresli ng Local Champlow.hip

Races.

Keen local rivalry in the art of swimming provided some mit ng contests at the Warrington Swimming Club's twenty-eighth annual gala which was held in ths C nporatioa B.ths, Leigh-street, on Thursday , evening. A crowded and enthusiastic audience testified 'to the reinarkab!e interest now taken in this healthy and invaluable exercise, while a highly encouraging feature of the races was the excellent array of youthful talent which they brought together. Who knows but that Warrington may (as the Mayor ventured to express the hope), have the honour of claimirg come future Channel-conqueror as a product of the go d o!d town "! There were no open events but the programme did not suffer to any serious extent on that account, as the various cham,donships of the town were the object of strenuous struggles. The 150 yards race did not however, call forth as large an entry as might reasonably have been expected. It was good to see the zest is itli which the schoolboys entered into their special event. There was no suspicion of half- heartedness, every boy put in all he knew, and the winner well deserved his victory. The club had arranged an excellent attraction in the shape of a display of diving by Harry Crank, champion profes- sional acrobatic diver of the world. He is a fearle 68, skilful exponent of the rut, and delighted the audience with a set ies of original and difficult dives executed with wonderful neatness and confidence. The following are the details of the various events :- 50 Tat& Schoolbay Championship of Warrington and District (for Henry Thornton Perpetual Chtllenge Bowl).—Heat winners : First heat, 1, T. Ma: kin, fliathside ; 2, A. Herbert, Wycliffe ; BeCO ,c 1 heat : 1, J. Grant, St. Janie' ;2, C. Worrell, Wycliffe. The final provided a rare struggle, Malkin winning by inches, from Grant, whilst only a foot separated Grant and Werrall. The time —l5 aces—was not quite as good as that rec wded in the second heat.

Works Squadron Championship.—Only three tea...s put in an appearance to do ba,tle for the Sir Gillet Greenall challenge shield. The holders—Crostield's —were hopelessly beaten, the race being won in easy fashion by the Corporation team with Whitecross No 1 second and Crosfisld's third. Time, 2mins. 18secs. The winning team, which is to be congratulated upon a very smart achievement, consists of Messrs CAteritl, Ainsworth and Atkinson.

130 Yards Championship of Warrington and District.—There were only four competitors in this race for the Licensed Victuallers' Challenge Shield. Last year's ho!der Allen—could not defend his foro s iaonna as .6 e Thelef tchos. poel tdi t i oncountryas Loamp eporlottitnt hgs f raogmo a spectator's statidpint, as no one put up a strong light againt S. Roberts who led from the start and won by eight yards. S. lace gained the second position and five yards separated him from Ti. Beaman. R. Pepp,r was fourth. Time 2mins. 2.5 Yards Ladies Handicap.—The entries for this conteot numbered thirteen and a capitol race was witnessed Winners of beats :—let heat : 1, Miss Silk (11), 2, Miss N McCormack (3) ; 2nd heat : 1, Miss It Grant (9), 2, Miss A Roberts (4) ; 3rd heat 1, Miss N Oultrarn (1), 2, Miss E Shaw (4). In the final Miss Grant swam splendidly and won by a yard, Miss Oultram being aeconi and Miss It ,berta third.

50 Yards Me'rabers' Handicap.—This popular event attracted twenty-three entries and was divided into five heats. Winners of heats : J Graham (9), S Siddsll (7), W Downing (C), S Ince (2), H Hawthorne (7). W Cragg came in first in heat 2, but was di,- qualifiel f. r starting before time. In the final J Graham took full advantage of his start and display- ing good staying power, won by a yard from H. Hawthorne. The third place was gained by S. Siddall, four yards being the distance bctween second and third.

Comic Racs.—Tbe competit 're entered the bath bliodfol 1 and carrying opened umbrellas, the result being that it was almost an impossibility to pursue a straight course and they found themselves in ludicrous positions. Result : 1. D Ward ; 2, R Batman ; 3, W Sisson.

-. Polo Match (Warrington v. Widnes).—The programme was brought to a close with a friendly encounter between Warrington and Widnes, in which the home team hal matters practically all their own way. In the first minute Furnsval and Graham tested the Widnes custodian. Widnes attacked, and &lion scored the first goal. Graham opened the home account Rom shot t range, and followed this up with a second goal a tnintoe later. Pepper addFd a third before Vie interval. In the second half Warrington were almost c natantly on tte attack, Pepper scoring three gosh.. Result : Warrington 6, Widnea 1 .

===== 0002601_19110923_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYOR'S ADVICE.

During an inte real the Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph), who presided, gave a short address. He said he had a greet admiration for swimming which was quite different trout soy other forms of muscular exercise. Man Wale not naturally an aquatic baler...be was not built that way—but after witnessing the con- tests that evening he (the Mayor) felt that, after all, youths and girls were jest as well adapted for swimming as frogs were. Referring to the physical advise tg tea of swimming, his worship pointed out that not only were the muscles brought into play in a special way but their movement in the water must have a very great effect in developing them. On that account swimming ought to be greatly encouraged and he was glad to see it no well patronized by the younger generation in Warrington, as well as by the parents wh3 assembled in such large numbers at the gates. He could not help at a gather- ing of that character alluding to the achievement of Burgess, who had performed such a grand feat in crossing the Channel. (Loud at plans...) It was a matter for great congratulation that after the lapse of thirty-nix years since Captain Webb's tremendous feat and after many unsuccessful attempts it still fell to the lot of one of our countrymen to achieve that splendid distinction. (Applause). It was particularly fitting that the representative of • maritime nation and the greatest naval power in the world should have con- quered Father Neptune and crossed the Channel. (Applause He would not be much surprised if one I of the young swimmers who had taken pert in that evening's contest tezame a future Burgess. (Applause.) Baths, continued the Mayor, were very excellent institution bit they might be abused In the remarks be now wished to make he was

not alluding to the campetit inithat gala, as it could be t tken for granted that expert swimmers acre healthy and clam and It to mix with where. It might be, however, that some who entered a public bath like that were not exactly fit to di no. It was the bounden duty of every bather te:ensure that before making um of a public I ath he we fairly clean, so that he would not interfere with the comfort or endanger the health of thope who were participating in the same txercise. , Some people might think it was faddy to emphasise strh a point, but the more he considered some so called fads, he was forced to the conolusion that there was something in them. He was sure it was of great importance that lathers should be careful in the respect he had mentioned. Tao best say to ensure that was for people to be deal in their own homes. To use a parallel, jat as people who went to church every Sunday ought also to be particular about their ordinary lives during the week, ea people who were not clean in their homes had no right to come to the baths and mix with other people so as to endanger them. In some Continental places there was a kind of examination of swimmers and bathers and they had to mtske use of a shower bath before entering the large public bath. That wag a good plan but the best method was for the people generally to be clean in their own homes. There was plenty of water for everybody—rich and poor—and s tap was not very dear, so be thought they bad a right to expect cleanliness. (Applause.) lie hoped the time would come when the bathers In Warrington would have still better •ccommodttion. (Applause). 'The club's officials, who bad worked enthusiastically for the success of the gala, are :—Hon. sear. tau, Mr H Ferniest ; assimant bon secretary,alr T S Pemberton ; hon treasurer, Mr 3 Wilkinson ; judges, Alderman John Evans, Messrs Fulton-Smith,lA'Ch timers, W Furnival, H M Ashton ; starters, Messrs A CI Barlow, and el Critchley ; timekeeper, Mr Thomas Locker ; com- petitors' stewards, Mersrs R T Harding, F Garside. Scotism ; stewards, Messrs C Woods, Houghton, R Pepper, P Ingham. SCHOOL CHILDREN'S GALA.

All the available accommodation was occupied at the baths last ceasing, when the s:it Annual Swimming ! Gala in connection with the elementary school ! children was hsld. Alderman Tinnion presided. One breadth (boys under 14 who have learned to swim this year under Prof. Barlow), Final: 1, W. O'Neil, St. Mary's, 2, S. Ravenscroft, Parochial, 3, R. Elorrobin, Heathside, 4, J. Whittaker, Parochial. One length. (boys under 12) Final : I, J. Grant, St. James', 2, N. Siddall, Reamont. Ooe length, (boys tetween 12 and 13) Final : 1, J. Caldwell, Heathside, 2, H. Ashton, Ileathside. One breadth, (girls who have learned to swim this year under Miss Barlow), Final : 1, A. Grounds Arpley St., 2,5. Silk, Arpley St., 3, N. Payne, Ileatliside. Sedadron Rece for the Reid Walker Challenge Shield (bays under 13). Ten schools competed and in the pre- liminary rounds Ileathside and Wycliffe were suc- cessful. In the final Wycliffe just secured e victory. Neat dive, (boys under 12) I, R. Miller, Wycliff it, 2, T. Parsons, Parochial. One length, (boys between 13 and 14), I, T. Malkin, 2,J. Gibson. Neat dive, (boys between 12 and 14), 1, R. Healey, Heatbside, 2 J. 0.11 colon, St. Mary's, 3, .1. 11Jrton, Wycliffe, 4, A. Gilligan, St. Mary's. Length. breast strokes, (boys under 11), 1, J. T. Sloan Hamilton St., 2, J. Barton, Beamont. 50 yards, (boys under 14), 1, J. Grant. St.. James'. One breadth, (girls under 14), 1, W. Perdue, kleathside 2, L. Taylor, Wycliffe 3, E. Longmore, Arpley St. One length, (girls);l, H. Oultram, Arpley St. One length, (boys alio have learned to swim this year 1, I. Whalley, Parochial. Plunging, (bon under 11l I, A. Hibbert, Parochial, 2, H. Bibby, Hamilton St., 3. R. Miller, Wycliffe.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
REGIMENTAL COLOURS FOR THE PARISH CHURCH.

Forthcoming Military Ceremonial.

Impressive military ceremonial will take place at Warrington on Friday, October oth, when the old colours of the 2c.d Battalion Prince of Wales Volunteers &lath Lancashire Regiment, will be presented to the Rector of Warrington at the Parish Church. The battalion, which is at present stationed in Ire!and, was presented with new colours by His Majesty the King, on the occasion of his recent visit to that country, and it is fitting that the old colours should be deposited in the ancient church of this town with which the South Lancashire Regiment has such close associations. The presentation of the colours will be marked by a special prude in which the kcal Tem itorials will may a prominent part. In a special order to the battalion, it is stated : The Commanding Officer hopes that on this most impressive occasion all ranks will make a special effort to attend. The battalion has been invited to supply torch bearers as escort on each side of the colours. The rarty will parade in service.dresalhaki. The remainder of the battalion will parade in scarlet. N.C.O.'s and men desirou, of acting as torch bearers must enter their names on the rolls provided in the Drill Hall. A procession will be formed as follows

Band of 4th Battalion P.W. Volunteers, South Lancashire Regiment. Lieut -Colonel J. I). Fairclough, T.D., and half battalion 4'h P.W.V. South Lancashire Regt. Half number 3 Company Army Service Corps, W.L.T.D. Band of Bth and 4,/th Regimental Dept. Mayor of Warrington and civic officials. Guard of honour from the depot, South Lancashire Reg.ment. The old colours of the 2nd Battalion, escorted by torch bearers of the 4th Battalion P.W.V.Sauth Lancashire Regiment. Half-c .mpany Army Service Corps. Half-battalion 4th SA:all Lancashire Regiment. The Territotials will parade at the Drill Hall at 043 pm.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

Warrington Bowling Club v. Oddfellows.

Oa Thursday afternoon a team GI the Manchester Unity of Oddfellows, captained by Counci!kr T.S. Steal, raid a visit to the Arpley Bowling Green where they met a team of_the Warrington Club, csptained by Alderman ForshA'. This is the third year that this Snare has taken place. Quite an enjoyable time Was spent in the games of singles and doubles end the match terminated in a victory for the homestem by II points—Warrington Is 9, Oddfellows 174. After the games the Oddrellows were entertained to tel in the Pavilion by the Arpley bowlers, when the toast of the visitors was proposed by the Prisident f the char, Mr. W. Silcock.—Conncillor Steel replied on behrlf of the Oddtellbwa, and proposed the toast of the Warrington team, which was responded to by Alderman Forshaw.—After tea a social evening was indulged In, songs and recitals bele; contributed by members of the company. Songs were rendered by Councillor Jenkins, Messrs, T. Reddish, George Holbrook and Fillingham. Mr. Alfred Silcock recited and Mr. W. Meson gave an original skit on the buildingof Warrington Bridge.

"There is auvh,, a thug as Motion: fever—the anxiety of knowing whether one is going to in or lose," said a medical wit3B4lC jon compensation case at the Meal Bridge County Cot.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
OLYMPIC RAMMED BY CRUISER.

WARRINGTON PASSENGER ON

BOARD.

Exciting Experience.

An alarming collision, but without any injury or loss of life, took place on Wednes- day afternoon off Cowes between the White Star liner Olympic and the first-class pro- tected cruiser Hawke. The Olympic—which is the largest vessel afloat—was on her outward voyage to New York containing a record number of first-class passengers and over 20 "millionaires."

The collision took place just after the Olympic had turned on her eastward course on leaving Southampton Water. The Hawke overtook her at a greater speed, and it is suggested by those who saw the collision from the shore that it was caused by the cruiser altering her course when close along- side the liner. EJ Collision mats were got out, and the Olympic remained at anchor in Cowes-roads. The Hawke put into Portsmouth under her own steam. Some of the passengers landed lon Wednesday night at Southampton.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
A 20-FEET HOLE.

When the accident happened there was a terrific crash, the sound of which was heard on the shore almost like a clap of thunder. It was all too evident what had happened. The Hawke's bow had crashed into the Olympic's starboard quarter, making a huge hole some 20ft. across, and extending some distance below the water line.

For some time the greatest excitement prevailed on board the liner; but the passengers kept wonderfully cool. The warship was almost worse damaged, her stem being smashed and twisted for about 20ft. both above and below the water- line.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON PASSENGER.

Mr. H. M. Ashton, chemist, of 63, Sankey- street, Warrington, was one of the many passengers on the giant steamer, and sends an interesting, if hurriedly penned, account of the disaster, which we print below. Mr. Ashton, in company with a brother and a friend, was proceeding as far as Cherbourg in the Olympic„at the outset for a holiday in France, and was greatly looking forward to the short voyage on the famous liner. Mr. Ashton writes :

On Board R.M.S. Olympic. Wednesday, 2.5 p.m. _

-„ . . . We boarded this fine vessel at 10 o'clock this morning. One could not view it from the landing-stage without exclaim- ing at its marvellous proportions, and once on board our wonder increased.

It seems almost incredible that such a structure could possibly float safely on the sea; huge smoking-rooms, palatial dining- rooms upholstered in magnificent style, a racque, court, swimming bath, skating rink, and all the thousand and one attractions and conveniences of a huge modern hotel. The time soon passed in our tour of inspec- tion and at 12.30 we were sitting down to a comfortable luncheon. About one o'clock we were passing pretty close to a second-class cruiser when suddenly we felt a slight shock, and a mild surprise was manifested by the diners, but there was absolutely no excite- ment. Waiters hurried to and fro and people continued their mastication. But it was soon ascertained that the cruiser in turning, as we were passing, had rammed our stern and crashed into a second-class cabin whose owner had only a moment before vacated it to take his place at lunch. Then the vessel came to a standstill, and I was able, with my brother and a friend, to view for myself the damage done. By climbing up to a porthole above the damaged portion we discovered a huge rent about 16 feet long and only ending about a foot above the water-line. No danger certainly! but the pumps were going hard and all our water-tight compartments have been closed in the quarters. We are now on the way back to Southampton, and shall probably get a night boat to Cherbourg but I am sorry for the hundreds of Americans on their way home, some of whom have waited weeks for a berth and will now be delayed still further. The cruiser is lying in sulky silence at some distance with its nose all buckled and bent. I don't suppose that £50,000 will cover the damage done considering the delay. transference of goods and loss of passage money that will ensue.

Yoii will have heard the news, no doubt, before you get this note. It is my first experience of a collision at sea, and it's not one of the pleasantest. I wish I could send you a photograph of the rent, but aq I write I see a small motor-boat rushing alongside with two camera-fiends in it. The marconigraph has been busy ever since the accident."

===== 0002601_19110923_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Union id Carpenters and Jolson.

Oii Thursdiy evening a sapper was held in connec- tion with the Warrington Branch of the above society at the Central Hotel. The c:iief item of the evening was a presentation of £5O to one cf its members, by Bro. Worthing, in from Wigan B C , from the accident fond. A very excellent programme was g-pe through both instrumentally and vocally, the artistes being Mr. F. Campbell, pianist, Mr. I. Taylor, euphonium ' solo, Hr. W. Winstonley, comet ; songs were rendered by Moore. Roberts, Gray. F• .11. n. Hughes and Newns. Several toasts and speeches were gives. Mr. F. Loire took the chair for the evening.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
GLOBE

Furnishing Co.

R T 1 PEMBROKE L. PLAOE, tverpo3l

===== 0002601_19110923_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON, WEDNESDAY. FRESH EGGS, 7 and 8. SMALL St)LE3, IS FRESH BUTTER,Is Id tO Is 51 DORKING CAPON., 33 94 CHEESE, 8d and 94. eaob. RABBITS, Is Is. Id. DeCKLINGS 101 l elct... FOWLS (couple) 43 6d to LEMON ROLES, Is. 5s 8d llscpsur, 1.04 to Is. Ducits(couple)s3 6d to 6s6d Coo, 61. POTATOES, 5s to a load HAKE, 61. BEEF, 61 to 101 per lb PLAICE Sd MUTTON 64 to 10d per lb. LOBSTERS IS SI PORK 64 to 91 per lb EYENIOUTH HADDOCI: 61 VEAL, 7d to 104 IIntLI., IS ENGLISH LAMS, 84 to lid Voes:o GROUSE 4s 61 LARGE SOLES, IS 104 OLD GROUSE 3s. YOUNG PARTRIDGE 3i Ed OLD PARTRIDGE Is WrisAT.-1.1 101 to 4s 101 d per 701bs. OATS.-23 9ld to 2s 101 d per 451bs. OAT STRAW.—£2 Si to .£2 103 per LOD. WHEAT STRAW.—E 2 to £2 6s. CLOVER RAY.--E 4 55 to £4 103. per ton. 34 X Fun:R.-231 per 210 lbs. BRAN—Is Id per bibs.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BRIDGE.

THE PILE DRIVING CEREMONY.

The engineer of the new Warrington Bridge has arranged for the driving of two piles on Thursday, October sth, at 3.15 p.m. The Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph) and Alderman Smethurst (chairman of thc- Bridges Committee) will perform the ceremony. The piles will be driven on the Cheshire side of the river. A luncheon will be held in the Parr Hall at 1.30. The price of tickets is ss. each. exclusive of wines.

===== 0002601_19110923_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
WATCHMAN FOUND DROWNED

Mysterious Fatal:ty

An inquiry was held at the Police Static° cm Tuesday evening by Coroner Brighouse, totching the death or Thomas Casey aged 49. of ZO, Powys-street, • night watchman at Messrs. Crosfleld and Sone works whose body was recovered from the Mersey at Beak Quay on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Steel appeared for the relatives.

—.l.;:flen-..iltufge, a single woman residing at 7.9. George- street, off Yorkshire-street, Rochdale, gave evidence of identification and said that the deceased was an army pensioner. She last now him alive about four years ago. Sarah Crannighatn, a widow, 30, Powys-street, Warrington, said the deceased lodged with her. She last saw him alive about 430 on 'Thursday 14th inst. %hen he left the house to go to work. He was not very well and had been complaining since the previous Tuesday, although he wsei nit ill enough to stay away from his work. Deceased was subject to sone. Richard Hamblett, a labourer at Messrs..Crostield and Sons, and residing at 39, SelbT-street, sail that about three o'clock on the morning of Freity the 15th inst., while following hit employment,he saw, thy deceased in a ferry boat sculling round the boats that were moored is tho river. He understood that it was the deceased's duty to see that the boats were all right. The fact of his being in the boat was not an unusual thing. He had previously seen him in a boat. In reply to Mr. Steel, witness stated that there were two boats close to where he saw the decented. One was tied up for repairs, and the other was waiting for • cargo. As far es he (witness) knew the deceased had to see that the boas were tied properly. Joseph Hatton, captain of the Warringion Grappling Corp.', spoke to grappling for the body at 1: 4 on Saturday, and recovering it at 330 be same afternoon. Mr. Masse, • manager at Mews. Crosfleld and S.,n-, raid the deceased was employed as a night watchman ,at the wharf, end it was Ms duty to moor the boats is they came in or to undo the rope as they went ont. It was no part of his duty to go in this boat, and he (Mr. Moue) was quite surprised the following morales to hem that he had been seen in this boat.

Mr. Steel : Is tot there a jetty at the other aids of the river where boats are KIS moored Mr. Moire There is another man employed for that purpose. It was a .ell-Snown fact that deco tsed was a good swimmer. The jury returned a verdict of "Found drowned." there being no evidence to show h.tsv the deceased g,t into the water. . . . .

Captain Crotrield, on behalf of the tire, expressed del) rtgre at the occurrence.

DEATH.

G trfl•,—On Septeinb;;-1-7-th— at the Bath Rotel, Werrington. Jane, widow of the itt9 Henry G,tt in*. Aged 7,1 yeerx, Interred at the Warricaton Cemetarr, Soptemtet

MEMORIANI.

In lovinz memory of ANNIECATII• RINE UrGowssoN who died September 2.5 th, 1597, &god I. _ .

In loving remembrance of oer dent daughter LETT(' 7. WA RBI RTOV, who (bed September 22n4. 1969. " Too dearly loved to be forgotten." rather. fother and Nlty.

Waßancrrox.—Prioted tad Published by JOIIS WII.K ea It Co. (Warrington', 1.141., at Pre Cienerar Ptiatiag Wort, Rovrerry-strarst, and publi shed by them at the same Owe, and also at 2, Tia rExaminer OfSeek_Victeria-tead, Wttetas. Geo st mge•reet. 131% HELIOS. 9, Market-.tract, 449 Ly.,--rowy Church-street, Ruscoas. SEPTESIBEit 23 1911.

===== 0002601_19110923_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W. P. HARTLEY'S Seville Orange MARMALADE is absolutely pure.

PALACE AND , HIPPODROME. 7 O.—TWICE NIGHTLY-9.0. MONDAY NEXT. SEPTEMBER 25TH. 1911. WALTER GRAHAME, TEE HUMAN MARIONETTE. JOHN E. TRAVER'S AND CO. IN THE DEVIL'S ELBOW. A BA BE'S Picture Post Card Album. SMARTE BROS., the Popular Eccentric Acrobats. TAREE, the Marvellous Australian Musleal Bushman. BURNETTI, the Original Quiok Change Character Musician. PALACE PERFECTION PICTURES. THE , MAPLES. REFINED COMEDY ARTISTES. Gallery, 2d.; Pit, 4d'.; Circle, 94.; Sleilvii,7..v: lIAIRCOMBINDS I made up 2/- leo& COVERLETTE . 1 TAILS OF :semi HAIR FRAMES, PURE FRou 9[B ism. HAIR. T. B. BROWN, 3, LEECH ST. (CAR S ATION), LIVERPOOL. MR. -WILLIAM COO .R.C.O. - 'Organist Lymm Parish Church, resumes lemons on Sept. 12th in PIANOFORTE, An. at pupil's residence, at 121 Church at, Runcorn, and at Brookfield Villas, Lymm. pupils successfully prepered for tona fide examinations TEN'rS, SALE or HIRE, Cart Sheets, Morse- cloths, Cart Ropes, Twines, roofing felt Ac. Repairs and Re-dressing.—ALEX McCONNELL. 96, BUTTERMARIOET.STREET (Opposite old U-Idewell), WARRINGTON. HE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is I 1 prepared to receive loans, either at six months notice or for a term of years.—Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, MORlOipal MOO, Warrington.

PROIESTANT CHURCHMEN are heartily invited X to the Services held every Sunday at 10.30 am, and 6.30 p.m. at Emmanuel (Reformed)Church, Bold st, W arrington. All sesta free. Prayer Books provided REV. WILLIAM T. JAYE (Iftrete-la-charge). -- • BAPT IST CHURCH, LATCH F OECD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMB'ER 2.lTh PREACHER : RSV: J. R. BESILEY. Morning 10 90. &wombat CO. OFFERTORIES. . WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH BEWSEY STREET, WARRINOTON. TOMORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER !Urn, 1911. 01111111/ 10.30. Evening 6 30. PREACHER: REV. MARK SISION (Liverpool). P.S.A. FOR MEN AT 3 PM. BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 24n1 Morning 10.45. Evening 6 30. REV. 3. T. SCHOFIELD (Former Pastor). BIBLE CLASS, 3 O'CLOCK. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. HARVEST FESTIVAL OCTOBER IST. B—EWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). SEPTEMBER 24T1t, 1911. Homing 10.30. REV. W. A. BECKETT. Evening 6.30. REV. E. MORGAN. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided. QT. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO.MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 24TH. 1911 PREACHER: MR. J. BALL. 10.45 1.5. 630 PM. HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES. SUNDAY OCTOBER Inc. PREACHER: REV. WILLIAM REID. BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, 1./0 WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 24TH. HARVEST THANKSGING SERVICES. MORNING 10.30: REV. E. MORGAN EVENING 6.20: REV. H. MIDDLEWOOD. SPECIAL MUSIC. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. OPENING SERVICES ADGATE NEW WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. ON THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 28TH, 1911. THE CEREMONY OF UNLOCKING THE DOORS WILL TAKE PLACE AT 4 P.M. BY MRS. ARTHUR BENNETT, (Key presented by Dr. Bennett.) MRS. F. WRIGHT (Key presented by Wm. Bennett, Esq.) SERMON BY THE REV. J. GRANGE BENNETT. PUBLIC MEETING AT 7 P.M • PRESIDED OVER BY CHARLES E. PARKER, Er-0., J.P. SPEAKERS : The Revs. J. Grange Bennett, Thos. Gladdiort, W. A. Beckett, E. Morgan, Messrs. Jas. Gandy, F. Wright and Alderman Bennett. MUSICAL ITEMS INTERSPERSED. Tea provided at 5.30, 9d. each. ON SUNDAY, OCTOBER IST, Morning 10 30. ETERing, 6.30. PREACHER: REV. H. G. ROBERTS, M.A. AFTERNOON SERVICE FOR YOUNG PEOPLE. ADDRESS BY REV. W. NICHOLSON. OF SUNDAY, OCTOBER BTO, PREACHER: Morning 10.30, REV. W. A. BECKETT. Evening 6.0, REV. E. MORGAN. Special 0113110. Collections in aid of new Sunday school. ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. ,Psorctroron : Mr. JOSEPH BEECHAM. GENERAL ILNAGER : Mn. A. H. LOADER. AcTuro MANAGER: MR. H. WARBURTON. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25111, 1911, Welcome Return Visit of /11r. and MIS. J. Rice Cassidy and their Company. in Two Groat Plays. MONDAY, ICEBOAT, SATURDAY. THE BEGGAR PRINCESS." WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY, "THE PINCH OF ANOTHER MAN'S SHOES." Times and Prioee an usual. MONDAY, OCT. 2nd, the world-famed Roman play " CLAUDIAN." Plan of seals now open. William sfeciaren as "Claudine." Lily C. Bandmann as " Supported by Company of 50 Artistes and Principal Dancer. WARR IN GT 0 N SOCIALIST SOCIEry. A MEETING WILL BE HELD AT BRIDGE FOOT, NEAR THE OLD SAW MILL. ON SUNDAY NEXT AT 6.45. NATIONAL SERVICE LEA GUE WARRINGTON DIVISION. ANNEAL MEETING, PARR HALL, OCTOBER arn, 8 r H. LORD DERBY WILL PRESIDE. pARLIAMENTARY DEBATING SOCIETY. OPENING OF AUTUMN SESSION, IN THE PARLOUR, CAIRO STREET, ON TUESDAY EVENING NEXT AT 7.45 PROMPT, WILL NEW MEMBERS PLEASE ATTEND AT 7.30. C ARTING AGENTS AND CONTRACTORS. At a nreeet in g of the Carting Agents and Contractors it was unanimously agreed owing to increased cost of Horsekeep, Wages, Ac., that on and after 2ad October, 1911, the charge for Horse Hire will be 9s. par day, 6 days to the week. F. H. WILSON, Secretary. ARRIN GT tAgOCIAWgZ.N'S LIBERAL DON'T FORGET THE QRAND FANCY CALICO BALL. PARR lIALL, OCTOBER 11TH. PRIZES FOR BEST AND MOST ORIGINAL COSICNIES. TICKETS Is. 613. EACH. MRS. E. C. OSBORNE, - '22, Bold St., Warrington. Hon. Sec. POST OFFICE TELEGRAPHS. Pursuant to the Provisions of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1908 t NuncE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that Ilia Majesty's Postmaster-General, having chtained the con- gest in that behalf of the body having the control of thelPublic Road between Kingsley Post Office. Newton Lodge and Crofton Lodge, intends to place a Telegraph over and along the said Public Road and for that pur- pose to erect and maintain posts in and upon the said Public Road under the powers conferred on him by the Telegraph Acts above-meat loved. Genersl Pont Office ALEXANDER F. KING, 22nd September, 1911. Secretary. IV OR THERN CIRCUIT. .1-`1 LANCASTER WINTER ASSIZES, Hill. The Commissions for bolting therm Assizes will he opeoed at LANCASTER, on THURSDAY, the 26th October, The Prosecutors, Witnesses, and Jurors are required lobe in attendsnce on Friday, the 27th October, at the sitting of the Court at 11 o'clock. LIVERPOOL WINTER ASSIZES. 1911. The Commissions for holding these ASFi7.6B will be opened at LIVERPOOL, on TUESDAY, the 3lst October. The Regulations for conducting the Criminal 13osioess will be published in doe time. MANCHESTER WINTER ASSIZES, 1911. The Commissions for bolding these Assizes will be opened at 51ANCHESTER on WEDNESDAY, the 15th November. The Regulations for conducting the Criminal Business will be published in due time. Bail Cases will be taken at the above Assizes. All Depositions in cases for trial, together with Recognisences and Inquisitions, must be forwarded immediately to me at Prestos, otherwise the cost of them may be disallowed. HERBERT STEPHEN, Clerk of Assize. Office of Cletk of Assize, Preston, 15th Sept ,1911.

111, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, MISS RIeHARDSON ° begs to announce that she is now showing at the above premises. A SMART STOeK of eeaTs, eOSTUMES, FURS, BLOUSES, SKIRTS, &c., at reasonable prices.

GEDDES'S DANTIELLON .COFFEE. THE REST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY "ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS ID., 10r.., AND Is. SD. EACH. WHOLZSALII BY J. GfialiES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON

FOR ALL THAI IS NEW IN ART NEEDLEWORK 00 TO JONES AND BARBDIt, LAniFS' AND CHTLDERNIS OUTFITTERS, AGENTS FOR" CHILPIEDFI " UNDERWEAR. Si, &MUSS ST., WARRINGTON.

r- WENtMe. 1R1Z1E.7.40131Er 50 & 52, SnisIKEY STREET, WXRRINGTON. ia \ow,hoisic7 a Choke Selection f INFANT'S CLOAKS, COATS and CAPES, MILLINERY, BABY LINEN, etc. Cots and Baskets Trimmed to Order. II EIRY WAINWRIGHT, STEPHEN MOSS & OONS LIMITED 7, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL. SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, Luse up-to-date Stock of JEWELLERY, SILVER ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, and ELECTRO-PLATE suitable for WEDDING STEAM, GAS,A OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FINE PRESENTS. AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS ENGAGEMENT RINGS A SPECIALITY. HOOrliD. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, /cc. REGISTERED 22cT. GOLD WEDDING RINGS ESTABLISHED 1798. WORKA: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON

MISS NELLIE ANDERTON, Teacher of Singing, visits Warrington, ',weeely and bas vacancies for a few popils.—For terms apply 32, OAK RD., Withington, Manchester. MISS GITTIN S. on behalf of the Family, vri,hea to THANK ALL FRIENDS for the kind ezpreseions of sympathy and Floral Tributes received daring their recent sad bereavement. 1121C-NEEWCP°IIOBI/CTPOTi',9 legT2 (Italian method), Pianoforte, Theory, Harmony, Thorough Bass, Counterpoint, Composition, Candidates prepared for Exams of Associated Board, Royal Coll , and Royal Acad. and Trio. Coll., London. Pulpils have always taken &at place at Exams. in Senior Singing, sad have obtained highest exhibitions T.C.L. for Great Britain and Colonies.-21, Whitefield rd., Stockton Heath, Warrington. S. SAMYICK, HIGH-CLASS LAUNDRY, 181 WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY, WARRINGTON. FREE. FREE. FREE. TO ALL USERS OF A GENUINE EDISON PHONOGRAPH A Is! oat Useful Article will be sent post free on receipt or a id. postcard, giving type of Machine—Gem, Standard, or Home—and Special Number of Machine, to J AKE BAHAM, 784414; RENSRAW ST., LIVERPOOL. B. CUNNINGHAM, 20, FROGHALL LANE, WARRINGTON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Base's Pale Ale, Base's No.l Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. Alleopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IN BOTTLIL ALSO kf M4UPACTURERS OP HI 3H-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. Telephone 79.

New Autumn Furnishing Goods in every dept. LARGE STOCK, LOWEST PRICES, CASH or EASY TERMS. FURNISHING od STORES. PIO NEER B Liverpool. Important purchase of SPECIAL VENETIAN AND KENSINGTON ART CARPETS VALUE At 331-a per cent below value. SPECIAL CLEARING LOTS OF IRISH LINEN. DOWN Sheets, Table and Fancy Linens, Towels etc. Offered at 4-to 6 9 QLAIINLDTS in the £ under value. BLANKETS LARGE ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE FREE.

?I SINIMENIMONIIII t. . i Tidy Paul ,41. says : W7A7 0u r 111014104111M1111.1. ICustomers Remain with us. IThere is some strong reason for this. They would not deal with us month after month, and year after year, unless we served Ithem well and satisfactorily. We do satisfy them. They tell us so. The fact is that for price, quality, promptness rae unsurpassed. IWon't you give us an early lopportunity of proving this to you ? rm. OWEN & SON, FAMILY I GROCERS, I I 15 SANKEY St, I Warrington.

R. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. ACTS LIKE A CHARM IN DIARRHCEA, COLIC, AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE STAND-BY IN ALL , HOT CLIMATES. SEE that you have a BOTTLE in the house, it may be needed when SHOPS are closed. ASK FOR AND SEE THAT YOU GET DR. J. COWS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, 2FIE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE Of all Chemists, Is. lid., 2e. ed. and 4s. 6d. REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. PRICES 212,2/4, 2/8 and 2/8 per lb. THE NATIONAL TEA CO., 16, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques given with the Tea may be exchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent. READ ESTABLISHMENT:

WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respectable Householders, on their own security, with- out delay, on our simple written promise to pay back FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. JOHN E. GOODWIN. MANAGER. LX TO £5,000 LENT DAILY ./ ON THESE TERMS for agreed Period £5 loan, Repay £5 103. I £25 loan, Repay £27 10s. £lO „ „ Ell I £3O „ „ £33 £l5 £l6 103. I £5O „ „ £55 £22 I £lOO „ „ £llO No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special attention applicants from this district. CHARLES PAIKIN, 219,BRUNSWICKST„OXFORDRD.,MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON ST.. (over Bradley's Clothing Shop) NORTHwicit. HERE'S A CHANCE FOR YOU. NO MATTER WHO OR WHAT YOU ARE as long as I consider you satisfactory I WILL TRUST YOU WITH A LOAN FROM £5 to £5OO. No matter what other lenders charge or advertise, get my terms and you will find them still lower. Learn my modern way of lending money without publicity. Easy weekly or monthly payments to suit your convenience Apply at once to the Actual Lender MARK RUBIN, 3, ARPLEY STREET, (off Sankey Street) Warrington. MISS WOOOWAID, manageress. OSTRICH FEATHERS, FROM IS, lID. m6opoo OSTRICH FEATHERS, any colour. Tips, V Is. lid. ; Names 18 inches, In. 11d. ; Lancers from 12.5. 9d. to £5 In. ; Boas from 8A 11d. Post free. Money returned if not satisfied. SOUTH AFRICAN PRODUCE CO., LTD. 133, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W. LANGLANDS' RAILINGS to GREENOCK and GLASGOW. " PRINCESS LOUISE " or other STEAMER From LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW. (Clarence dock). (Berths Nos. 22-28 North side) Tues. Sept. 26, 12 Won Sat. Sept. 23,3 p.m. 9.30 p.m. Sat. Sept 30,2.30 p.m. Thurs. Sept. 28,3 p.m. 8.30 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central) SPECIAL REDUCED THROUGH TICKETS from Warrington, er.c. Single. Ist class & saloon 134.10 d. ; 3rd class & saloon 12s 6d.; 3rd class A steerage 7s. Return (valid for two months) 3rd class & +Moon 19s. SPECIAL 10 DAYS' EXCURSION TICKETS: Srd class & saloon 16s. 6d. : 3rd class & steerage 93. 6d. M. LAN GLANDS & SONS, 14, CROSS STREET. MANCHESTER. BROWN'S BUILDINGS, EXCHANGE, LIVERPOOL

Educaton. HO3IK SCHOOL (01.1 s recommended; thorough education, moderate terms ; conatry.—Mias SUTCLIFPIt, Farnworth, near Warrington. THE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS WARRINGTON.— Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Boys.—Priocipal, MISS DRING, A.C.P. Staff includes MA, and L.R.A.M. Next term commences Wednesday, September 20th. STOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON HEATH. WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from car terminus,) Day a- d Boarding School for Girir' Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, extensive grounds ar.d play leg fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and klistressee. Great SuccesSeS in examination. The Next Term will commence on THURSDAY, Sept. 21st. Prospectus, references, and views OD applications, to MISS PARTINGTON, WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH YOUR BOYS AND GIRLS ? DO you a ish them to take up a Commercial C DO you alai them to enter the Civil Service? DO you wish them to enter one of the Profesions THEN CALL and consult E. SMART & C 0.,), Buttermarket-street, Warrington, tbe oldest and moat successful Business Training and Civil Service College in England. Fees from £2 2s. per quarter. I Ladies and Gentlemen are given • first class Business Education, equipped with everything necessary to ensure a successful Commercial Career ; and guaranteed a good position when ethcleot. Fees from El Is. per quarter. Tuition is given in all subjects forall branches of the Civil Service, Professionnl Preliminaries, Banks . Railways, etc. Under our methods of tuition, BOOM= II certain,. Open from 10 to 9. Call Any Day, Any Hour. E. SMART & CO., BC TTER 91A MEET STREET, WARRINGTON

Horses, Ca.rriages, Live Stook 'I HARP COB, with Cut sad Harness; lot £6 ; nest Larry; will lend.-45, TRAVIS ST., London rd., Manchester. ON SALE, grand Litter Curly RETRIEVERS, by Wolsaley Bold Boy, 8 weeks.—A. AYRIDING, 21, Church seance, Preston. SMALL FLOAT, Equal to new, steel tyres, ball covered.-8, CLEVIBLAND RD., Bieber Cramped!. ALLI CAB, perfect condition, steel tyres, 13 0 .11.1 b 14 bands.-8, CLEVELAND CD , Higher Crampsall STRONG, reliable S b. p. Darracq ; seat 4; tyre nearly new; trial; £6s.—Lass, Broadoak Haat Aehton-under-14n5.

Shona, Businesses, etc. TIME-MADE BREAD, Confectioner", aid Mixed; 1-a all particalars.-13, CHAPEL ST.. Levensbalme. ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO CIL SELL are advised to 00111 Ult Mr. COWDELL, Leib at., Warrington.

- Machipery BOILERS SO,and.DIACHINERY. good second-hand JOHN STRINGER AND SOS (Dept. 41) Blackburn NON-CONDUCTING COMPOSITION MANUFACTURERS for the Prevention of Radiation of Heat from Steam Boilers, Piping, Hot Water Circulating Boilers and Pipes, and all Heated Surfaces. We qnote for Covering the above with Maguesia,SilicsteCottoo,Hair Felt,and onrComposition Composition, Supplied is Casks Ready for Application EMERY AND EVANS, Catherine st., Stranieways. Manchetter. PATENTS. 4, BT. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER, GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. Esvaimisuso IS 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. awl 60 COL ONIAL FOREIGN PATENT Lfio"'

4IAIRDRESSING. TOBACCO, Ac., doing good IX trade ; well fitted ; beet offer accepted.-65, Mum:4m LAWS, Gorton, Manchester. 101ROFITABLE CONFECTIONERY end MIXED BUSINESS for sale, clasp; books showia— Apple, 13, HIGHER LAWS, Ybitefleid. XX REENOROCERY, FISH and RABBITS; good counter and order trade; keeps foe,: so hawk- jug; main road; low rest; a bergaia.-57, ENGRAIN ST., Ilulme, Manchester. 131 PLR E 'YEA COMPANY, 161 a, BotroN ST., Bury 12s Established in Bury 23 yesrs, BUSINESS for Sale; ill-health and old age cause. Large premises, attic, 2 bedrooms, 3 stockroom', 2 cellars, shop,kitchen, scullery, covered yard. Suit wholesale. Rent EN.

In- N 111 • • TEETH EXORS 07 TEETH J. N. PARKINSON TEETH MANCHESTER ATTEND A k; TEETH • .„„„ Inez lonr (14.11---A- TEETH TEETH EVERY WE 9 ECwYABPRI,,:4S.,T,T,A,,,RiEiEt.T.,

TEETH NORTHWICH, WINSFC:RD sad TEETH saIDDLEWICH (See Local Papers).

.......... , BROKEN JEWELLERY in the home is only a nuisance, it is neither an ornament nor an article of utility. I Whilst it is in that condition it may be only . equal to scrap metal, but a few pence expended upon it will make it once again valuable and beautiful. I Being practical working jewellers, we execule • - - repairs of all kinds at lowest possible prices. MILLER & eo, 1 10, SANKEY St., Warrington. , .....m.. ..

BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LENT FROM £lO TO £l,OOO. A Gentleman having a considerable amount of apace Capital is prepared to make Immediate Advances to Ladies, Clergymen, Gentlemen Farmem, Shopkeepers, and any Respectable Householders at a moderate rate of interest on Note of Hand alone. Business can be completed entirely by post if desired. GENUINE TRADE BILLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGHT- FORWARD DEALING AND STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, stating full partioulam and requirements to J. GRlFFlN,Minories ChamberaMinories,Thirmingham. K.B.—Don't pay Fees or Travelling Expenses, and don't give a Bill of Sale before applying to me.

£3 To li,oon. THIS IS THE ONLY OFFICE WHERE PRITATE LOANS ARE GRANTED to all persons worthy of oredit without publicity or Money•Lenders' routine. If you require a PRIVATE LOAN, and honourably inteod to repay, then waste no time on tempting • adverts. It is admitted by hundreds of clients that our business is conducted in a straightforward manner. Repayments can be arranged as follows, or as mutually agreed upec. f 5 loan 1/6 weekly I LSO loan 10/- weekly £lO „ 3/- weekly I £lOO „ 181. weekly .£25 „ 6/- weekly I £2OO „ 357- weekly Interest from 2a. in the £. No connection with any other atm M. SEFTON, LTD., MISS COTTERILL, MANAGERESS, 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON.

IT WAS LIKE MAGIC' , t .__<_-_---- 1 -19 ~;, r *M ..,-;4;, '-"- A f 2 e. ..tai.A _.r__ 1,„ dangerous, his head down, ... ,• and coming with a rush 4_,1 at them but with a A , ..._ , '-":1, \ • '''.. : sudden “ Swish" the Um- / ...‘ ' Lit;?, "-* brella was opened d f*,,e,e ' '-r-:±—''-- - -7-' 7' li. .•pointed n Ili ----'7'.- • ..:' 1 ,_ -. at the brute. / p L 4 - -------- ' ' The Lion turned tail : . , he knew the strength of -. - - the umbrella which was wiLsoN,B 'RELIANCE' UMBRELLA. "THAT'S HOW IT'S DONE! " said the lover to his sweetheart, these Umbrellas are handy and useful. Known the World over, at prices from 1/3 to 63/— Strong, Smart, Durable and Cheap. RE—COVERED old umbrellas bg us are returned like a New Parliament--Readg for smart service. Prices from 1/6 upwards. WALKING STICKS make nice presents. Give us a call SENO ALL REPAIRS TO e 1 e W I LSO N 86 CO., UMBRELLA SPECIALISTS. 48, Horsemarket St., Warrington,

RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Largesmortment of Framed Pictures suitable forWeddins sod Birthday Presents, School Prizes, de. Terms onderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYFR OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONF.S, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTUR Ed IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE coLucnoN OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

THE SPOT SHOP, GT: SAM N. GREEN (FISH MARKET , FOR EVERYTHING.

Tel. No. 123. ESTABLISHED BO YEARS (in Warrington). Tel. No. 123. E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons sleight. Clean Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 50 per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight); Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxlne, Acid Proof Metal and all other CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, Oil Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 test dlaseter. Planing up to 5 feet square. slotting up to Minch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during II eStabllolllllo ever 60 years.

A TEXT ON TASTE. (Several rich Tory M.P.'s of questionable taste are announcing, with a great flourish of trumpets, that they intend to distribute their salary as Members of Parli.tment amongst various charities in their constituencies.) -- .....___._______........._..............._......................__._.....-4 ; ptuaLC 01 I. lle v • ___,..-- -\<\,, \\ / , ..--,------__,, , \\____-.-- vioa• a ---- " ::------:<. -: 7 : --- - - - :- ------.- : ." " ---'. - "---- / II \,, c...„..-__ \ •-_-___ // ........-__ ; „..,., ,I,,•;-;-----c-___,-:- 3tt'i 1 i;,, ~ ~,,,,,\,, - - ..,.._ ___. . . //,„/,, slowitis As R 1,,,„ . , \ ~. ~„"v• ~ i ,, _ --",./. ti TO ----?)••• t - - - •,/,,,. //,-, •. • LOCAtig• 0 1 ',fOA.l ,' ,' -1,. Wi 14/ , ,(; ' SALARY 1. l'.fill 7' CM Alt ill IE II ' ' Vai,,, -s: Ye st ', "- OCAL 1 4 • 'N ' 4‘411 1/ //' '‘''-i' ' --i/ L RITIES 0, ,...- ,v , ....il --- /1 0 4 SOIV- - "-P`---- V 4 IS NIT ter GOOD , ~,,,/ ,\,:z..-,- ~ i ,44,340-- oNTßlßtfros /./. Of ME? Is-, ,--- ‘,,,\,‘ ‘.,--- •-- ~...,_ ..-----,_ - - , k 1 ...,itilll / . "41 il / ''' C '''':' - - ..... '..'...'" .V60'41 'd / '''''' '''''';'--";. '..."---'-.-- .„0 ill' 1 1 .-----------"'" ~, ''`, ~, ,i.',,>-_,---. ! NOTE , THIS ISNOT A ''''' POLITICAL ADVERTISEMENT _ . _ - / --, ,;-- - -_:/,---. -----.. /. _ - _- _ 71- ...--:------- . _ ----=:-.,--7. 71-444._ etei I I "Charity vatinteth not itself, k not 'puffed' up."—l Corinthians, 13, 4.

We hold the largest stock of HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS In the North of England. AND SELL AT THE LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH. • 34, to 48, LONDON-ROAD, HOTHAM-STREET BRIDPORT-STREET. AND FRASER -STREET. U I LIVERPOOL Illustrated Catalogue Post Free on applicatten. Telegrams. "FURNISHING., Telephone 1214 Rev

1 DAINIFIZ VIM= la •••• • Prowa. bet =MEM RATS & MICE i..„ :tr. ...I:,=. . *a Aaa•Ja. DANYBZ VIRUS, Ltd., Box il6 a Mal III•ma. Las. KO- ar. a dal OlmnaMs.

WRINGING AND MANGLING MACHINES. • Reliable. Durable, & fully guaranteed. J. S. GARLAND, CASH 9 PRICE 51, 53 & 55 BRIDGE St., Warrington. 3 6

SOMETHING THAT INSURES GOOD WORK. The Stand-by of Working Nen. The best health insurance is a cup of Vi-Coceh night and morning. .1 en!, at night bevattes it will ' insure you rest while you sleep and a clear head when you wake. A ear in the morning because it will insure you good work while you are at work, and the power to enjoy yourself when you've done work. Workmgmen everywhere stand by Vi-Cocos becauss . Vi-cocoa stands by them. It helps them to work well, to play well, and to live well. Hundreds and thousand have agreed that there never was a better beverage for working men than Vi-Cocoa. Get a tin on your way home to-night, and you'll agree, too. Do not ask your grocer for - cocoa, "—ask for - , . , . —lt makes all the difference. . Every grocer sells Vi-Cocoa in lid. packets sad 2d.. 4r. and Is. 61. tins. BORWICK - & I k kWI LI V I kl I 0 I \8 !`Tilei t'ol 2's POWDER. "The W FrieDnF"R. _ HERB '1 BEER i

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS are of priceles, value in keeping the blood free from impurities, and the Liver, Stomach and Kidneys in proper functional activity. They give speedy relief in cases of Headache, Biliousness, Nausea , Dizziness, and cure the worst cases of Constipation. When feeling "out of rts " take a dose of Holloway's Pills. HOLLOWAY'S Pills & Ointment. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT should be kept always in the house. With a large family it is always useful. Apply it to Bruises, Burns, Scalds, Cuts, Chilblains, Chapped Hands, Wounds, Boils and Abscesses. It is a never failing Cure. It promptly relieves and cures Bronchitis, Asthma, Sore Throat, and other affections of the Throat & Chest. Of all Chemist. at 1/I}, 29 Ee 4;6 per Box or Pot.

-----111AERRYWEATHER8' HAND FIRE PUMP 81111 th• Simplest. Best. and 'kw Rehaoj _ FIRE EXTINGUISRER. 1. Nothing to get out of order. ) 2. Nothing to corrode. , j 2540 out of e 4199 t••. 1 London F de:. were exlln- gyished is) one year by tiauc CAsitS Wrwe or mil—. 63, LONG ACRE, It, 1.0.4D0N. .

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Thirteen lirkirds. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 64. ... Is. Sd. ... Ss. Od. ... Ss. 94. 24 ... 94. ... Is. 10d. ... Ss. Od. ... Ss. Od. 32 ... Is Od. ... 2s. 64. ... 4s. Od. ... 7s. 64. 40 ... Is. 21d. ... Ss. Id. ... ss. Od. ... Bs. 94. 48 ... Is. ed. ... Ss. 9d. ... es. Od. ... 10s. 04.

Domestic Servants, etc. I?VANTED, Smart GENERAL SERVANT; age about 23.—Mrs. WADSWORTH, Green Man Inn, Smallbridge, Roolidsle. WANTED, Experienced COOK-GENERAL—AppIy Mrs. CAMPBELL," Platt Honse" Platt Bridge. nr. Wigan. NVANTED good strong GENERAL; must have good refs.—P/uxcE OF WALES INN, 731, Ashton Old rd.. Openshaw. WANTED, COOKS, Cook-Generale, Housemaid- . Waitress; also good Generals.--Mts. DEviv, 64, Friargate, Preston. VREE REGISTRY.—Waoted immediately, COOK- -I. GEN caArs /124, Generals £2O. Housemaids £lB. MM. ISHERWOOD. 75. WoodgrEre WANTED, • Willing Country GIRL, about 20; wed home; family 3.—Mrs. ANDREWS, Bridge me, Sale. NVANTED, GENERAL, experienced ; three in family ; no washing ; wages, ,£2l.—lces, Bridge House, Lynne, Cheshire.

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Houses BLACKPOOL, LANOHLM PRIVATE HOTEL, opposite Talbot rd. Station, Queen st. ; terms from 51. 6d. per day. Tel. 800. ITENTNOR, Sunny, breezy," St. Augustine," superior V boarding house, sea front, ezcellent table.— B. H. GORDON. SCARBOROUG AUBYN'S BOARDING HOUSE, New Queen it.; seer sea; central ; moderate and inclusive terms.—PROPRISTOR. I ON DON.—WILD'S Firstolaas TEMPERANCE 11-4 HOTELS, 80 to 40, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. Electric Lift. Central for Business or Pleasure. Also at 70 and 71, EUSTON SQUARE. Closet, Euston, St. Pancras, and King's Cross Stations. Home Comforts, Cleanliness, and Quiet.

DINBURGEL—MeIviIIe Hotel, 3, Castle Terrace ill (Victoria), I, Erskine Place, nearest Temperance Hotels; Caledonian Station, Princes at., 1 minute ; Excursion Parties catered for; bed and breakfast from in. 6d.--BROWN.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KITT BY OLD WARRINGTON PROPLI.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. Chola PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

GENERAL ELLIOT HOTEL CROFT. THIS WELL-KNOWN COUNTRY RESORT HAS NOW BEEN ACQUIRED BY GEO, SHAW AND CO., LIMITED, OF LEIGH BREWERY, LEIGH. Who have made Extensive Alterations for the Convenience of Visitors. LARGE AND SMALL PICNIC AND PLEASURE PARTIES can be comfortably accommodated in SUITABLE DINING ROOMS. LUNCHEONS, DINNERS AND TEAS Served at the Shortest Notice and on Reasonable Terms. A SPACIOUS AND WELL KEPT BOWLING GREEN IS ATTACHED TO THE HOUSE. SMART BILLIARD ROOM WITH EXCELLENT TABLE. First Clans ALES, STOUTS, WINES & SPIRITS, t..c. Cigars and Cigarettes of Well-known Brands. FOR TERMS, &C., APPLY-- MANAGER, GENERAL ELLIOT, CROFT, Na. WARRINGTON

Apartments, Furnished Houses, etc. Blackpool.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortahle APARTMENTS near Sea and Central Station • piano.—Mrs. SCRIVEN, Primrose House, 88 Bsirstow at. (from Normanton). BLACKPOOL (North Shore).—Visitors will find every home comfort; well recommended.—Mrs. Mammon, 29, Banks at. (1 min. Talbot rd. Station). BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS with or without board. Close to sea and Central station. Plano. —Min. Rm. RILEY, Castle House, 70, Hornby rd. BLACKPOO mf L.—Coortable APARTMENTS at usual terms ; 2 min. from SYS and Talbot rd. Station.—Mrs. ROBINSON," Ivy House," 61, Lord it. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board; central to both stations and all amusements; piano.—Mrs. B. NORTH, 8, Alfred at.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, board optional; 1 min. from sea • opposite Talbot rd Station • home comforts. Centra to all amusements Mrs. T. WARZING, 6,Cookson st.

Wanted. A gents wonted to distribute cheep clothing, splendid opening.—C.C.D. Co.. 47, Park rd., Merton, S.W. HIGH Class Appointments for Bova—For parties write C. C. C., 235, High Holborn, London, W. C OARDSNER, good experience inside and out _t age 34 t good references.—G. Swarnws, 6, Birch Sale.

BLACHPOOI...—Bed, cookiog and attendance, is. each parson •' three minutes Central Station and sea; boarders 255. weekly •, cycle accommodation.— ELLAM, 27, Charniey rd. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, board optional, 3 minutes sea and Central Station; la. each person, cooking and attendance; bath, piano.— Mrs. JOHNSON, 111, Central Terrace, Central Drive.

BLACKPOOL.—Public and Private APARTMENTS; board optional; good beds and fires; every con- venience.—Mra. E. CHADWICK, 29 Lonsdale rd., off Lytham rd. near Manchester Hotel and sea. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, close to Central Station. Near all entertainments piers and NM. 1411110.—MIS. CHAPMAN, 63, Coronation at., (late of 17, Hall rd.)

OLD Golf Balls Wanted.-6s. .per doz.,Challengers, Colonels, Dunlops, Dimples, Zodiacs in good condition; otherwise 45. dozen; Postal Orders Imme- diately:WitUzlitz,2l,Evelyn Gardens,Riohmond,Surrey TIRESS EXCHANGE, 4, Hornby rd., Central Drive Blackpool.—Wardrobe dealer, good price given for all kinds of left-oft clothing ; letters and parcel promptly attendtd to •, register office for servants ; wanted good generals, also waitresses.

BLACK POOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; terms moderate ; 1 min. from Talbot rd. Station, North Pier and WC—Miss Dewsotc, Warrington House, 15, Lord at., North Shore. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board, 1 min. Talbot rd., Station; home comforts; piano.—Mrs. J.W.HAnnison, Prospect House, 5, George at. 11Cp LAC KPOOomfortable APARTMENTS (board 11 optional), near sea, trams,station and pier; every oonvemence ; terms moderate.—Mrs. CHIPMAN, 21, Begot at., Booth Shore. BLACKPOOL.—Public and Private APARTMENTS, 2 minutes South Shore Station and Victoria Pier; piano, bath.—Mrs. THOMPSON BARBER (late of Latchford), 10, Bright at. BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, 2s. night,2 persons; board optional; piano, comfort guaranteed.— Mrs. GREGORY, 35, Crystal rd., off Promenade. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board. Minute from sea and pier Near station.—Mrs. lircionis,s Miller at., off Shaw rd. South Shore. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS close to sea and amusements. Bath, piano. Is. each per day. Public and private.—Mrs. Cooese, 7, Park Avenue, Central. 1114LACKPOOL.—" Home from ho ne." Bed, cooking and attendance, in. each pets It minute Central Station and Sea; boarders from weekly cycle ; accommodation.—Mrs. Las, A Hornby rd. BLACKPOOL, B.B.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board ; terms moderate; every conveniesoe ; sea view,near promenade.—hlrs.WlLKlNs, 2, Wellington rd. (late of Manchester).

Shares. CUNLIFFE, RUSSELL & CO, Bankers, Share Heelers, 10, Place de la Bourse, Paris.—Send p.c. for panic.; bankers' refs. ; estab. 1888. STOCK Exchange Bpeoulation.--E4 for every El invested now.—WlHAnclosing stamp. EXCHANGE 47, Bedford at., Strand, London. k3ooßequired to work remunerative Colliery Concessions. Good security; 10 per cent. interest, qnarterly.-Romanes, 6 John st,Treharris, Olsm. WANTED.—Young Sportsman with capital, keen about racing, hunting, shooting, Ea., to join Well-knoen Trainer (under both rules) in line bunting and social county. Could thoroughly learn the businem, ride for stable if proved salable, and keep his own horse(' on bedrock terms.-Exceptional chance and heal thy life. Interview, Lond.-Trainer, c/o 34 Hart it, bond., W.C.

To be Let. HOUSE TO LET.—" Winona," Whitefteid rd.—A liontomn," Epnortb," Whitetteld rd., Stockton Heath. GARDEN SUBURB, SANKEY, to let, ELM DESK. a charming and commodious residence.—Apply next door.

MO LET, Good Country COTTAGE, large garden, A. healthy district; gait town worker. Rant 42.- ROYSTON, Paddington, Warrington. OFFICES TO BE LET.—Union Bank Chambers Suites of Rooms facing Sankey it, and Clare it., suitable for 021001 and other purposes.—Apply 139109 BANK LTD., Warrington. FERNISIIED HOUSE for one, two or three months Latchford Without, 5 minutes station ; dining and drawing rooms, 3 bedrooms. bath. &c.; south gardend terms moderate.—Apply Z., 0 Examiner" Office Warrington. 17, PINNERS BROW, Lock-up Shop suit Butcher, rent 6s. 6d. per week clear. 33, PINNERS BROW, good Shop, 7s. per week clear. 36, GENERAL STREEI, rent 4s. 9d. per week. 10, WELLINGTON STREET, rent ss. per week. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketb, good semi-detached, Residence ; large garden ; sunny situation ; reduced rent. MARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Double Office, most central position in town ; good light; £l6. OFF SANKEY STREET, Warrington, 2 Storey Ware- house with cart entrance, rent £l6. 111,PIERPOINT STREET, rent 44 per week. AppIiROBERT Low E, Estate Agent, No.l Bank Street mrington Telephone—No 55

DLACKPOOL—PubIio and private APARTMENTS with or without board, la. each person; min. Talbot rd., Station and ass; piano.—Mrs. GARNER, 6 Lord at. N. Shore. VtLACKPOOL.—PubIic and Private APARTMENTS 2 minutes from station and Victoria Pb,,. Terms moderate. Board optionaL—Mn. JONES, 18, Church at. South Shore. LACKPOOL.—APARTNIENTS (board optional), 1-11, one min. promenade; good accommodation for cyclists ; pisno.—Mrr. COPE, Gs, Lytham rd., S.S. LACKPOOL.—PubIic and private APARTMENTS. 11 Bed, cooking, Is., each person. Board from 25e. per week. Bath, cycle accommodation, I minute Talbot rd.statlon und north piet.--ilra.Bnona,Lord It

eeTisT & eOUNTFiY. Where to stay.

SOUTHPORT.-11omely APARTMENTS vacant; good cooking ; moderate terms; permanent or otherwise; quiet home.—Raoau F ret,0,89 Kenvin stun rd SOUTIIPORT.—APARTMENTS, with or without board; 2s. per bed and attendance; board 43. 6d., near station, Lord at.; bath and piano.—Mts. Boy's, 44; King at. SOUTHPORT.—APAWniENTS public and private with or without board; one minute from promenade and amusements • opposite Cheshire Lines Station ; bath, piano.—Miss amusements; 12, Lord at. QOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS with or without 1.7 board; close to pier and promenade; ass view; lath ' • piano, &c.—Mrs. .1. W. MartsDEN, Milton 34, Bold at.

North Wales. 4 BERYSTWYTIL—APARTMENTS ; special tering ZS- for September; h. and a. nab ; terrca moderate. Mrs. JAMES MORGAN, Silverdale, Queen's rd. DYSERTH, near RbyI.—APARTMENTS, with or without board; good table; lovely scenery.— ROBERTS, Fron Haul, Dyserth. _ H 0 LT WE LL.-Comfortable A PARTS EN TS,between St. Winifred's Well and Pantasaph.—Caocer, AII ty -coed. near Pantasaph. LLANDUDNO.—CasIo Moa BOARDING•HOUSE Abbey rd.; lovely situation; every comfort; term. from 250. weekly. LLAN DIIDNO.—Com f ortable APA M ENTS ; good cooking; close to pier and station.-11ro. H. HUGHES, Bronte House, Clifton rd. LLANDUDNO and North Wales Coast.—For Furnished Houses, also Property for Sale and to Let.—Apply RYAN, Auctioneer, Llandudno. 11111ENMAENMAWR CLIFFE MANOR BOARDING ▪ HOUSE, also APARTMENTS, without board; facing sea ; special low terms.—Mrs. Owmv. RHYL—Small HOUSE, comfortably furnished ; bath; very moderate; winter I months.- 8, SANDRINGHAM AVENUE. RHY L.—Sittiogroome and 2 Bedrooms, in quiet SS, avenue Dear promenade; with attendance, terms very low Of would let Furnished.-5, LAKE AVENUE.

Miscellaneous. BUNTON.—Carlisle House Private Hotel, Broad Walk, overlooking gardens, splendid views table d'hote, 7. N.T. 439.—Mrs. Cures. MARSHALL. BAKEWELL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS to Let in the Peak of Derbyshire, suitable for lady or ' gentleman; permanent : ten minutes' walk to Catholic Church.— Apply M., Elm Cottage, Rowland, Bakewell. DOUGLAEL—BOARD-RESIDENCE, 255. week; 49 day; trams pass; near see.—Mrs. COWLEY, 75, Books rd. ESWlCK.—Comfortable APARTDIENTS ; board Lb. If required; terms moderate; near Lake and Park—Miss BOUCH, 48, Wordsworth at. ONDON.—Bed and Breakfast, 2s; close to 'bus, .1.4 tube, and trains.—MEADE, 12, Trafalgar square, Fulham rd, S.W. (South Kensington Station). LONDON.—Board residence; excellent cuisine liberal table, home comforts. Inclusive terms CENTRAL PROPRIETRESS, 23, Leinater square. LONDON VISITORS.—Coay Bed-Sitting-room, with good breakfast, front 3s. 6d. single, 6s. 6d. double —Haulms, 20, Bernard at, Russell square, W.C. LONDON VISITORS.—Cosy ROOMS, with good breakfast, from Is.; single 5s ; double inclusive; TeL," Arriving. " London—Hamiltoo, I, HUNTER ST., Brunswick Square, Russell Square, W.C. ATLOCK.—Comfortekble APA RTMENTS, p isTrt ▪ end private; bath, piano; moderate.—Mrs Evrow, Ferncliffe. Bank rd. MILNTHORPE, near Carnforth.—C omfortable Accommodation for Visitors; sea and country.— BROOMBY, Park-terrace. VIORECAIBE, W.E.—Mrs. FIRTH, Ferndone, SO, A. Regent rd. Comfortable APARTMENTS, 2s. per bed each night; piano, bath. Special winter terms with or without board.

_ . MATLOCK.—Comfortable APARTMENTB,I miner* from station. Beds from 2s. Board optional.— BEARD, Kingsbridge Terrace. Matlock. MORECA MI3E.—APARTM E NTS, public or private minutes from Land N.-W. Station and sea terms moderate; bathroom, &c.—Mrs. SANFORD, 17 Kensington rd. MORECAMBH . —Public and Private APART- MENTS, every home comfort, la each parson- board if required; 1 minute, promenade.—Mrs. WARD Thorneville (late Green st.),36,Sea View Parade. W.E PENNIAENMAWR.—ComfortabIe quiet Home offered K to small family or gentleman, convenient, in own grounds ; near stat'on and shore ; good cooking. Moderate terms.—Pnowwirrnass, Brookside.

Medical. why Fuller from corns? reliable cure; send Is. P.O.— Cosmos Bareao,l4B.Queen's rd.,Bayswater, London Coraplexion Pills.—Latest discovery In Beauty Treat- meat, Is. 3d.—Net-ROPATH, 70, Victoria it., S.W. VXCELLENT prescription to enrich poisoned blood w-woopy la-BsTrmss.l2,olive grovv,Hurm.,Manchostor FC*TROT in Sheep, Boohoos infallible Ointment or Liquid, never foils, 116, 3/..—TAssortc H. Norwich VCRSE-MlDWlFE.—Comfortable home; pending and during confinement, moderate. 920, HALLIWIELL no., Bolton.

PURITY OF LIFE with a few Homely Remedies as a Core for most Diseases; post free, Is. HOBBIES, BA., Queen at., Limerick. 50,050 JOURNALS.suera wpm pt vat:: ai4leortp.' bp! oirlos Directory Guide.—' Efflooms.' Worthing. Accouchment.—Quiet accommodation, private house registered curve' moderate fees. Doctor if preferred.-C.onlidentiald7 Carlton rd ~Kentish Town,Lon ROUND Shoulders, Weak Chest and Lungs prevented by wearing my adjustable 'Shoulder Braces'; post free, P.O. I/1 —` MEDICAL,' 2 Madras, Bromley, Kent. Ira be Bald? Vaughan's" Hairsrower " speedily produces luxuriant hair. Most astonishing results. Trial box 6d.—F. VAUGHAN, 30, Fermin Avenue, Wood Green, London N. .ca. CCOUCHMENT.—ComfortabIeAPARTkIENTS for In-patient ; very moderate terms. NURSE PIERCE, 15, Handy rd., Fairfield, Liverpool. FREE! SILVER WATCHES. This is not a catch. —Send stamped envelope for particulars to G. J. ARSON & CO., 45, Artesian rd., London, W.

DELIGHTFUL and UNIQUE PRESENT.—Gennine North American Indian-made Birch Bark Canoe, with pincushion, post free, is ; money returned if not satisfled.—H ARV EY, 68, Milton it., London. RHEUMATISM, GOUT, Lumbago, Sciatica. Lady who was helpless from Rheumatic Fever will give instant relief and cure without painful rubbing. Post free. 2/6.—GO, COMBRA G II RD., West Kensington. WEAK Neurasthenic Men should obtain copies of prescriptions and plain particulars of up-to-date remedies for restoring health and manly vigour ; cure yourself; save pounds; stamped envelope.—Box 8415, cio Slum:tow & THATCHER, 84,Hart at., London, W.C. 'At ADAME ESEE'S Blood and Nerve Pills enrich, LTA. purify the blood, cure Aummis, build up whole system, are perfect health restorers and best nerve tonic known, 11l 2/9 post free.—Joßssos,2os, Wakefield rd., Normanton, Yorkshire. adies.—Send P.O. 9d. for the newest and most excel- RA lent labour-raving device, the X.L. Ironing Shoe, does away entirely with the troubles and worries of ironing. Money returned if not perfectly satisfied. Strongly made, fits any size iron, heavily plated, carriage paid. Absolutely delights every lady.—The X.L. Trading Co., Ltd., County Chambers, Corporation at., Rim. FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE been univereally admitted to be • Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy for Anremia, Giddiness, Fulness end Swelling after Menlo. Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes in, lid., 2.e. 9d., OM. and Ile. (Sample sent free). Only address :- 309,PORTOBELLO RD.. NOTTING HILL, LONDON ARE YOU FEELING FIT ?—lf not take FREX MA PILLS, the best cure for Anemia, Dyspepsia, Indigestion Headache, Loss of Appetite, and all com- plaints arising from a weakened and disordered system. At all Chemists, IL, per box, or post free from T. FRENCH, M.P.S., CHEMIST AND PHARMACIST (Silver Medallist in Pharmacy), 37, WESLEY RD., LEITION, LONDON, N.E.

Miscellaneous On sale, etc DRINTIN O. Cheap Artistic,Estintatea free.-S tICKLINO Co., 88, Fleet it., London. 1,000,000 good old bricks, cleaned, loaded, 8/6 1,000. Hicruesos,Wella at., Camberwell. SAFETY Razor Blades reground, Id. each; any make —Barrvm,Bo, Paokington at, London. EHOLISH SAFKIT RAZOR,- with 3 blades, Is. 6d post fres.—Moss, 72 Meadow rd., Leeds. MAKE your own Hesrthrugs ; new cloth cut ready for rms.—Mynas, 61, Rowland place, Leeds. /ILO False Teeth Bought, full value remitted return IL, post —Baccir., Barber rd., Sheffield. FU LL Instructions for brewing beer at home sent for ls. Id.—SHARRAD, Hope House, Hathersage. VIREWOOD.-000d wood-hand. 300 van loads cheep.—Hicfrissas, Wells at., Camberwell. -"UST Out, book of thrilling Recitations by Mrs ILIP Biwa), Woodyaro, Ramsey, Hunts. P.O. 7d. grIHARACTER read from handwriting P.O. la stamp. —brster..sv, 177, Strand rd.. Bootle, Liverpool.

QllOOOlll by Self-knowledge. Character reading from by Self-knowledge. Tu4itsu.—How to hold a man ten times your strength powerlever,ls.C.Woods,Demyons,MarksTey,Colchester Building Material.-LargestSecondhand Stook London every kind chesp.-litcHrssoN,Wells st.,Cemb irw el I LI EN'S Suits,l2g. lid. (all 'Ostia); shirt blooses,is. 3d 01 Fire Salvage.—H. lota, Draper, Narberth, CI AMPLE Quirt of splendid Blue Black Ink, post free (dry), 91.-Narcroft, Woodhouse st.,Stoke-on-Trent. BARGAIN.—LAidies' Keyless Watch, 4u.; also Opera Glawees,4/3; irenuine.-Harmon,2s,Thorpe rd,Stalnes. LADIES COMBINGS made into Tails, kn., Is. 6d. per oz.—Menton, Hai rworker, Eagiesolilfe, 8.0. CANADA, Australia, &a—Twelve Coloured Picture Poet Cards,lsAinique C0.,110 Heath st..llampsteud. VI-ALL-MARKED Silver Brooches, any name le., 11. post free.—W. E WRRKER. Jeweller, Swift, LW. ADainty Novel Puree in brown or green sent by return for is. 40.—E. S. C., 120, Alderson rd., Hialifieldn, Sheffield.

SEORECY or FUN.—How to make and use five different kinds of Invisible Inks, 1/.—Hurron, 2, Duke sh, Pontefract, Yorks. ENUINE.—GoId Cued Gents' Double Curb Alberts is.; also Ladies' Curb Bracelets and Padlocks, Is. —Simmons. 48, Argtll St.. Bedford. AN amusing Alarm Clock for ftd. only. Will not fail to wake you. Hoge joke.—Bend P.O. Bd. to WOLLAT CLOCK CO., 28, Featherstnne st., B.r. VOR SALE, nearly new small Anthracite Stove with 22 Iron Piping, £2; also Nickel-plated Reading Lamp, 51 SCHOOL, Warrington. A RMY Bluchers, 5/6 pair, Leggings 1111, Overcoats 4.-I.with Cape 10/6; Puttees I 3 per, Khaki Trousers 31-, carriage paid.—ARMYCLOTIIInG CO., Newark. PLATONIC POST.—The sole introductory medium for those desiring friends of either sea. In sealed envelope, 6d.—PLATOSI7 POST, 74 Fleet Pt., E C. 3/6 at once for Berzilian Gold Bangle; young men treat your riders ; remarkable offer,-27 M SUNTAN RD., MAUS), Loudon. Coupon prizes.

_ . e ALovely Complexion.—Ledy's-maid will forward unrivalled preparation as used by society ladies. Post free 1 3.—Mademoiselle, 2, Milford rd., Birmingham. A° Important Hint. Ladies,why throw sway your hair combings ?—Post them now to William Oddy; Dept. B Dock Mills, Shipley, Yorks. Cash 41. per on

Cloal Direct to any Station,in four to fire ton wagons price, at pit per ton: best eshless,lll.; best roaster 9s. ; kitchen from 71.-11sttAm's °remits. Leicester Your Fortune Is in yon,r Name.—Send 1/1 P.O. for Mystery of :Numbers, and receive, free, Delinea- tion of your future.-'STAR' PutLibtintu Co.,llo.Strand. Amentl Electric Pocket Lamp (Improvedl.-Metal Fils- • . Is 9d; 'Vacuum Flask. Ipt‘,9d post free; ageotawanted.-Scirmenric Co., 70, Newiaton Causeway SUPERB Nottingham Lace Curtains, exquisite designs, white or ecru 31yds. 516, 2 pairs 106, 4 paint 205.; carr.-paid,return if dissatistied.—GßANVlLLE, 57, Elmore st.,lalington, N. DIP OTATOES and Carrot., good table stuff Is. stone or U. 6,. 6d. cwt, on rail ; cash with order ; hotels catered for; quotations for quantities; satisfaction assured.— SQUIRES, Chatteria AN Important Hint.—Ladies, why throw away your Hair Comoinp, peer them now to WiLLIAM ODDY, Dept. C., Dock Mills, Shipley, Yorks. Cash 4d. per or. sent per return.

MARVELLOUS Scientific Discover.—"Suntronse" gives men and women handsome sunburnt appear- ance, detection impossible guaranteed genuine, Is.— HOLLYHOCKS, Westbolm, Letchworth. Wedding presents or sport prises; nothing more use- V V ful than set carvers, sylonite bandies, hall-marked, silver ferrules,in velvet-lined csee;7s. post free;hooestly worth 12e. 6d.—Hotzmn, New Inns, biandsworth, PROFITABLE Season in Private Greeting Cards .A7ll. is guaranteed with a " Marlborough" Sample Book; you will sitaire orders where others fail.—Apply for book to WILKINSON, 21, Bank at, Accrington. DIRECT from Loom to Westrer.—Splendid Sol Lengths, 9s. to 265.; also Overcostings ; latest novelties; patterns free; carriage psid.—WEST RIDING MANUFACTURING CO., Golcar, Huddersfield. DIG•DAG Stockings for Rough Lade, reduce your mending, will re-foot; for 5 years old Is. 7 years Is 2d, 9 years Is 30, 11 years Is sd, 14 years Is 60 ; Ladies, is 4 and is 70, all carr.-pd ; try sample pair.— ROWSON, Webster's Buildings, Padiham, Lancashire. ▪ Tmbrelles.—Ladles' solid silver crooks,taffet • cove,, Fox's ribe,s/8; Gents' Congo. furze or p ilm crooks, nosieand collar,taffeta cover,s 6. Best value ever offeted, British made throtigh•ut, with best fittings. Post paid. Randall's. 108, St. Donatt's rd.. Lewishrim.Loodan.S .E lANO for Sale; upholstered in saint: iron frames • fifty ivory keys; Islam improvements ; gold medals London and Berlin; cost 52 guineas • take £2O cash ! a bargain.-12, CILAZEBROOK ST, Manchester rd., Warrington. 44-10INIZG Money' will show all Ninths how toadd rapidly and materially to their incomes, without speculation, trickery, or interference with their own business or profession; no goods to buy or sell.-Booklet f ree by return oo receipt postcard with full name& address clearly writtea,L.Essuzz,l9-2X, Oxford st., London. W 2 /11 Sale Price—Gents' shaving outfits, double edged Safety Razor, shaving stick, and floe brush ; makes splendid present. Don't miss this lot, 2a lid carr pd. worth 7,6 d. Is addition with first 250 sent out, we will enclose, absolutely free, handsome smoker's companion); greatest bargain parcel ever offered. Oar ratars uncover a multitude of Chins. Every MO his own barber return post.—H cst PER IMPORTING Co. Dept. Hird,, City Chambers, 19, Posterogate, Hall.

, 11----___.------ / , << . • - l. LDs:7 SILVERSMITHS' ____,,S a- nic.;?`S:ject; . . '6- DIAMOND wA '6I IN GTOTI 1 ' MERCHANTS .0111;°

Furniture Carpets Decorations Garnetts Established Manufacturers when George IV. was Kist WARRINGTON and LIVERPOOL 122 Bold Street).

ITIIGH-CUSS TAILORING AT POPULAR PRICES. TWO VERY SPECIAL LINES IN NEWEST SUITINGS. 42/- AND 501- SEE WINDOWS. H. S. PAGE AND CO., 14, SANKEY ST., (LEGE( Si. CORNER), WARRINGTON

,-1,-- ~ 4.u. 4 • -,' ' , •". V 1. 4' " , * ••• ) - -- _ ,-- ' / , • - . ‘, '' \ ‘' --••••'` ye, „ ,<",:._ e / I• Vi -t4, Why brain-workers, mothers, physical workers, children, everybody needs Quaker Oats, is absolutely proved by science. Quaker Oats contains, in higher proportion than any other tbod that grows, proteid—the muscle-maker; organic phosphorus— the brain-food ; lecithin—nourisher of the nerves • carbohydrates —energy givers; mineral salts—preservers of the teeth. ‘i•VZ&t. A VITAL QUESTION ANSWERED. • 'i _COKER By its recent great investigation, The Nat- ional Food Enquiry Bureau discovered that the strongest and most successful men and . '10?" women and the biggest and brainiest children come from the homes where oat-food is the -1711 ffy c, LEO daily diet. t` b: I/ _ 181.2 INN 'MITT WITS terl#lllls

WHEN HEALTH BEGINS TO Go. "Every Picture From birth to death the blood is continually 1 I WARRINGToN CASE tells a Story." - !`,0,111 streardng thronxh the kidneys to be filtered. i . 41/1,7,4,1) tvi lint when the kidneys are weak Cr diseased, they begin to lose their power of filtering the blear!. Then the urinous waste left in the blood begins to spread disease to all putts of the body. The patient feels u maturally. drowsy and heavy, and grov H irritable and miserabk The (\'‘...„,........., \ uric acid and urea bsgia to settle in the muscles aod j ints, e tusing the stiffness and pain of /, , 4/ rheumatism. The minary system it disirdered. and the swellings of dropsy appear. 'rho limn ' ' ‘/ '1e,..„,-- seems affected, the hands and het are always / ;II 1' I I .•,-.5----- /, 1 i a , , ~ , • cold, and the patient may be subj,ct to bad attacks of giddinms. K.dney die ase ,is bard to cure because it so often to aches a seri ms stage before it is fund rut. But if you take your trouble in time, bef are ' ~. 1 the kidneys gat to) sehously involve I, the / divease may de pe.mtnently cured. At the first alo'll'ekln' ardtna should eo3l.,dfadca.lo4:7:7yiabove symptoms, the oeys ia thorough c .ur,e Ils, whida act upon laxative medicines act upon the bowels; they r. sate a free II 'a, from the kidneys, so that deposits ,A uric acid _,...--'...-,,-, poison are flu-bed out, having the ity,tem cleat -, ..... still healthy. '1 he medicine should be ler.evered . - with until every an of kidney weakness has lisapprisre I, f r as long as the least truce , . remains a relapse is always to be feared. _ I Tired out from morning till night Head bail heart bail -rheumatic & droisti-al Have you sluipeeled your kidneys .'

Do your Eyes Trouble You? • Tio things ever seem to grow inisly and blurred? This is a warning of Eyestrain— and you should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble. By our scientific tests we could tell if you need Glasses. and in that 5053 supply those which would give the greateat possible benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER 6 SONS Eyesight Specialists. 73, LORD STREET Bath. 1848. LIVERPOOL

Skilful FUR /Alterations. TRUSTWORTHY ADVICE. RELIABLE WORKMTINSHIP. e ONSeIENTIOUS ESTIMATES eREAMER'S RENOWNED FURRIERS, PRIZE MEDAL FOR GENERAL EXeELLENCE and RELIABILITY A VAST SELECTION OF FASHIONABLE FURS Direct from the Maker to Wearer at Most Advantageous Prices F/,‘CTORIOOMSES and z Bold--St , Liverpool. brio W R, 0

_ Old ® abar CHICALA A DRY FEED FOR CHICKENS AGENTS GARTER & SON Bridge St. Warrinaton

i WATCHES OF PRECISION AND QUALITY ---ai -, '- . LIKE THOSE MADE BY J. W. BENSON, LTD., ARE A PURCHASE FOR A LIFETIME. BENSON'S WATCHES contain Instrcv:- merits all conducing to that Accuracy, D..n.bility, i 1 6-- and Inexpensive upkeep which should be the n _feat 1 main in Watch work, and no other firm 1 41( - I- 41,,, .f • ___44_„r, ... . . . G . equal them. THE "110 KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER" FOR LADIES. , • / . - - " .' s . 1 / 1/C 1 I ', \ In zB.ct. Gold, Crystal Gla , :: s, / ,-....,, THE "BANK" WATCH' ' Y. Best London Made Keyless English - Lever, Sterling Si!-Sil- ,„," i , ,- ) . ----- , ver,Ciystal Glass Cases, £5. ' Or Hall Hunting Cases, £6 . , / . . 5 (as illustrated). 1 18-ct. Gold Cases, Crystal Glass, £l5. t ......, P. i...z., 40 ' • 4 , They are sold at strictly Moderate Prices . = for Cash, or on "CI) times" System of MONTHLY PAYMENTS of 10/.. and upwards. ii = 1 , Owners write that the `. FIELD," " LLD. GATE," and "BANK" Watches are of N - "INCOMPARABLE EXCELLENCE."

SELECTIONS WILL BE SENT TO INTENDING THE II LUDGATE" WATCH BUYERS AT OUR RISK AND EXPENSE. London Made English Le: ,r, !,1 Silver, Ctvslal Glass Cases, £5 ss. I Illustrated Books POW nen. In 18-el. Gold Cases, £l2 12s. No.l, of Watches,. from Xis., Claim. Self. Fitting Watch Bracelets, & Jewellery. No. Y. of Clocks. " Empire " Plate, & In- • J•W BENSON L • 1 TO., expensive Silver Goods foe Present& • Mention this paper. 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, witiMeirowiterftworwiotrowt,",,o LONDON, E.O. woroirow

EVERY HOUSEHOLD constantly requires a little inexpensive, safe, efficacious medicine for use by one member or another of the family. Men and women, boys and girls, even of the healthiest, occasionally need a reliable preparation to relieve and correct liver, stomach, and bowel disorders, or any of the numerous ailments arising from a deranged condition of some portion of the complex system of digestion. There is no better and more convenient remedy than Beecham's Pills which are carefully compounded from pure and skil- fully selected ingredients of vegetable origin and are suitable for young and old of either sex. Everyone NEEDS medicine in some form or other from time to time. It is not surprising that it should be so. Whether the cause of the trouble be due to unsuit- able diet or a run-down and enfeebled state of the digestive organs, a few doses of Beecham's Pills will soon restore healthy conditions, as they thoroughly eliminate unhealthy accumulations, gently stir the sluggish organs to normal activity, increase appetite, improve digestion and thereby exert a bracing effect upon the whole body. A trial is all that is necessary to convince anyone of the sterling value of s BLEcHAmPILLS Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1 I (56 pills) & 2'9(168 pills).

ee ams' • Cures when all remedies fail. It acts like magic relieving all pain and throbbing and soon cures the worst CORNS and BUNIONS. Boxes is lid. of all Chemists. P. &SEMI & SOK, ccbcisie .

, a .. .., tter, -.„. l_ c A NEW WAY ACROSS THE RIVER. Übe ]Furnishing -.•argr,.,, ~, . . , .... ...- - ,- .--- , Lgi to the 114 ,;:,! I, ,____. , - -- - . ~.i---,, Problem .. . , 7. --t6-.... . ..- .i.' EDITOR.N '_. ,:I ' . • • .. . .. , . ' Solved , • ~.. . ~. •,• . _ _____----------,Au ....,.._.. ..... •. • . r A The Baby Show. pound which! am about to spend • -- .....___ ~.., , , . . OW can I increase the put- Sir— The kind reception give to the first Baby Shoe • H chasing power of every last year has encouraged me to propose that another i , I I • , *hall be held this year, and if the nine kind nterest, . on Furniture? helpand generosity are forthcoming this year, the show • - - _Jao, should be an equal success. The value of hold,ng an : e 4 , , Annual Baby Show is, I ant sure you will agree, only iv :t, 11 The solution of that problem will be found in our free catalogue and our equalled by the work of the Mothets and Babies 404 iii t . ,•4._ , , .. Welcome, which cught to be a permanent rupp'ement Showrooms. While we only supply to the show. Your columns are often u,efully devoted •---7 , .'eaaacorr," - . ____ _ _ ____ . _ ~ . • - __ t- - - 1:',":;....Z- artistic, sturdily-built furniture, our to matters apiertaining to the health of the town ; I a a.....,.„, ap 0 perfect manufacturing and se ling venture to say that no more importact matter has • enables us to quote pricer /43: 0- peared in them than that referring to the Baby Z. ANC4S/1/RE afae. • - . organisation.... that are much below those charged Show last 3ear. Our decreaving birth-rate behoves , . ~ us to he careful as to the health of the babies ;if we .., , ~• • • elsewhere for the same articles. No , . ..., ..,. . 0,,,,...... ,5,—,..... , cannot have quantity we must have quality. The , matter whether you , show will be for babies born within the Box ough of r-LZ WIT/o_4(. .e.c.•,,,,. Soc‘earZZ., Warrington up to the age cf 15 months. _____,,,,,,_ -....._,,,,,.. _lila A general meeting sill be held in the CoanCil OR &WINO OF THE NEW FOOT-BRIDGE TO BE ERECTED ACROSS THE RIVER AT HOWLEY. Chamber on Thursday next, September 281 b, at Furnish for Cash 8 p.m., and it is Loped that nil ladies and gentlemen We have pleasure in reproducing the design of the footbridge which will shortly be built across the Mersey to connect Howley and Latchford Wards. The interested in the matter e ill endeawur to attend. structure will be one of Rowell's patent steel wire rope suspension bridges, with a clear span of 175 feet between abutments. On either bank there will be two • Subactiptions may be sent to myself at 24, Thelwall- steel lattice pillars over which the suspension ropes will pass. The ropes will be of special high tension galvanised steel wire, specially splayed to give rigidity to the oL" t scr Convenient lane or to the Mayor (Dr. G. W. Joseph) at 21, Bold- bridge. To the wires will be fastened steel suspension rods, carrying girders to take the bridge flooring, which will be of two inch timber planks. The clear width of street.--I am, yours faithfully, the bridge will be six feet. The embankment on the Howley side will start from the corner of Parr-street and Albert Terrace, connect w Egerton-street and will t with S:ptember 21, 1911. i and Howley-lane by means of the existing footpath past the Bridgewater Canal Warehouse. On the Latchford side there will be two embankments running from Payment Sustem 24, Thelwall-lane, Watrington, the bridge, parallel to the river, one east and the other west, to give access to the different portions of Victoria Park.

your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth noting. We alloy 2/. In the dleicount ft. Cash Payments can be arranged to suit Customers conveniences No objectionable agreements to sign. Every Article manufactured under our own direct cannel and supervision. We pay carriage snail parte. Goods delivered in Private Vans. Every Furnishing Requisite supplied. Good Value and satisfied Customers Arcount for the phenomenal growth ot oar business. We unl,sitatinaty Guarantee. refund the p.e 4 any article Scat does n, gine absolut• uti.faction. Pr Writs or call for Catalogu•
