===== 0002601_19110916_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W. P. HARTLEY'S

Seville Orange MARMALADE is absolutely pure.

',IIURCEI,

IARTING AGENTS AND CONTRACTORS.

At a meeet log of the Carting Agents and Contractors it was unanimously agreed owing to increased cost of Horsekeep, Wages, &c., that on and after 2id October, 1911, the charge for limo Bite ,will be bt. per day, 6 days to the week. • P. fl. WILSON, Secretary. OTICE.—JOSEPH CROSFIELD AND SONS LIMITED., WARRINGTON. VISITORS TO THE WORKS.

The Directors regret that owing to the large number of Vkitors on Wednesday afternoons they are com- pelled to disccutinue the arrangement's for a axed day for such visits. After the 27th inst. intending Visitors must please apply for a Permit," which can be obtained from the Secretary of the Company. By Order of the Board. J. R. WARDLE, Secretary.

- - - B OT'.LER GRAMMAR SCHOOL WARRINGTON. Next Term commences on Thursday, September Met. The Head Master will be at the School on Wednes- day, the 20th inst to interview Parents of new 13 us and others between the hours of 10.30 and 12 30,3 and 5. The School Prospectus will le supplied on applica- tion to the Head Master. Boys ntee enter the Preparatory Department at the age of six years. , PERE B. DAVIES, Law Clerk to the Governors.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGION.—H EDUCATION COMMITTEE: COOKERY MISTRESS. Applications are invited for the post of COOKERY MISTRESS. Commencing selary £7O per annum. rising by annual increments of Er, to a maximum of 110. Forms of application which must be returned by not later than the 30th September, 19lI) and further par- ticular, may be obtained from .1. NIOORE MURRAY, M.Sc.. Education Office, Eiteretary and Director. Saab.; Street, Warrington. 15th September, 1911.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
COAT CHARITY

WARRINGTON BLUE SCHOOL. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the TRUSTEES of tie above SCHOOL pill, at their next Quarterly Meeting, on the 16th day of October next, proceed to elect Eight Children (4 Boys and 4 Girls) to Vacancies now existing in the Institution. No Candidate will be eligible unless an application On his or her behalf (forms of which may be obtained from the Clerk, at his Office, 3, Winwick Street), shall have been made to the Clerk to the Trustees, at least fourteen days previous to the day of Meeting. In electing Children, the True Hes make Orphans their Brat choice. Those deprived of one parent come next in consideration, acd after them the children of parents who have the greatest nomberand the slenderest means. Dated this 15th day of September, 1911. • HENRY GREEN ALL, Clerk to the Trusters._

LANGLANDS' SAILINGS to GREENOCK and GLASGOW.

PRINCESS LOUS.P.—c;;. otter STEAMER From LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW..

(61-a—ren—ce dock).— (ile;tla side) Sat. Sept. 16,3 p.m. Tues. Sept. 13,3 p.m. .8.30 p.m. Thum Sept. 21., 9 p.m. Sat. Sept. 23,3 p.m. '9.30 p.m. Toes. Sept. 26,12 noon Thorn. Sept 28,3 p.m.. 6.30 p.m. •Trais from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central) SPECIAL REDUCED THROUGH TICKETS from Warrington, dc. Single, let class id saloon 13i. 10d. ; 3rd 6104 A saloon 12s 6d.; 3rd class fr steerage Return (valid for two months) 3rd class d Pldooll 19s. SPECIAL 10 DAYS EXCURSION TICKETS: ird clads A saloon 16s. 6d. : 3rd class it steerage Is. 6d. M. LANGLANDS ZS SONS, 14, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER. BROWN'S BUILDINGS, EXCHANGE, LIVERPO 01

MR. FRANK H. CROSSLEY, Conductor Warrington Musical Society, Au., will resume his teaching engagements in Warrington, on Moneay neat, September 18th. Terms &c.—Addre,s: 22 Lot.dos Grove, Princes Park, Liverpool. 3,r HCBI-NEWCOMBE GIVES LESSONS in VOICE PRODUCTION, SINGING (Italian method), Pianoforte, Theory, Harmony, Thorough Baas, Counterpoint, Composition, Candidates prepared for Exams of Associated Board, Royal Coll., and Royal Acad. and Trio. Coll., London. Pulpils have always taken first place at Exams. in Senior Singing, and have obtained highest exhibitions T.C.L. for Great Britain and Colonies.-21, Whitelield rd., Stockton Heath, Warrington.

S. SAMYicK,

HIGH-CLASS LAUNDRY, 18, WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY,

WARRINGTON.

COUNTY OF CHESTER.

NORTHWICH PARLIAMENTARY DIVISION. REGISTRATION OF PARLIAMENTARY ELECTORS, COUNTY ELECTORS AND PAROCHIAL ELECTORS, 1911. XTOTICE !S HEREBY GIVEN that JAMES 111 ANWYL THEOBALD, ESQUIRE, having been appoisted one of the Barristers to REVISE- THE Lrsts OF ELECTORS in Parliamentary Elections within the North Wales Circuit, will rash. a Circuit and hold Courts for Revising the Lists of Parlia- mentary Electors, County Electors, and Parochial Electors, and also of the Separate List of Persons entitled to be elected Members of the County Council of the County of Chester, though not entitled to be on the County Electors Roll of the said County, for the NORTHWICH DIVISION of the COUNTY OF CHESTER, at the several times and places following, that is to ray : For the several Parishes and parts of a Parish in the following Polling Districts, : ASTON-BY-SUTION POLLING

•DISTRICT-

Aston Grange. Anton-by-Sutton with Middleton Grange, Dutton and Sutton. HALTON POLLING DISTRICT—HaIton, Norton and Stookham. RUNCORN NORTH POLLING DISTRICT—That part of Runcorn called Runcorn North. RUNCORN SOUTH POLLING DISTRICT—That part of Runcorn called Runcorn South. y.wroN POLLING DISTRICT—CIifton and

Weston. ON THURSDAY, the 28th day of September neat, at 10.30 o'clock in the Forenoon, and at 6 o'clock in

, - the Evening ou the same day. At the Magistrates' Court House, Runcorn. For the several Parishes in the following Polling Districts, viz. : WINSFORD (OVER) POLLING DISTRICT Over. WINSFORD (WHARTON) POLLING DISTRICT— Wharton. ON FRIDAY, the 29th day of September next, at 11.30 o'clock in the Forenoon,and at G o'clock in the Evening on the same day, At the Magistrates' Court House, Over. For the several Parishes and parts of Parishes in the following Polling District, viz: MIDDLEWICH POLLING DISTR ICT—Bostock, Byley ; that part forassrly known as Croaton and Ravesscroft ; Clive, Kin:tenon ; that part formerly parts of Kindertoiscum•lialme and Newton • Middles ich ; that part formerly the Parish of Middlewich and parts of the Parishes of Byley, Kinderton-onm-Hulme and Newton; and Stanthorne. ON SATURDAY, the 30th day of Septemter neat, at 10 o'clock in the Forenoon. At the Town Hall, Middlewich. For the several Parishes and parts of Parishes in the following Polling Districts. viz. BARNTON POLLING DlSTRlCT—Anderton, Barn- ton, Bartingt. n, Cognhell, Coasberbach, Little Leigh and Marbury. DAVENHAM POLLING DlSTRlCT—Davenham. . .

Elton, Leftwich, Moulton, Whatcroft ; that part: formerly koovrn as Om Pariah of VlPatcrolt. MARSTON POLLING DlSTRlCT—Budworth Great

- N ORTON ICH (CAISTLII) POLLING DISTRICT— Hertford, Northedch • that pert formerly the Urban part of Hartford, and Perish of Castle Northwich. NORTHWICii (LEFTWICH) POLLING DI&

TRlCT—Northwich ; that part forret rly the Urban part of Leftwich end Par:sh of Nortbwich. NORTHWICH (WITTON) POLLING DISTRICT—. . _

===== 0002601_19110916_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
(-41 Ont LAti amin

NO 1600 or NY EiILTUREIALY., SEIPTIMWEIEft 16, 1911.

IT PO, J 14.71 d per Quarter es 6tl per Annuls Is. Id.perquartss credit.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
North% ids : 'that pert Wittoo-cum-Twambrc oks. INEAVERII AM POLLING DISTRICT—Acton and

forerly tw.;-1;;;;;I-of

We Have Just Cut Some Lovely Cheese.

Wm. OWEN & SON,

Family Grocers, I 13 SANKEY Street, • ' Warrington OEM MIIIININD

mama

FOR ALL THAI' IS NEW IN ART NEEDLEWORK GO TO JONES AND BARBOUR, LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S OUTFITTERS, AGENTS 1,011. CHILPRTIFE " UNDERWEAR. 36, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

" """""" saver m-cunk-bit ton. WINN IN hi TON POLLING DISTRICT—North-

wiob: that part formerly tit, Urban part of Winnington ; Wilmington : that part formerly the Rural part of Winnington : Winalogton : that Tart formerly known as 11allerecote. ON MONDAY, the 2nd day of October neat, at 10.30 o'clock in the forenoon, and at 6 o'clock la

the Evening on the same day on Tuesday, the 3rd Cay of October next, at 10.30 o'clock in the Fore- noon ; and on Wednesday, the 4th day of October next, at 10.30 o'clock in the Forenoon. At the Magistrates' Court House, Northwich. N.B.—All the Lists for the Rural Parishes will be revised on Monday, the 2nd day of October, and all Overseers must attend at the Morning sitting on that day. And

for all and every the Parishes, Townships and Places (if any) within the slid Northrrich Division of the County of Chester, for which Courts to Revise the Parliamentary Electors Lists, County Electors' Lists, and Parochial Electors' Lists therein, have sot

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— EDUCATION COMMITTEE. TENDERS FOR COAL. Tenders are invited for the supply of COAL to the various schools. Forms of tender may be obtained from the under- signed, to whom they should Ire returned by not later than Saturday, the 23rd September, 1911. J. MOORE MURRAY, M.Sc., Secretary and Director.

Education Office, Sankey Street, Warrington. 1211 September, 1911. CGt 'STY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— The Sanitary Works Committee are prepared to receive TENDERS for the supply of about 45 tons per week of Good Firing Slack to be delivered at Longford Depot in str.th quantities as may be required during 12 months commencing 13th October, 1911. The Contractor whose tender is accepted will be required to observe the recognised customs and cc nditions as to rate of wages and working hours pre- vailing within the district. Tenders, securely fastened, most be addressed " The Chairman. Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hail, Warrington," endorsed "Tender for black," and delivered not later than Saturday, September 30th, 1911. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. R. WILSON, Manager. Longford Depot, Warrington. September 13th, 1311.

hereinbefore been appointed. All Overseers and other persons whose attendance may be necessary, are herehy required to attend the said Courts at the several times and places aforesaid, at which the Lists of their respective Parishes, are hereby appointed to be revised, and all Overseers are required to produce in Court the Rate Books of their respective ' Parishes, containing the Poor Rates made and allowed during the period between the sth day of January,l9lo, and the 17th day of July, 1911, and to bring with them copies of their Lists, and all Notices of Claims and Objections, and other papers they have received, concerning the Registration of Parliamentary Electors for the North, ioh Division, and County and Parochial Electors of the said County of Chester. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Cheshire County Council. Chester, lird August, 1911.

ci) ~= 0

t w cn a o 7. ti

WEDDING PRESENTS. Magnificent Selection. Duplicates may be exchanged.

Christening Gifts in great variety.

Telephone 303 x.

(SZ mil = I#o li I'D WI f" -. owl

o P = (/) :!:: ci) Z.; _

0 ra E. C ...4 Om I, NMI

fD -t

===== 0002601_19110916_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR

GOOD TEA.

PRICES 2/2, 2,4, 2/6 and 2/8 per lb.

TIIE

NATIONAL TEA CO.,

16, LIORSEMARKET BT., WARRINGTON.

ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS.

The Cheques given with the Tea may be exchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent.

HEAD ESTABLISHMENT:

50, and 151, Friargate, Preaton.

Bales by Auction.

rp 0 BE SOLD BY AUCTION, 1. By Messrs. JOHN MAINWARING & CO., on Tuesday, 19th September, 1911? at 3 p.m. prompt, It the Patten Arms Hotel, Warrington, the following FREEHOLD PROPERTIES, situate at THELWALL, Cheshire, about three miles from Warrington, and about 11 miles from 111anehester _

I Lin' I.—A FARM HOUSE, known as the Bridge Farm, with good and extensive farm buildings and land, comprising a total area of Its. Ir. 37p. or thereabouts. Near lhelwall Station, and has frontages on high roads and on the Bridgewater Canal. LOT 2.—A plot of Building LAND situate in Waste- lane and Haltacre-lane, containing la. Ir. 3p. or there- abouts. .

LOT 3.—A plot of Building LAND approached bye private road off flalfacre-lane, containing a. Or. 24p. or thereabouts.

LOT L—A plot of Building LAND situate on a private road oil lialfacre-lane, containing Sa. Ir. 37p. or thereabouts, having a frontage on the Bridgewater Canal.

Lots 2,3, and 4 are all near Thelwall Station. LoT 5.—A COTTAGE and GARDEN, Weighing Machine, Cc:4oyard, Office and Stable, adjacent to ' Thelwall Station. LOT 6.—Two Semi-detached COTTAGES with good Gardens, occupied by Messrs. Hampton and Bowker. Also Wheelwright's and Blacksm.,h's Shops and Shoeing Forge, in the occupation of ll4mpton Bros. All situate in Thelwall Village, on the main hiah road. LOT 7.—A good HOUSE, outbuildings, garden and croft, part in the occupation of Mr. Scragg, and part in hand, situate on the main high road in Thelwall Village. Area la. 3r. 26p. or thereabouts. Lox B.—Valuable Building LAND comprising part of Thelwall Hall Park and other land with a cottage and garden. This lot lies between two main high roads with ample frontages to each. Area, 32a, Or. 23p. or I dash...bouts._ _ . .

LOT9.—Valuable LANDS for works, situate on the north side of and adjacent to the Manchester Ship Canal. Area. 37a. 2r. 16p. or thereabouts. LOT 10.—Valuable LAND for works, situate on the north side of the Manchester Ship Canal, and adjoining , the river Mersey. Area, 16s. Ir. 23p., or thereabouts. LOT 11.—A Small HOLDING, comprising House, Farm Buildings, and Land adjacent to the Manchester bhip Canal, and having a long building frontage to the Thelaall high road, now in the occupation of Mr. Arthur Morris. Ares, 15a. Or. Bp. or thereabouts. Lo 2 12.—Two good FIELDS, adjacent to the Man- chester Ship Canal now in the occupation of Mr. Arthur Morris and Mr. C. 11. Lloyd. Area, 14a, Sr. lip. or thereabouts.

Lox 13.—Two Semi-detached COTTAGES and Gardens, known a. Nos. 5 and 6, Sweet Pea Cottages, near Theheal! Station, is the occupation of Messrs Ward and Sudd. These are modern houses with three bedrooms and bath. LOT 14.—Two Semi-detached COTTAGES and Garden., known as No. 3 and 4, Sweet Pea Cottage., near Thelwall Station, in the occupation of Messrs. Kite and Brookes. These are modern houses, with three bedrooms and baths. LOT 15.—Two Semi-detached COTTAGES and Gardens, known as Nos. 1 and 2, Sweet Pea Cottages, near Thelwall Station, now in the oczupation of blesers. Kite and Richardson. Theee are good modern houses, with three bedrooms. LOT I6.—Two Semi-detached COTTAGES with Out- buildings and large Gardens, in the occupation of Mrs. Davenport, and Mr. l'hianix. This lot is near Tbelwall Station with along frontage to the highroad. LOT 17.—Two Semi-detached COTTAGES with good Gardena in the occupation of Messrs George Lambert and George Ainsworth, situate in Bell-law., within 3 minutes' walk from Thelwall Station. Ares, Ir. 19p. or thereabouts.

The above properties will be offered, subject to con- ditions of sale to be then read, in the first instance in one Lot, and if not so sold then in the above Lots. For particulars and plans, apply to the Auctioneers, Bridge-street ; Messrs. John %bite and Co., Surveyors, Bold-street ; or MOSSTII. ROBERT DAVIES acd Co.. Solicitors, Market-place, Warrington

===== 0002601_19110916_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Tel. No. 123

ESTABLISHED 60 TEARS (in Warring!,)!l

1,1. :`,;() 123.

E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd •ip ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON a BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean lell-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 5o per cent, in labour.

BRASS CASTINGS riv weight) ; Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, stc., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, Be. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, 011 Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING. Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. •

Heavy Machining and Forging dons -tsr the trade. Turning up to 13 feet diameter, Planing op to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-Inch stroke. Milling, Punching, She; r.ng and Bending., Pre,,ing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently de,aling with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during BO establishment over 80 years.

2 PREVENTS INDIGESTION

===== 0002601_19110916_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
REVISING THE LISTS.

COUNCILLOR H. ROBERTS RETAINS

HIS VOTE.

Mr. S. Gough Repudiates Spiteful Motives.

ALDERMAN PIERPOINT STRUCK OFF THE LIST

Mi. C. U. Marriott Wharton resumed his recision ,n 1 the Warrington voters' lists at the Town Hall on faturday morning. Mr. H. New again appeared for the Liberals and Mr. H. Hayes represented the Conservatives.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRIEST'S VOTE.

The Rev Michael Dowley, assistant priest at the Church of the Sacred Hrart, claimed a vote as joint occupier of the presbytery in Liverpool• Road The Barrister : On what conditions do you reside in the house? Are your board and residence part of your stipend? Claimant : My position is this. I am sent by the bishop of the diocese to the presbytery and it is on his authority that I have residence there. The Barrister : You have that authority without the consent of the Rector ?—Yes. He also resides there ?—Yes. _ _ . . . .

That privilege, of course, is in addition to any stipend you get ?—Yes. Is the Bishop the only person who has authority with regard to that Rectory house ?—Yes. Is it in the hands of trustees, s I whom he is one ?—I think that is so. It is freehold and there is co rent payable on cur part. It bag been bought out. The Rector pays the rats, and taxes in his name. lam sup- posed to contribute to them and indirectly I have to find ratea and taxes jointly with him. I have a salary from the Workhouse Hospital as chaplain, and of course it goes to him and he pays rates and taxes through these monies. .

Mr. Hayes pointed out that Father Rockilif was already on the list in respect of the house and there was no mention of a joint tenancy. Mr. Woodcock (assistant overseer) said the value of the house was sufficient for two vote.. . .

In reply to Mr. Hayes, the claimant said the Bishop bad power to send him elsewhere at any time, but he was generally mil) transferred once in live or six years.' The Bishop had equal power over the Rector. Father Rockliff and he (claimant) were the only secular priests in Warrington, and he supposed that was the reason why the other priests had not claimed votes—they were members of religions orders. The Banister : Has the Rector power to move you ? Claimant : He has not. . .

T.13-eitt7l;iate;-:- The only question is whether this is not, after all, a service franchise, because the person who l,us authority, under whom you serve, is the Bishop. It seems to me it is a service franchise in both cases. Mr. New : Would not that apply in the case of the Rector who is already on division one The Barrister t He may claim for other reasons. He is in possession of a livi g of which he cannot be deprived, except under special circumstancrs. Mr. New : My contention is that this gentleman Ims the same status ss the Rector. He is independent of the Rector and no-one but the Bishop has power to remove him.

The Barrister : The moment you make him indepen- dent of the Rector, don't you make him occupy the premises by virtue of service, the person under shorn he serves beiog the Bishop nho dots not reside on the premises? Mr. New said he thought that also applied to the Ecclesiastical Commitsioners and to mauy Church of England benefices._ . .

the Barrister : The Rector's occupation may be, in a sense, independent possession. 'Bre question of rates crops up in this case. I don't want to rake the point but there it is. _

Claimant : May I se) that all persons of my status in the Liverpool district have votes and I was on the register at ‘Vidnes in respect of a similiar claim to this. The Barrister : I see cases in the books where apparently it has been allowed but, for the life of me, cannot undeistand on what basis. However, I think I shall allow this claim. lithe matter crops up again, I shall certainly go more carefully into it. I have some little doubt, but twill allow it. (To Mr. Hayes) : You don't press the question of rates? Mr. Hales: 140 sir. .. .

===== 0002601_19110916_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
_-A BREEZE.

In another case a claimant who produced a rent book in support of an occupier's zlaim, was repeatedly pressed by the Barrister to give the date when he received the bock. No definite answer was, however, forthcoming. Mr. New protested that it was not fair to keep questioning the claimant in that manner. The Barrister: You must not talk to me about what

is-iiiiTtO -DZ. I 6rWe —aisTe-d-ii; each time he has carefully evaded ensnaring the ques- tion directly. Please don't interrupt me, Mr. New. The vote was not allowed.

f;-st;O-t-b-ei-c-as--e-he-ifarriaier said the rent books bore on the face of them the strongest possible evidence th.t they bad bEen "prepared." Mr. New : We have taken considerable pains to get to know tint the facts are correct. This man is the tenant and the landlady has sent a statement to that effect.

The Barrister : The landlady should come here. We can't take that evidence. _ _

Mr. New.:

It is n poor look-out for the electors.

The Barrister: Vey well, lam sorry for them. New So am I. ALDERMAN PIERPOINT'S CLAIM.

Alderman W. Pierpoint had put in a claim for • vote in respect of an office in Thelwall-lane. He did not, however, appear to snpport it. Mr. New mid the claim was an independent one by Alderman Pierpoint. Mr. Mayes objected to an sdjournment of tbe case, stating that the claimant, as an alderman of the borough, should have made it his business to attend at the proper time. The Barrister allowed the case to Amid over until Monday. CONINCILLOR ROBERTS RETAINS HIS VOTE • MR. COUGHS OBJECTION INVALID. PERSONAL FEELING DISCLAIMED.

Considerabie Interest centred in an objection lodged by Mr. Samuel Gough agsinst the vote of Councillor Henry Roberts. The ground of objection was that Councillor Roberta" has not occupied stables, as stated in the voters' list, in Lord-street, Latchford, for trade, business or professional purposes." Mr. Murch, of Liverpool, appeared for the objector and Mr. A. Browne represented Councillor Roberts. The notice of objection having been handed in, the Revising Barrister, after a carefully scrutiny, observed: It does not bear the complete date. Mr. March: Are 3ou referring to the Post Office stamp? The Barrister No. lam referring to this notice which says Ibited 18th August, 19—.' Mr. March : It is deed 1911, I think. The Barrister : No, it is not. The overseers' copy is dated, but this is cot. Mr. Gcugh : I was the one who sent the notice. I

want to see whether this is the copy. Mr. Gough was then handed the disputed notice but made no comment on it. Mr. Murch I undetstand it is admitted that notice of objection has been received by the person objected to, and if sou rule against roe en the point of the duplicate, I should submit to you that theorise of Norris and Pitcher entitles me to go on with the objection. I submit that in this case, the person objected to having received notice of objection, the miss I have mentioned gives me autism icy to atk you to allow mew go on with the objection. The Barrister (after consulting the case) : That is to prove the service, which in Ws case is not disputed. Mr. Much : To prove that service has been accomplished and to entitle the objector to go on with the objection. The Barrister : It the only object was to prove service, I dare say this case would apply. Mr. Murch : The only oh ject of the duplicate of the Post o.tlcs is in a me whaa the person objected to does not appear, and then the statute lays it down quite Clearly that the production of the stamped duplicate to you shall he evidence that service has been accomplished. The Barrister : I don't dispute that. Mr. March : In this case the duplicate is evidently not in accord with the notice that has been served on the person objected to. As it is admitted that the person objeeed to has received notice of objection, I submit that in that case you are entitled to hear me, and to allow the objector to go on with his objection. The Barrister : The objecti..in is not that the notice has not been served, but that it is no: dated—that it is had on the face of it. Mr. Munch : The notics that bus been served spoil the person objected to, tam given to understmd, is dated

- The Barrister They must both be dated. Mr. Murch tam submitting that the notice d upon the person objected to is dated. Mr. Browne : It is not. '1 hat is quits clear. The Barrister : The notice served upon the person objected to is not dated. Mr. March : If I may tee that it will shorten the ate considerably. The Barrister Where is the person objected to ?

.... Mr. Browne I represent him-. The Barrister: But where is be? Mr. Browne : Ile is not here. The Barrister Ile should be here. (Handing document to Mr. March). That is the notice to the person objected to and it does not contain tbe date. Ur. Murch (to Mr. Gonb) : Is that the notice you Sent?

Mr. Gough : Yes. Mr. Browne : This is a private objection and there- fore he must be rut to strict proof ot all his notices.

The Barrister : If you will leave that to me--- Mr. Nlurch : I am not seeking to get out of any proof. lam merely asking the objector if that is the notice

. - be sent. Mr. Gough : met is the notice. My writing is on it. I can identify it. The Barrister : I wait to know the point you miss about the date.

Mr. March I can shorten it. I shall not contest it any further. Mr. Browne : If that is the case, the claim is allowed and the objection dialllowed, I tike i Your II mour will see that on the notice of objection there are seven points of objection—namely that Mr. Henry Roberts ban not paid his rates, that he has been in receipt of parochial relief —(langhter)—and all the full objections set out. On the face of it, this in a Vexatiou, notice of objection and done purely out of ipite. The Birristar : I don't think you ought to say th.t. Mr. Gough : No. The Barrister : You need not interfere. i take it that there are political parties and they are both &onion, to be on the right elde with regard to vote., and cacti anxious to get the other off. Mr. Browne t It is not a case of tLat kind. They are loth on one side.

. . Mr. Gough: Mr. Roberta was at cne time registration agent of the Liberal patty. He made hundreds of objections. I ask Mr. Browne whether those were out of spits? The Barrister: Ido not attach much importance to that. Mr. Gough: It is • matter of Dullness. The Barrister (to Mr. Browne : Your application is

for casts: Mr. Browne: Yes, on every point—not less than 21. Gd. and not exceeding £5 on each point. Mr. March : What Mr. Browne has said with regard to this being a private objection is true. The objector unfortunately made an objection on this form without, supp:se, taking into due consideration that he ought to have struck out the grounds upon which he did not object. Ile has since given formal notice of with- drawal on all the grounds except 1 and 7, in accordance with the s'atirte, and having formally withdrawn, and can produce receipt at the Post Office of the registered letter containing that withdrawal-- The Barrister : la that correct ?

Mr. Brosne It was to late.. The Act says that the withdrawal must he made not leas than seven clear days from the reviaion and alsa that a copy of the notice of withdrawal must be sent to the Town Clerk. I understand the Toe a Clerk has not had one and this only came within six days. Mr. March : It is dated September Ist. It is now September 9 h. Mr. Browne : It must be seven days before the first Court day. Mr. March produced the Post Office receipt or the notice of withdrawal which, he assumed, would be delivered to Mr. ltoberts the some day. Ile admitted that the objectot failed to send a notice to the Town Clerk.

The Barrister : I don't think it mattered. Mr. Much : Ile has acted bona -6,19. He moot reek- ing to take any advantage. He was told he had made a blunder and that it must be withdrawn, and it has been withdrawn. If your Honour thinks, on the grounds remaining, that there is justillcation for granting costs, we must submit, but if I hid been allowed to go into the merits of the objection I should have given you such evidence as, I believe, would have convinced you and that you would have removed this man from the register, in precisely the same way that you removed Mr. Parr two years ago. Mr. Browne : The cases are absolutely different. The Barrister : If it is any information for the future, I may say that I have come to the conclusion that the case of Mr. Parr was different. That was part of a house. I understand this is a stable and a separate and independent holding as a tenement. We are not trying this now. I only want to tell you, Mr. Murch. gave it on the ground that It was a part o! a house and it came out of that ruling. But I havo formed a very strong opinion now. I am going to look further into it but I think I should have given it in the way I tell you, had the case gone any further. A tenement may exist quite independently of a part of a house and it is only In respect of part of a house that this " business, pro- fession and no forth "applies. I have gone carefully through all the statutes with a view to ascertaining the position. I could not understend it myself for • long time,but that is the cenclusion I have come to. Supposing I want to take a house in the town where! live and that I want it for some private purpose. Say lam fund of lathe turning or something of that kind and I cannot do it in my own place. no I take another house on purpose. That is not my busiuess or occupa- tion. Suppose I went to invite a few friends to play billiards with me and I have not the convenience to build near any house. Igo and take another house, put a billiard table in and enjoy myself. Surely it cannot be suggested that a man cannot do that and have the benefit of Hs tenement.

Mr. Murch : I was ping to submit, if the case had been tried, that awls a construclioa as you are putting on the statute smuld not be correct. The Barester : The word " inclusive" does not mean " comprises. " It means it ally not only be a tenement but it shall also include a case where there Is

a sub-division of the parts of a h;;;e:-;t7 m7;l7"n-i;; reside in a house but not have an jo.nt occupier, as en inhabitant householder. if two people cannot join, there is nothiog to prevent n householder letting his rooms—and lett log them under the occ:pstion qualifica- tion. That is what troubles me.

Mr. March arid the law mivie n great distinction between dwelling-house and house. " House " had been held to be a good description of a counting house or office and it was therefore necessary to separate the two things. The place in question was described ass tenement. No question of dwellinghouse arose at all. There was no inhabitant occupier on the premises. He (Mr. March) would have based his objr.ction partly upon the Act of Is7B (section 5) wh:ch stated that for the purpoeee of the Reform Act of 1832 and the Municipal Corporations Act " the terms house, ware- house, counting house, shop or other building shall include may part of a house where that part is separ- ately occupied for the purposes of any trade, bosiness or profession." Until recently the overseer himself did not know which part of the premises Mr. Roberts was in occupation or. It Was a part, not the whole, and therefore he submitted that under the section he had quoted it was part of a house. Mr. Browne : Are we not thrashing a dead horse? The Birrister : lam getting this or my information. This point arose and when I was told shunt it I spent a considerable amount of time—up to about two o'clock this morning—going through these statutes for the exprees purpose of teeing what there was in it. I am delighted to have this information from Mr. slurcb who is, in my experience, always well up in these matters.

. ----- Mr. Murch We should also have submitted that even though Mr. Roberts was nominally the tenant of this place—a fact we do not admit—he bad no occupa- tion as owner or tenant as required by the Reform Act or the Municipal Corporations Act, in as much as occupation means an actual user and en acturl occupa- tion for the purposes of trash, business or profersicn. In this case 1. believe we should have given you evidence that beyond occasionally running a motor car into this coach house and occasioaally having a donkey in the other one for the bens& of a little child, Mr. Roberts does not use these premises at all. Therefore, on those grounds we should have submitted that he did not occupy the premises for the purposes of any trade, business or profession, because they are really in the occupation of the Warrington Slate Co., Ltd. 1 submit that it was a bona fide case for inquiry and that Mr. Gough was perfectly justified in making an objection. If you feel that be should so mulcted in costa because of a little slip which has caused no inconvenience to anybody, then, of course, we shall submit. Mr. Gough was then sworn. —. •

The Barns:or objection? Mr. Gough : You kno-v that you cbjected to Mr. Parr being on the lint two years ago. That created, to my mind, a question as to whether Mr. Roberts was qualified. I have to go into Letcbrorchevery week on business and I peas these stables—sometimes two or three times a week. I know Mr. Roberts personally— have done fur thirty or forty years—and I have never men him onoe during the qualifying period, either with bin carFfirga—.

How elms you to make this

The Barrister : ain't go into this. I don't think it matter.

Mr. Gough : During that time! have never teen him coming into the stable or using it for his motor Cit. He has dote sway with his horse and cart. Toe Barrister : What has it to cl,l with you ? Mr. Gough : Well, we thought Mr. Parr, who hes bef n a benefactor to the tows, who gave Parr Hall, which cost thousands of pounds, only claimed a simple vote and Mr. Roberts is on the Town Council—Why should he be on ?

The Barrister : Don't meet me with another question. What has it sot to do with you? Mr. March : T must really protest. This man has certain rights in law and he has exercised them. So far es you are concerned, I submit it is not a relevant question to ask what he has got to de with it. Mr. Browne: It is a question of costs, as to whether it is a vexatious objection or not. Mr. alurch : I have endeavoured to show that it would have teen by no meats a frivolous or vexatious objection. Mr. Clough I hive nothing personally against Mr. Roberts.

--- -- The Barrister : If Mr. Gough tells me now that be was simply asked to do it by a political party, I should think that was a much more sensible state of things than Mr. Gough taking It up. Mr. Gough : I have not been asked to do it by a political party. I have done it because I did not think be had sufficient qualification, and if one man should be put off on that account, why not the other? The Barrister : I don't know up to now, but now that wears dealing with this tnestion—it won't make any difference to me—Mr. Parr syss a Conservative, was ha? Mr. Gough : Yes. The Barrister: And M-. RolJerts is on the other side?

Mr. Gough : I don't know that. (Laughter.) I should take him to be Conservative. (Laughter). Mr. Murals : If your HODOOS is oeekios the political complexion:, of the parties, this man is a Libersl. Mr Browne : They are both Liter/OP.-Mr. Roberts and Mr. Gough.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TERRITORIALS HAVE A WEEK-END CAMP.

4-'hotoJ

L. E. Ardern,

WARRINGTON TRANSPORT AND SUPPLY COLUMN EN ROUTE TO KNUTSFORD.-A BALT AT 800 GREEN.

The Warrington Compel y of tLe West Lancashire Transport and Supply Column left their headquarters on Saturday for a week-end camp at Knutsford. Tents were pitched in the Knutsford Show field on Saturday evening and soon the cooks were busy making puddings by moonlight ready for Sunday's dinner. All food and other necessary camp equipage was carried on the transport waggons. Two sosp'cious looking beer barrels were conspicuous but they only cont iined 36 gallons of drinking water. The officers present were Captains J. Picton and R. Roberts and Lieutenants Eric Fairclough and Robertson. Leaving Knuisrord early on Sunday morning the route home was by way of Lymm where a halt was made and a camp formed and all horses tethered and fed in the remark ably i.mart time of 45 minutes. After a rest during the heat of the day camp was again struck and Warrington reached in the early evening after a most instructive and interesting expel ience.

Mr. Gough I question whether Mr. H berts is. He doesn't act as one.

The Barrister If be slid he hai been asked by a political agent to make Us., objection, that would be nothing. It In done every day—in fact it is part of the machinery of of the registration courts. II It he tells me he has done it on his own account. That is what I want to get at. If this is private spite igainst Mr. Roberts, becante you don't like bins—and it looks uncommonly like it—that alters the complexion of of affairs altogether. Mr. blotch : I assure you that is not the come. Mr. Gough : I don't wont to injure Mr. Roberts. I I never tried in my life to injure him. I have got no object in injir:ng him. I would rather light him at the elections.

Mr. Murch : I think your II)nour knows me sufficiently well to know I would not lend myself to a dirty piece of spite. When this case was brought to our notice, the objection hiving been mule, cur advice was asked as to whether be had reasonable grounds of objection. We were satisfied that he hat but at that time we were not aware of the absence of the date from the objection, otherwise I would not have been troubled with the case. It is a boos .fide objection on bona .fide grounds. The Barrister : If they are both Conservatives—the one already struck off and the present one—it is unaccountable to ma why anybody should object unless be did it fram same personal motive. Mr. Briwae May I ask same questions on this question of spite? The Barrister : Yee, I think no. Mr. Mum% : Da you mean An to CIStS ?

The Barrister : 'Yes, there is absolutely nothing else, became this is a case that is fit to be argued at length, and to go to the Court above and to all the Courts where it could go. It is a most important question that involves nice points of law and the con- struction of the statutes. If it had been argued, it would hove been a very good thing for everybody, whoever won. But still you may ask him questions. Mr. Browns: You were prosecuted some seven years ago for weren't you.? . .

'The Barrister': Tor -; tie has finieel with that. Mr. Brown.: Didn't vu attribute that to Mr hoberts principally ? Mr. Gough r Nut a bit of it. I did not know that Mr. Roberts had anything to do with it. Mr. Browne : Don't you object to everything that is brought up in this Council Chamber ? Don't you oppose at every inquiry by a L:cal Government Board inspeator ? M. Gough : What has that got to do with Mr. R Aorta ?

_ . The Birrister : That does not matter. There are two or three excitable individuals on every Town Council. Mr. Gough : Of course. (Llughter ) Mr. Browne: Mr. Gough is not on the Town Council. The Barrister: fie has been though, haso't he? Mr. Browne : Many years ago. —. • . . . .

The Barrister: You assure me there is no personal feeling against Mr. Roberta ? Mr. Gough: Not at all. • —. .

The Barrister : You sty you thought as Mr. Parr but been struok .ff, Mr. Roberts ought to go too. Mr. Cough : Of course, he cught. . . .

-a The Barrtiter : You have been sworn and say that is your sole reason for doing this. Mr. Gough : Yes, sir. The Barrister: Whatever the Court of Appeal might have said afterwards I should have decided against you, if the foots ore as they appear to be. Of course, I cannot say until I have heard them. If there is no vindictiveneae, it ice proper case to he fought. Mr. Minch : There is no vindictiveness.

The Barrister: No, I shall not make any °Her for co,ta.

FINAL SITTING.

ALDERMAN PIERPOINC STRUCK OFF THE LIST.

At the final sitting of the Court on Monday, the Barrister called attention to the claim of Aldermen W. Pierpoint. Mr. New said Alderman Pierpoint would not appear and he wished the claim to he withdrawn. The alderman's mune is therefore struck off the list. LODGER VOTE ALLOWED.

Samuel A. H. Mackey, of Crosfield-street,was granted permission to te-open his claim for a lodger vote which the Revising [Humor refused on Friday. The Barrister : I understand the point was that you had two rooms. We thought the bedroom would not be of sufficient value, supposing that to be all you occu- pied. There was soma doubt as to whether you really had the role occupation of the sittiog-room. Your mother seems to have given some information to Mr. Woodcock's canvasser about that room—that the family occupied it at times. . . . .

Claimant I have approached my mother on that point, and she is quite prepared to take the oath that she at II sae as th tt I have the sole me of the two Moms.

The Barrages : It is not a Me of still swearing. Did she tell the gentleman who called that the family used that room_?

Claimant: She is praparei to state that she told him I had the sole use of the two room!.

Further question-Ai, claimant Mid be used the sitting. room for the purposes of his profession en an architect. The family used it with his permission but he could keep an3body out if he liked. lie formerly had a lodger vote in respect of another house which was not rated so high as the present one. The Barrister said ta.t undoubtedly some mistake was made by the members of the family who were in when the canvasser called. After what the claimant had told him, he would allow the vote on this cccasion, bat it must not be taken as a precedent.

A REFUSAL. Jan Henry Booth, 45, Be‘sey-street, appeared to support his clsim for a lodger vote which had previously been refused- Mr. Woodcock said the rooms allotted to the claimant could not ha worth RIO a year.

The Barrister said he could not alter his decision. VOTES OF THANKS.

At the close of the business of the Court, Mr' Herbert Hayes, tn tehalf cf the Conservative Party proposed a vote of thauks to the Revising Barrister ' who, he said, had listened to the cases in a most kind acd patient manner. 'the work cf Cre court had been greatly facilitated by the admirable list prepared by Mr Woodcock end his staff and it was no doubt due to their services that the work had progresaed no satis- factorily. Ile thanked Mr. Woodcock, the Town Clerk, the relieving etllcers and all the strff for their help. He hoped to see the Barrister with tlem again next I year. 1 Mr. New seconded and said that was the first time he I had had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Wharton but in I his (Mr. News) opinion be had been mest impartial and had acted in the best interests of all. He was sure that but for the valuable aseistance of Mr. Woodcock and the assistants, the work would have been much more difficult thn vras the case. Ile was glad that no contentious cases hat, been brought forward by the ugents nod he hoped that next year they would art have tk bring any cases that would cause trouble or anxiety. The arrester, in replying, raid that his duties bad been wry easy indeed although if he had not received such valuable assistance, be was sure that the duties would have been more difficult. Hs thanked Mr. Woodcock the 'town Clerk and the staff for their services nod said that be hoped to meet therm all in the b wit of health next year.

A defrodect who raid be bad " cuffed" e dog was told by the Manchester magistrates tbst if the do gwrs dangerous he should tell the owner to call it to order. tt But be is as dal serous as his deg," replied (It fesdant.

. •." . ` ,ii ~. . ~.. • .: , . OW .. , / 4 ' glir, it . . "Pl* 4 • t .. -,, • - it/ ,4: „kr- ~, , ~ r ii„. . • ~ . , , - k • 4( ', - i 1 I r p i ~'t eji •- ' . . , 1 i t.ge ..... 1 111 4't / A . Ii

===== 0002601_19110916_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
OPEN-AIR POLITICS.

THE LIBERAL GOVERNMENT'S WORK FOR THE PEOPLE.

Mr. New and His Critics.

The successful open-air campaign whioh the Warrington Progressive Labour League has conducted during the summer months is GOV/ drawing to a close, but it is intended to hold indoor meetings In the winter. Public interest in the League's propaganda has been splendidly maintained and each Monday has found a large and enthusiastic crowd gathered round the plat- form at Bridge Foot. There wee another interesting end highly encouraging meeting on Monday evening when Councillor Middleton, of Oldham, was the chief ape her. Mr. .1. MORTON, who presided, said they were there to propagate Liberaliam, which they telieved to be the "jam " for the working-classes. The Liber.l Govern- ment was working pre-eminently in the interests of the labouring classes and it seemed to him extremely sad that at the present juncture, when there were so many upheavals sod

ATTEmi.rs ON THE ['ART OF THR WORKING ( LASSES TO GAIN BETTER CONDITION', that they in Warrington were tied down very largely In the discussion of the fiscal question. The Borough Member had initiated a sort of campaign which seemed to him (the speaker) to be absolutely absurd. They all know how businesa w in conductad and that any business man, whether Liberal, Conservative, or Labour, had to deal with men on business lines, and to buy in the cheapest market. They were, however, being told by some of their friends that they should etiy from their own people in Warrington simply because they were giving labour apparently to Warrington people. They could not conduct business on philanthropic lines or they would soon come to grief, and he did not think the workingdosses as a whole would swallow what the tariff " reformers" told them on that subject. (Applause). Councillor MIDDLETON began his speech by con- gratulating the %Warrington Liberal Association upon the excellent provision it had made for open-air propaganda. .0 purchasing that admirable van they had saown an igaterprise which other Liberal asiocia- tions would do well to copy. ([tear hear). Ten years ago politics were talked about for a few mouths in the winter tirue. Now they lasted all the year round, and the curious thing was that people took an interest in them all the time. The reason was that the politics of to-day had come right down isto the homes and doily lives of the common people. John Bright declared that in every country they found the real life of the nation in the cottage and if the light of their legislation did not shine in there, it was a failure and a mistake. That expressed the reason for the extra- ordinary interest that was at present being taken in politics. Ike

JIG UT OF. LI!3ER L LEG I I.ATION

was shining into the homes of the people and would continui to do so. (Applause.) We bad had proof lately of the existence of the " common " man—the man who got his living by the labour of his hands and the sweat of his brow. We were too often in the habit of looking upon the so.called unskilled workman as somebody of no account. Anybody, it was said, could do that class of work. That, however, was a totally erroneous idea. The " common " man had shown his importance—and he (the speaker) rejoiced at it—by giving up work fora few &vs. Ile had proved that he was capable, by merely sitting still, of upsetting all our social arrangements and of interfering with our food supply. He (the speaker) was glad the "common" man had asserted himself. All labour, in his judgment, was skillvd, inasmuch as the man who did it regularly could always do it more efficiently than the man who was not accustomed to it. Liberalism, continued Councillor Middleton, stood for

POLITICAL LIBERTY, NATIONAL EREEDONI AND SOCIAL

!QUALITY.

_ A party which had such watchwords and meant them all, W 49 the party that workingmen would do well to support. (Applause.) Within the last six weeks we had witnessed the most remarkable, the vastest eaten- sion of politioal liberty that had been seen in this country for seventy-nine years. The Reform Act of 1832 laid the basis of English democracy. Before then the Government of thin country was carried out by • few people who dirt not go to the trouble of consulting the many. The wee was that the wealthy, the high- born, and the highly-educated ought to have the right to tell the other people what laws they must have and what taxes they must pay. That idea was not quite extinct, even in these days. Although there had been extensions of the franchise and most householders now had votes wewere not, until quite recently,a self-govern- ing people. Bills which had been approved by the people's representatives went up to the non-elected House of Lords and were either rejected or spoiled. The Liberal party, however, determined to

PUP AN .END-i 0 THE TYRANNY AND OPPRESSION OF TOE

HOUSE OF LORDS.

(Applause). The tite.Mberti—oTt.l37 Upper House bad always pretended that whenever the people at a general election hid given their votes in favour of apart icular Bill, the Lords had bowed to that decision. the Lords were bound by their own logic to pass the Parliament Bill, which received an unmistakable mandate front the electors, but instead of bowing thsy " b iw.vrowed." (Laughter.) Referring to the Hughligan outbreak in the House of Commons, Councillor Middleton remarked : "We have often been told that there are two parties in this country—the gentlemanly party and the other. Now we know which hi which, and we five very glad that we don't belong to the other." (Ltughter and applause) Instead of acceding to the wishes of the people immediately, the Lords tried to drive Mr. Asquith and the Government 0 the farthest corner. However, they misjudged Mr. Asquith and when the proper time came, they found be had the guarantees and was prepared to use them. We had now to rejoice with one anotler on a great extension of the liberties of the people. In future the Liberals would have a chance of getting their Bills through on some- thing like fair nod square Hoes. (Applause). In the pant Bills had been compromised when they were horn, in order to try and make them acceptable to the Lords. The Liberal party was never more in earnest than to- day. The Parliament Bill was a

BOLD ANI? COVI!AGILOCS NIEAS, RE

and the people now knew the Government had beenplay- not for a draw but for victory. (Applause.) The party mouth in future be judged by iho use which it made of the powers DOW placed at its disposal. Liberalism had always been on the side of small nitionslities. It held that every nation had a right to manage its internal affairs, through Ps own representatives, in its own w ,y. (Applause.) He ((he speaker) was a Home Ruler before Mr. Gladstone took up the come and be had not seen anything in subseq lent events to cause bin to alter his conviction. (Applause.) The only way hy which the grievances of Ireland could be satisfactorily solved Was by ?minting to that ' country a Parliament for tha management of its I °sin affairs, with an executive responsible tn it. Oar I governmental machinery must he made effective for the purposes which it was intended to serve, but at present it was not suitable or convenient for the curry. hg out of the wishes of the Irish people. It san trim. that ITALIA elected 105 members of the House of Commons, out of a total of C7O, but before those members could get what their coustitutnts wantel to be carried through, they had to ccnvert a sufficiest number of Englishmen, Szotsmen sod ‘Velshamo to enable them to do it. That wane clumsy arraggement. (Hear, bear.) If we were to GOVERN FREI—AND ACCORDING TO IRISH IDEAS, we must allow Irish ideas to fled expression through Irish instate-it an. (Applaise. Refer:ins to historical

precedents, Councillor Middleton said we bad only retained Australia and Canada as British Colonies by granting them Home Rule, vud we lost the United States by refusing it. South fries was also a happy instance of the healing effects of self-government upon antagonistic races. Home Rule was undoubtedly one of the issues of the last elect for the Prime Minister publicly pledged himself thr t. if he received a Moinfrity he would pass Home Rule Ireland. (Applause-) If the question was not before the country, it was not the fault of the Opposition who made free use of posters about the "Dollar Dictator" and " Shall Britons be sold for foreign geld ?" (Laughter.) The fact was that all ths Tory objections to Home Rule were before the country, but the people took no notice of them. t Applause.) Alluding to the social question, Councillor Middleton dealt at some length with the beneficent legislation of the Literal Government for tha children and the aped. They considered the great mass of the workers were also entitled to some help, and ass great deal of poverty was duets sickness, the Government had brought in a great scheme of national insurance to safeguard the health, which was

===== 0002601_19110916_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREAT AV:FAITH Or THE NATION.

. (Appisuse). Included in that measure was an organised and scientific attempt to deal with the plague of con- umption. Councillor Middleton cute-el into some of the details of the Bill and concluded with the advice : Insure with Lloyd-George sal trust the Liberal Government. (Loud applause). Mr. E. WYNNS-JONES said the members of the Pro- gressive Labour League intended to continue their campaign until they bad won back Warrington for the progressive cause. (Applause.) Wages seemed to be the absorbing question of the present day. Tariff reformers had mucS to may on that sebject and the Labour and Socialist parties were lighting for

A MINIMCM.WkGE OF :309.7.A .VVREKt

He said frnt-ii-y—that he ;els with the Socialists in that propaganda hut he was afraid a minimum wage of 303. was not coming just yet. He did not think the Socialists themselves expected it yet, but there was no harm in raising their standard high enough, even if they eventually had to accept something lower. But even a minimum wage of 308, would not be roach use if the cost of Evict; was to be continually rising. They must deal with the land question before the position could be satisfactorily adjusted Tiny must transfer taxation on to the broadest backs, so that those who craild afford most would have to contribute the heaviest share of the burden. (Hear, hear.) Improved land laws would don great deal to solve the unemployed prnhlem. It was no use discussing the fiscal question. We had

WORSE TAHItTF3 AT HOME

_...._.._ ---..... than any foreigners could heap up against us. Tariff Reformers said" Tax food stuffs," but Liberals replied "Too land, for it can vrell stand it." (Applause.) He hoped that now the Liberal party had got the question of the House of Lords out of the way, they were going to deal with the great social problem. They had got to do that if they Intended to fulfil their promises and remain in power. If he (the speaker) thought that the Liberal party was not going to tackle the andel problem he would cease to be a Liberal, but be had every confluence in the earnestness and enthusiasm of the present Government. (Applause.) He would like to see some

===== 0002601_19110916_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
TREFORM OF THE RATING SYSIENI.

Et should be made absolutely im-p-ossitie-fo'r the great profits from tramways, gay and electricity to be used for any other purpose but the reduction of charges, 90 that the people who paid should have the full value of them. lie wanted to see the taxation of ground values, 90 that the landlord who received most should pay the largest share of taxation. Ile also wanted to see industry made freer than it was at the present time' Ninety per cent of the pauperism of this country was traceable directly to strong drink, and when the question of the poor rate came to betaken into account. he would like to see the great brewing industry saddled with 75 per cent of the cost. (Applause). Mr. HARRY NEw said the other side were getting to such a low ebb that they were resorting to very questionable tactics. He stood shoulder to shoulder with the members of the Progressive Labour League in their campaigh on behalf of the masses and in favour of Home Rule for Ireland. If there was one thing that made him proud of Liberalism to-day, it was th 3 fact that during the past six years it seemed to have advanoed not 5 or 10 per cent. bur, 100 per cent, on the Liberalism of twenty years ago. He believed that Liberalism to-day stood for better conditions for the children, a brighter outlook for the women in their home and workshop environments, and for a general advance in the well-being of the rank and file of the workers. Some people said that Liberalism was as bad as Toryism. He dare say their friends who were carrying on a CAMPAIGN IN TUE ORFORD AND ST. .JODN.S WARDS would say " Put not your faith in Tories or Liberals." (Hear, hear). " Hear, hear," said one honest man. Ltanghter). Victor Grayson used to take up that attitude but when he got to the Rosso of Commons he realised that questions must be tackled on Pane and common sense lines if there was to be any real advancement for the workers. Hot-headed actions and the 'allaying of orponents did not pay. They could leave snob conduct to the Tories, but Socialists ought to be above it. The men who were fighting for the municipal representation of St. John's and Orford Wards were simply selling the Liberal chances to the Tory nominees. They had not a dog's chance of winning either of the seats. If sane and moderate proposals had been brought forward by the bodies for whom they were standine, he believed a much more satisfactory position would have been arrived at and one of the candidates would have been returned to the Council. Continuing, Mr. New said he

===== 0002601_19110916_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOK IT AS A COMPLIMENT

that the Tory party had indulged in so mu At abuse since he came to Warrington. Toe louder a man barked, the harder he was being hit. In a copy of the " Women's Unionist and Tariff Reform League Gazette," which had been sent to him anonymously, he fonnd the following paragraph : "Is it true that Tom Bubb is in Warrington and that he attended the tariff meeting at Town's End on Saturday last? Poor old Tom ! He is in for a lively time and we are inclined to feel sorry for him." He (Mr. New) assumed that was intended for hint. If it meant that he resembled Tom Bubb, he replied thst he was not ashamed to resemble any honest workingman. (Applause.) Another paragraph read: "We hear that a Radical speaker who attended our crest meeting at Town's End on Saturday lent, with the intention of making himself a nuisance, bed a lively time when the meeting was over. We wonder if ha will venture iris?" Half a dozen half-drunken women and about 200 children, continued Mr. New, followed him up 'Dinneen-lane, hooting and hissing him, but he did not open his mouth. That was the sort of treatment that the Liberals had to contend with. If the meltable-1i of the Yeomen's Tariff Reform League were proud of scci conduct. they were welcome to any satisfaction it nfforded them. Repining to another anonymous critic, Mr. New said he adhered to his stale sent that when the Tariff Reform b inns were seat out for the collection of Muds for the children's trip they were either un-labelled or the labels were hidden no that people who were asked to contribute did not see them, until a month before the, picnic. The Liberals of Warrington, continued Mr. New, were

===== 0002601_19110916_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
FIGHTING TO WIN

in spite of the great interests tha.. were arrayed against them. They would not rent content until they had seat Mr. Harold Smith back to Liverpool and returned a man who really represented the working. classes as Warrington's member. (Applause.) Sir Gilbert Greenhill declared at the Town's End meeting that he Wen prowl of Mr. Harold Smith, hut les, than two months ago he said he was proud of Mr. Nib ur If he was proud of Mr. Balfouv, he could not be proud of traitors to Mr. Hawn or of Hughligens who howled downs man who, whatever his faults might he, was nlsay, courteous to opponents. ( Applause.) Dealing with food prices, Mr. New said that no Liberal Government for tha past Sixty yearn had added an extra fart'aing of taxation on the food of the workers. Food 'renewing more to day in consequence of the great combines which were determined to have their pound of flish. (Applaus.).

===== 0002601_19110916_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCISHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS.

An attractive series of rcholsrships and exhibi ions is offered by the If docation Commatee of the Lancashire County Cotticil for competition during next year. There are SnU junior exhibitions, restricted to children attending public elementary schools, and 100 open junior exhibitions, and 15 scholarships are offered, and for art subjects ten sxhibitions and three scholarships are open for competition. Music claims fire exhibi- tions and two scholarships, whilst a number of student- ships, exhibitions, scholarships, and prizes are offered for efficiency in agriculture and cotton technology. There are spacial szholarehips for women in the study of domestic economy nod midwifery. Provvidel a efficient number of candidates present themselves, examinations for the senior and junior exhibitions will be held at Liverpool, in adlition to many other parts of the county. All cindi 'Also most be the children of parents who have been for at least six months immediately preceding the date of the eximina• lion resident vrinin the county.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
ALDERMAN JOHN EVANS

An Old Athlete and a Municipal

Worker.

The current issue of " The Licensing World and Licensed Trade Ite•iew," contains a photogregh of Alderman John Evans, a member of the general council of the Licensed Victuallers* Defence League, and also la view of his establishment, the Ball's Head, Church- street, Warrington. Alderman Evans (states an accompanying biographical sketch) was born on November 12th, 1511, at the Ballu Head Hotel, and is therefore in his sisty-seventh year. Ihe family have occupied the same premises for four generations, and the aldermen entered into possession in February, 18i. Ile was educated at Spring House Academy, and served his apprenticeship as an engineer with Mr. K. Kitchen. Scotland Bank Ironworks, Scotland-road, and was after- wards employed es shop foreman for tla Messrs. Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company. Limited. From an early age he took considerable interest in athletics, and at the Warrington Sports held In 1848 won not only the 100 yards race but the 120 yards hurdle race and the running high jump, tie running long jump, and the sparring and gymnastic competitions ; and the alderman can yet hold his own in the matter of self-defence. In the second standing jump competition he was besten by Alderman William Pierpoiut, but he obtainei the medal for being the best athlete in the club. He has worked hard to pro- mote the success of the Warrington Football Club, and be was a member of the council for several years and president for one or two years. Ile was appointed the first president of the Warrington and District Bowling Association, and in this c inneetion it may be interest- ing to note that the Bull's Head club now holds the championship of the Larceshire end Cheshire Bowling Association, as well as the championship of the 'War- rington and District Bowling Association. Ile bas been President of the Warrington Licensed Victuallers' Association for the last nineteen years, and Is also vice-president of the No. 3 District of the Licensed Victuallers Defence League, and a member of the general council. Ile is one of theoriginal members of the Gymnsaium Committee, and has been in office since the erection of the building, so that it will be seen he is a great believer in the old Latin motto, " Mens sans in corpora moo." His connection wish the Council had been a useful one. Elected a member in August, Is9l, for the Howley Ward (beating Mr. James Bat tersby by one of the largest majorities ever recorded , he entered upon his municipal duties with considerable seat, and on July sth. 1904, succeeded the late Mr. Robert Heaton as an alderman of the borough. lie wns Deputy-Chairman of the Cemetery and Sanitary Works Committees in November, 1895, being subsequently appointed chsirmin of inch. He is now Chairman ct the Water Committee and Deputy-Chairman of the Caw Committee, having resigned the position of clisirman of the Sanitary Works Committee after seven years' service, owiag to the new Standing Order a bich was passed on November 9th last. On his resignation a special vote of thanks was pessed by the committee recorded on the minutes, and no illuminated copy pre- sented to the alderman. Ile is a member of several other committees, and his technical knowledge v.ith respect to engineering has been of extreme value to the Corporation. Mr. Evans is not actively associated with any political party and poses as an Indevendent. He is much respected for his straightforward, msnly, end independent attitude, and has served his native town faithfully and well.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
I KNOW CUTICURA CURED ME.''

"I have been tortured :or the past five years with a bad skin disease. I attended the licspatal for two years, off and on, with it. The last time I attended for five months without success. My hack, chest, legs, arms, scalp, in fact all over, were covered with the eruption. I could not sleep at night nor rest in the daytime. My back was a smother from neck to hips with hundreds of spots sod nasty sores. They worried me and tortured we so I felt as though I could tear myself to pieces. I showed some of my work-mates, sod they raid that they never saw anything so bad, and they know how I was worried and tortured by this terrible itching skin disease.

I bad tried many remedies without any use, but finally I started using Cuticura Ointment and with the very first application I was relieved and had no itching at all. Then I got a good night's sleep which I had not had in weeks. Within a fortnight every- thing had completely disappeared as if by mag power, and I have bad no tr,uble since. I know that Cuticura ties cured me, and I strongly advise those who suffer with any skin trouble, however bad it may he or whatever other remedies may have failed them, to give the wonderful Cuticura Remedies a trial. I believe their cure will be effected, not for a little while but kr good, for Cuticura bad one of the worst cases to tackle when it cured me." (Signed) G. J. Dance, 27, New-road, IBrentford, Middx., May 19, 1910. Post free, from F. INewbery and Sons, 27, Charterhouse Sj ,London, samples of Cuticura Soap and Ointment, with 32-p, book on skin treatment.

TIDIPERLEY OPEN TOURNEY. WARRINGTON PLAYER'S SUCCESS.

For the Opsu Amateur Competition at the Tamperley Golf Ciuh's links on Wednesday, the entrants numbered 66—a record.

—Toe ..Cina—te—ur Cap wis won by H. L. H ride°, a voting Warrington player, who returned net scores of 76 and vO. He also tied for the gross prize with Dr. Holt (Heaton Moor) end A. Critcbley 'Fairhaven), but he decided not to play this off. Critchley won the prize. The second net prize was woa by A. R. tharlley (Wit Errol)), wllb 157.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
QUALITY AT LAST.

Result of t'le Veto Act.

The Lord Advocate, speaking in Kilmarnock on Monday night in support of Mr. Gladstone, mid for the first time in living memory the Liberal party mere chin to get theircontrowersial bills throtO Parlisment with almost as much ease as their politica opponents had •Iwass been able to peas their hills. NJII was the time for them to press toward with social legislation. The Government wore bound to intervene in the recent strike as they had dons for the sake of the national weal. The Government would repeat their action in the same circumstances at the rink of losing olize.

DEATH OF AN OLD EARLF:STOWN EMMEN T

The death occurred on Thursday evening of last week at 148, Haydockwtreer, Eaileatown, of Mrs. Clarke, widow of the late Mr. John Clarke, who was. well- known Earleetown tradesinau, and who was at one time Ci.airman of the Warrington Mara of Guirdiana. Deceased was SO years of age, and had survived her husband ciao 3.ra.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
, ----- 04 d ourß-FILL , 2 ~„....„„, A , TtILLTIC

Notes by " Ovalist. '

With the arrival of the Kangaroos this week, the question of Frawley is coming to the front. Quite possibly it may create something of a sensation in N.C. circles before it is settled. Already there have been s'atements published in Manchester newspapers which not only convey a d','orted view of the facts, but indicate that our Colonial visitors will not relinquish the player without some trouble.

There is no question now ns to his being with the 'touring party. As a matter of fact he has been provisionally selected to play in the oneniog match at •Coveotry neat Saturday. A quotation from the Australian " Sun" in another column gives details of Frawley's rend-off and a letter in the " Sporting Chronicle " of Thursday from one of the tourists discusses the whole question of his appearance in Englund. -

Tho following extr,i—et from the letter will, no doubt, be read with interest :

THE FRAWLEY PROBLEM. MOSE Northern Union football followers are aware that there is likely to be trouble over the playing of Dan Frawley, the speediest wing three- quarter back in Australia. Before Frawley was selected to accompany the team there were whisperings of shoals ahead, and correspondence passed frequently between the English and the New South Wales bodies. The Englith side were staunch in the attitude that Frawley would he unable to play for any team with the exception of Warrington. But the New South Wales body must have been just as satisfied that he could turn out, otherwise Frawley would never have been sent 13,000 miles on a wildgoose chase. From what Frawley nape, it would appear that in 1909 he returned to England from Australia, and signed on with the Warrington club for one season only. When the contract was fulfilled—at least Friwley thought it was—he went back to Australia and played for his old club, Eastern Suburbs. The Warrington club " kicked up a dust" and contended that Frawley was their men until they transferred -him. On the other hand, Frawley declared that his contract with Warrington had expired, and he was free to play wherever he wished. THE COLONIAL OPINION. From what one could gather from English files and letters received at Naples, Frawley is still the slave" of the Warrington club, and will be until he iv" sold "to some other master. This traffick- ing in players is the one deplorable thing in con- nection with professional football. It will never gain a hold in Australia. where what is known as -the "electoral "system is in vogue. Certain defined boundaries are set apart, and a man to play for that district must have a residential qualification of six months. But if a person comes from another -State or country, a few weeks will mike him eligible for the club be desires to join. Frawley's case is peculiar, and it is hoped will be smoothed over as quickly as possible. It would indeed, be unfortunate if the controlling bodies were to get at loggerheads before the tour began. Frawley states that when he signed on with Warring on the New South Wales Lsague asked for a transference fee of £25, which the Warrington club had never paid. It does seem hard to under- stand thatibecause a rnan contracts to play with a club for one season hia football career should be always controllef by that particular body until such time as it " sells " him to another club. Surely if a man signing for the period Frawley evidently did wished to change his allegiance he should not be hindered. The matter is certain to be threshed out as soon as the Australians reach England. Frawley would be a big ions to the visiting team which has fifteen forwards and only thirteen backs with it. There is no question about tha keenness of the -tourists to play Frawley, whom they consider their beat three-quarter now that Messenger is out of the ranks. The Warrington man has improved consider- ably since be sea here, and played brilliant football during the season just ended in Australia, and one can sympathise with the Australians in wishing to retain his services for the tour in England. But rules are ru'es, and there is no question that Frawley is Warrington's player until he is transferred or given permissicn to play with the Colonial team.

The Colon'al authorities were informed by the N.C. before their team was picked that whilm in Eagland Frawley could play for Do one but the War- rington Club, so that they took the risk with their •eyes open in bringing him over. The letter above practically admits this, and I can only presume that the Colonial managers are hoping to conduct negotia- tions on the spot which may be fruitful. If they can- not spme Frawley, neither can Warrington, ) were quite willing t t bring Frawley over themselves and sign him on again for this season. It has been suggested that a compromise might be affected by which Frawley played for Warrington and was released for the Colonial " test" matches, of which there are three. There is something to be said for the suggestion, if it is workable under the rules, and agreeable to the parties concerned. Warrington could easily spare the player for a few of ,he tourists' big games, as the tour concludes on January 13th, when there is still nearly half the

===== 0002601_19110916_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
season

There is one statement in the letter above which is untrue, and unfair to the Warrington Club i.e. the statement that Warrington never paid the £25 transfer fee to the New South Wales League. As a matter of fact Warrington paid 3:50 for Frawley and O'Malley in December, 1900 the money being handed over to the Northern Union for the N.S.W. League.

The team selected by the Tourists to meet the South and Midland Counties N.C. players at Coventry next Saturday is : Back, W. seill (N.S.W.) ; three- quarter backs, A. Broornham (N.S.W.), H. Hallett (N.S.W.), H. Gilbert.:(N.W.), D. Frawley (N.S.W.), or C. Blips°ll (N.S.W.) ; five-eighth, W. Farnsworth (NSW.); halfback, C. WKivat (N.S.W.) (captain) ; -forwarde, C. Savory (New Zealand), E. Courtney (N.S.W.), C. M'Mortrie (N SW), P. 11• Cue (N S.W.), (vice-captain), P. Burge (N.S.W.), A. Francis (New 'Zealand).

And now for more local matters. Warrington -failed at St. Helens pretty badly on Saturday. True, they were only beaten by ten points to two and ought to have scored more, but they never looked like winning. St. Helens were not much superior in skill, hut they had a younger and more energetic team and quite overplayed the Wirepullers,particulariy forward. Warrington had a big advantage in weight, but too many of the men have lost the. enthusiasm and fire which they posaessed in youth. This early defeat went to show that the policy of building up a vounger and faster team must be steadily persevered with.

There was a surprising lot of excitement at Knowsley-road. The home players were determined to win, and they went into the struggle with so much vim that Warrington were on the defensive for the greater part of the game. Tilley was great in the rear, and fielded and punted in fine style, but when it came to running he, of course, was a spectator. Llayd had to work the pack for Creevey, and was a failure : indeed it was surprising that the ex-St. Helens man played so well considering that he was well watched and that he missed the robust play of Brooks at the _base of the scrum. Ile three 9narter line was exceedingly weak as an attacking force largely because Dickenson had an off-day and his want of speed and dash were more marked than usual. Unsworth did pretty well, but Woodburn and Brooks were both starved and "marked." In fact the latter was marked with a beautiful black eye before the finish. Some of the Sainte were anything but gentle in their methods, and ne dto look out for squalls when they come to Wildman° The referee, Hr. Whiteley, was also anything but a brilliant success.

-- To-day the Wirepullers are at home to Hull, and should record a victory, if current form and past history are anything to go by. Hull lost both their opening matches, and the defeat at home by Halifax la,t Saturday has made desperate men of them. They will try hard for victory to-day, and the Warrinaton men will need to improve vastly on the display of last iisturday if they are to capture the spoils.

It was hoped that One or two changes could have been made ut the team, but injuries and other causes compel the Committee to depend on practically the 441110 thirteen for the present. Waywell's foot Is not quite tight, and the new men are still beibg angled for.

The s :kneed team is :—Tilley, full back ; Bradshaw. Dickenson, tinsworth and Woodburn, three quarters ; Brooks and Creevey, half-backs ;

IJohnstm, Shugars, Canters, Skelhorn, Thomas and I Naylor, forwards.

Th." A" team juniors comfortably accounted for St. Helens " A" but unfortunately Ike Taylor got hurt. Critchley. Brocklehnrst, and Povey all showed considerable promise, and have been retained in the team to journey to Millom to-day. Clare and Carter (who sustained a broken arm last season) are als included. One of the best of the young forwards, Arnold, is not quite fit yet.

- Temn : Jomlan, fullback; Povey, Critchley, Carter and Clam, threequarters ; Lloyd and Daintith, half backs; Harmer, Bradshaw, Gibbs, amen, Brocklehurst and P. Boardman, forwards.

REPLY TO A CORRESPONDENT.

A Member" writes to protest against Frawley being tiansferred to Hutt. I can assure him that there is no such proposal under consideratim by the Warrington Committee at present. My correspondent also thinks that if Morgan and Polson are not going to be played they ought to be transferred " for a considet ation."

The N.C. League matches for to-day are: Hull Kingston Rovers v. Batley Bradford v. Keighley Bramley v. Coventry Ebbw Vale v. Broughton Rangers Dewsbury v. Wakefield Trinity Halifax v. Rochdal Hornets Hunslet v. Huddersfield Warrington v. Hull Salf,rd v. Barrow Oldham v. Leeds Wigan v. Leigh Runcorn v. Widnea Swinton v. St. Helens

===== 0002601_19110916_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

G. T. P. G. T. P Huddersfield Hunale 6 7 33 Ebbw Vale Halifax Dewsbury I 5 17 Bradford North 0 1 3 St. Helene 2 2 10 Warrington 1 0 2 Batley Wigan Rochdale Hornets 1 0 2 Raucous Widnes Broughton Rang.— 1 1 5 Salford 0 0 0 Oldham 3 3 15 Leigh Barrow Keighley

LANCASHIRE CON BINA LION.

6 Widnes A 1 0 2 5 Pemberton

27 Leigh Shamrocks 0 0 0 -- 9 St Helena A 0 1 3

1 1 5

6 Salford A.. 15 liozAlale H A...

===== 0002601_19110916_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
Wigan Highfield— Oldham

Wigan A We ',ROD A

_ .ilarringto.. Broughton A Runcorn A ....

===== 0002601_19110916_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Fall at St. Helens.

There were —hopes, locally, that Warrington would repeat their victory of last season on the ground of the Saints. but Saturday's match proved a disappoint- ment. Warrington were supported by about 1,000 followers, and an enthusiastic crowd of 8,003 lined the rails. St. Heleos were fully represented, but Warring- ton bad to substitute A. Boardman for Skelhorn in the pack, while the absence of Bradshaw re.ulted in Lloyd coming in at half aol Brooks going on the wing. The team could hardly be cousidared any weaker by the exchanges, and ought to have made a better show in the scoring than it did. The weather was again very hot, but both teams stayed the pace wonderfully welL The teams and officials were:—

St Helens—Turall, back ; Barton, J Greenwood, Molyneux and Flanagan, three-quartet backs ; Scholes, and Trenwitb, half becks; Ben Briers, Prescott, Mavitty, Pops, Les and Butterfield, forwards. Warrington—Tilley, back ; Btooks, Dickinson, Una worth and Woodburn, three-quarter backs ; " Matt " Creevey and Lloyd, half backs ; Cheaters, Johnson, Thomas, Shugars, A Boardman and Naylor, forwards.

Referee, Mr .7 W Whiteley, Halifax. Touch judges, Messrs H Naylor, Wigan, and R Acton, Widnes. The Saints were early on the aggressive but a free kick drove them back, and the Warrington forwards taking up the running soon had Turtill in difficulties. Creevey tried a short kick and followed up, but the salad carried the ball too far. Warrington maintained an aggressive position bat the combination NVB3 poor and St. Helens gradu illy forced the game at the other end. Creevey again got the ball away, and it travelled across to Woodburn who was well watched by Flanagan. Dickinson and Brooks both made efforts to get clear which were characterised more by vigour than skill, and a smart rush by the ;home forwards nearly settled the Wirepuller? aspirations to open the scoring. Prescott and Briers raced down the field together, end the latter looked all over a scorer, when Matt Creevey rushed across and saved. Then Greenwood got away and passed to Lee, who was forced to yield to superior numbers. However, an interesting movement in which Flanagan, Treowith, Briers, Pope, and Lee took part, and in which all were more or less injured, resulted in Lee opening the score for St. Helot:6,Bnd Turtill kicked the goal. Some flue exchange kicking left the advan- tage with Warringtor, but not for long, as Greenwood and !Wavily got away with Flanagan in attendance. ralavity was brought down, but when the ball came loose Flanagan snatched it up and scored. Faulty play by Alta Creevey and Brooks rasultsd in a good chance not being utilised, but just before the interval Thomas kicked a penalty goal for Warrington. Half- time: St. Helens, S points; Warrington, 2 points. , When the second half opened, the pace was not by any means as fast as it had been in the first half, in which the players had had a lot of gruelling. For a time the play was somewhat tame, and then a round of passing enabled the St. Helens backs to reach the Warrington quarter, but there was a quick change when Uusworth broke away, Red when in a good position he pawed to Diokioson, who must have been grievously disappointed when he knocked on with the line at his mercy. Tilley failed to play the ball after being tackled and this enabled Turtill to add another goal to the St. Helens score. Lloyd and Brooks changed places but the Warring'on men could not get going, though the forwards shaped pretty well. Tilley bad a very busy time facing the wind, but he defended finely. Os one occasion the ball was sent past him by Molyneux, but Unsworth came to the rescue and kicked de id. Near the close both teams came near scoring again. Prescott being tackled close in. Warrington had the worst of the game to the end. Final : St. Helens, 2 goals 2 tries (10 points) ; Warrington, 1 goal (2 paints).

===== 0002601_19110916_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT GAME AT WIDNES. KINGSTON ROVERS BEATEN.

Played at Widnes, before 6,000 spectators. At the ' outset the game was vary evenly contested, but after the first quarter of an hoar Widnes got on the attack, ' and a brilliant round of passing by backs and forwards ' looked like ending in a try, but when Aspsy was only a few yards from the has his paea was intercepted. ' Carmichael failed to stop a forward rush, and Cosgrove scored near the corner. Jones augmented from a difficult position. Dilcock made several good spur along the wing, but his efforts carte to nought. Half- time : Widnes 1 goal and I try (5 paints); Hull Kingston Rovers, nil. Toe second half was greatly in favour of Widnes. Early on Noon dropped a very neat goal. A break- away 14 Stumm put Hull on the attack. and Widnes being penalised clo3e in, Carmichael had no difficulty in placing a goal. The Rovers never really became dangerous after this, while, on the other hand, Widnes were very unlucky not to score again. Result : Widnes 2 goals and 1 try (7 point), Hull Kingston Rovers 1 goal (2 points). Teams and officials : Widnes—Jones, back; Lawa,Lally, Reid,and Swinton, three-quarter backs ; Noon and O'Gara, half backs ; G Aspey, S Aspey, Lloyd, McCarthy, Johnson, and Cosgrove, forward,. Hull Kingston Rovers—Carmichael, back : Dilcock, Moore, Thomas, and Brain, three-quarter backs ; SUrTa4O and Craven, half backs ; S iodate, Speckman, Huskies, Blakemore, MoDonald and Hartley, forwards. Referee, Mr R Robinson, Bradford. Touch judges, Messrs li Lowe, Brougatoo, and F Ratcliffe, Swinton. RUNCORN'S PLLTCKY FIGHT AT ROCHDALE. A crowd of over 8,000 assembled at ths Athletic Grounds to witness the first home match of the Hornets. Runcorn had the benefit of the sun in the first half. Brinker, the Hornets' left winger, Was carried off injured within twenty minutes of the start.. Even with only five men in the front rank the Ilornets attacked persistently, but Shaer defended brilliantly, and twice tackled Jones rind West on the line. Severe) passing movements produced no result, and at half-time the score was nil. be second half Runcorn never looked like scoring but their &temp was something to be admired. Macy attacking movements were frustrated within close proximity to the Runcorn line, and it was not until ten minutes before the finish that the Hornets were enabled to take the lead by Paidon kickieg a ' rand goal from thecentre. Baxter was the outstand- ing p`arer for the Hornets. Result :—Rocbdale Hornets 1 goal (2 points), Runcarn oil. Teams and , officials : , Rochdale firiroists—J Baxter, beck; T West, R ' Padden, J Robinson, and J Bamber, three-quarter backs ; R Schofield and E Jones, half backs ; T Woods, W J Roman, J Fitzsimmons, J Deaden, E Jenkins, and ; A Turner, forwards. Runcorn—G Shaw, back ; T Woods, P O'Kell, .1 E ; Stevenson, and T Deakin, three quarter becks ; J W

===== 0002601_19110916_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Lewis and S \Tattoo, half backe ; A Peacock. 3 Williams, A Richards to, T Donoghue, R Massey, and R Pedbury, forwards. Referee, Mr F Renton, Hunslet. Touch judges, Meson W 0 Johnson (Solford) and F Mille (Oldham).

LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WA RRINn lON A v. ST. ill- I.l' NS " A."—A large crowd assembled at the shone snitch at Wilderspool on Saturday to witness the , initial appearance of several local youths who have shown prominence in the practice matches. Toe game opened fast and interest- ing, a good amount of combination being witnessed on both sides. Althohigh Warrington were oftener supplied from the packs the backs continually held the ball too long instead of supplying the wing men. Taylor eventcally obtaining possession near the half-way line beat severcl of the visitors bccks and bluffing the custodian by a sham paw, concluded by scoring under the posts. Gibbs, however, missed the goal kick. A hot pace wesstill maintained, and tha home team were hard pressed. Taylor was always in the picture and seemed to inspire enthusiasm in the younger players. The " Wirepullers " eventually wore down the opposition, and from a well-time pass from Taylor, Shak,straf t forced his way over the line. Half- time : Warrington, 6 points ; St. Helene, nil. The second half lacked the ho lipase o f the first and the absence of Taylor through an injury to the foot, seemed to take all inheres, cut of the game. After a neat run Posey soma d for the home team. while the visitors also obtained a try, this concluding the scoring. On the home side Taylor was undoubtedly the pick ot the backs. Shakeshaft executed a number of clever runs, and Povey seemed to gain more esnfilenee lathe second half. Clare was not at home as the custodian, although he showed good judgment as far as touch-kicking is con- cerned. The home halves were a superior pair to the visitors, hut the home forwards lucked the dash of the visitor&

===== 0002601_19110916_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION MEETING. New standing Order.

At a n.ecting of the fletTeral Committee of the Northern Rugby Union, held at Iluddertfield on Tues- day night, a new standing order was made as follows : —.Chat the rules of all junior and intermediate lesgue, and competitions uner the authority of the Northern Union are accepted only on the cvnditions that clubs and pla3 era have the right to appeal to the respective county cAtmittees culls deposit of ono guinea, such appeal to be made within fourteen days of the decision of the League or Competition Committee against which the appeal is being made." '111101dt:8m Club asked for a ruling on the following question A defending side are penalised ten yards from their goal line. Tie attackirg aide take the kick at goal. Ihe bell strikes one of the defending players (who is standing on the charging line with his back to the kicker) and goes over the nvad WI lire. Should a dead ball be allowed, or should the ball be brought back and scrummaged where it touched the defending pla3er ? " Answer : The tall should be brought tack and scrummaged. The arrangements for the reception of the Australian team have been considerably modified. The team is expected to arrive at Plymouth this Friday, and they mill afterwards proceed by train to London. It is yet uncertain whether the banquet in London' given bv the brother of the president of the New South Wales League, will he on Saturday or Monday next. The Australians' executive purpose after the banquet to send up the selected team to Coventry to train there during the week, arid the remainder of the party will go direct to their headquarters, Gordon Lodge, Southpolt.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
TEAM TO MEET AUSTRALIANS.

At a meeting of the Emergency Committee, later, the following team was selects] to represent the Sout) and Midland districts against the Australisna at Coventry on the 23rd inst. : A E Wood (Oldham), full back ; W Cook (Salford), E Ware (Dewsbury), T Robinson (Rochaale), and J Houghton (Coventry), three-quarter hacks ; A White (Oldham) nod Beynon (Coventry). half backs ; A E Avery (Oldham), T Woods (Rochdale), D Wy burn (Hunslet), W Hutt (Coventry), T Herridge (Hull), and F P Oldham (Coventry), forwards. Reserve forward, L &aver (Coventry).

===== 0002601_19110916_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
AUSTRALASIAN LEAGUE TEAM. _ Weights, Ages and Heights. Forwards Average 13st. 41b. Following are the names, weights, ages and heights, of the members of the Australasian Rugby League Team which is due in England on this week. Age. Height. Weight. Backs: ft. in. St. lbs. W. G. Neill ,(1!1:§.W) 26 5 7 10 6

. . C. Frazer (N.S.W.) l9 5 10 7 D. Frawley (N.S.W.) 26 5 12 2 C. Russell (N.S.W.) V. Faroworth (N S.W ) 2( 5 12 0 11. Hallett (N.S.W.) A. Broombam (N.S.W.) F. Berecry N.S.W.) H. Gilbert (N.S.W.) F. Woodward (N.Z) W. Farnworh (N.S.W.) A. Holloway (N.S.W.) C. A' aivat (N.S.W.) 2 8 0 _ . 12 3

Forwards : W. Noble (N.S.W.) 24 5 9 13 4 P. M'Cus (N.S.W.) •27 6 0 14 2 J. Mu:ray (N.S.W.) 5 0 12 13 C. Sullivan (N.S.W) W. Cann (N.S.W) R Craig (N.S.W) 2l 5 9 13 10 A. M'M urtie (N.S.W) 23 5 111 14 K. Courtney N.S.W) R. Stuart (N.S.W) H. Francis (N Z) C. Savoury (N Z) G Gillett (142) R. Williams IN S.W) ...... 24 6 13 7 P. Burge (N.S.W) S. Darmaly(N.S.W) Average weight of backs, lleL 10Iba. Average weight of forwards 13st. 4lbs. Average weight of whole team, 12st. 71b. THE RALLYING CHORUS. WAR SONG OF THE KANGAROOS. The Australasian League teens have chosen the war song of the Kamilitroi tribe for their rallying ohorus:— Murr-ah-wub, goo.le-ab, ben-ah-gid-ee, tignea-aun-ee (We can jump like the kangaroo) Will-sh-wirr-ab, burr-an-aid-se (Fly like the wild duck) Burr-an-dah, curr-ah-dill-ee (Cling like the native bear) Dhrou-001-coo-lee-ah, coo-mul-lah-rgoon-gul (Fight like the snake) 800-ha-ngrea-anna.r-man, coo-mni-Ish-ngoon-gul (We come to fight you) Tul-ah-wee-ar, dhi-ar-null-ee, wail-wirr•es, nag-gun- nun (For honour and glory, no bad feeling) Too-rall-dhill-ee,woll-un-do-wan-gan (the best man to win. We gs hard at you). Coo-mull-gee-wung-gus, nur-ah-raso-gah.mul-ah-gal- lah (Maybe to down you when fight is over) NArr-sn-osk-ng-nsa-naurr-oo.lin-whos (We psrt best of friends).

===== 0002601_19110916_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
FR 4WLEY'S POSITION.

The Australian League cable the Northern Union to ask if D. Frawley. the ex-Warrington three-quarter back woula be allowed to play for the "Kangaroos" if selected. As this is a distinct breach of the transfer laws and the implied agreement the Northern Union cabled back a refusal.

FRAWLEY THE FASTEST MAN.

..... Frawley is the fastest man in the present team. He is brilliant on attack and his previous experience on English grounds will baa great advantage. He won the 100 yards championship of the Kangaroos and beat everybody who challenged him in the Eastern Suburbs Championship. He is even faster on the field than on the track and he handles the ball well.

SEND OFF TO I'RAWLEY.

Dan Frawley, the League selected Eastern three- quarter on tour, prior t, his departure for England, was the recipient of a handsome travelling rug, the gift of his fellow workers at Moin and Co's, hide and skin store, Kent-street.—The storeman, Mr. Franbarg, in handing the presentation, remarked that he hoped it would keep Dan's hide warm like the fur does ton winter bunny in his furrow, and that he would return safe and sound to the Land of the Golden Fleece with the same reputation as he leaves it, the bounding kangaroo ; and so say all of us. From the Austral:an "San."

===== 0002601_19110916_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET AND BOWLING.

Cricket Notes. The Warrington club brought the season to a close a somewhat inglorious fashion on Saturday,

lewton-le-Willows 'defeating them on their otirt ground, with five wickets in hand. It is only fair to point out that the home eleven were without the services of their professional, whilst the bowling *as farther weakened by the absence of W Bennett. Going to the wicket first the Warrington men were all dismissed for 110—a poor score on a good pitch. J. Callon made the beat individual display, his contribution being 28. Newton made a poor start, three wickets having fallen for 31, but T. Marsh and W. Dudgeon placed a different complexion on the game, the score having risen to 78 before Dudgeon was out leg before. Marsh distinguished himself with a fine not out innipga of 52.

Grappenhall achieved a creditable victory at the expense of Runcorn " A," the respective tot4ls being 72 and 3L G. Toulmin batted well frr 25 for the victors audit's° took eight wickets.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON WORKS ASSOCIATION.

ANNUAL HANDICAP.

Thin hand;cap advaneed another on Saturday on the green at the Club's headquarters HON, and Jockey Winwick-road, the whole of the postponed games being concluded. Results : J Firth, Cockhedge B Regan, Fletcliers Jas Armitage,P tt K w.o D Davies, Wcron. abs IV Walker, Richmond's— 11 T Lsle, Fletebers J Fletcher, P & K w.o J Jolley, Corporation abs S Massey,jun Whiteeross 15 J Hankinson, Genings 7 R Sunderland, P& K l5 .1 Jefferion, Crosflelds 9 Jim Batton. Wbitecross 15 .1 Lawless, Hylands It Dantelr, Whitecross w.o W Ceddick, R'monds...abs H Ha[ford, Ropery w.o W Clare, Longford ...ate W Patrick, Greening, l5 A Pennington, Firth... 13' R Savory, Itylands l5 W Robinson, Corption 9 G Monks, Rylands w.o. W Bennett, P and K...abet H Potter, Rylands w.o. T D,iev, P and K...sbn C Littlewood, P and K... 15 Ald. Heaton, %Peron 7 J Ashton, Fletchere w.o. W Ashton, Ryland...ANL C Lunt, Fennel-fitteet ... 15 Rich. Belford, Hopery 13

I- hot° I 11

Names left to right. —Top Row : F. Twiss. H. Massey, W. Onions, A. Puce, L. Hogg, S. Wray. 20c1 Row : T. Heesom, C. Gritton, H. Johnson (hon. treasurer), F. Shaw. A. Caldwell, J. Beswick, T. Dobson. 3rd Row: W. H. Evans, J. Scattergood, W. Houghton (hon. secretary), J. lkurie, J. Shillcock (vice-president), H. Heesom (capt.), G. F. Hattm (host), H. Hopki. s. Bottom Row: J. Buchanan, W. Swann, W. Bereeford, T. Helmick.

The season just brought to a close will rank as one of the most successful ever experienced in the annals cf the above Club. With a strong membership, favoured with a fine summer which has ailowed of more actual bowling time than many years, and a green which reflects the highest credit upon the landlord, Mr. G. F. tlaiton, the club have every reason to feel well pleased with season 1911, which was rounded off in excellent style on Saturday when the closing main was decided. It was an ideal day for the competition, for which there was a numerous entry for the handsome prizes which were Ia ing presented to the succes,ful competitors. Some fine bowling was witnessed. After the weeding out process the semi-fivalists turned out to be: —H Twigs, 6; J Buchanan, 13 ; W Swann, 5; W Bought n:l3. J Buchanan and W Houghton es ily earned the right to contest the final. The latter, however, proved too good for his clubmate by 13-10 after some fine bowling.

J Thomason, Lockers l5 T Humpbreys,Rylanda 7 A Field, Castle E Shaw, Fletcher* l5 H Boscow, Ryland' ... 11 H Eyes, Ryland' l5 W Middletos, Howley 7 J Gilbert, Orford r Egerton, Whitemoss... 15 A Lester, Monks A Cleave, Whitecross ... 15 A Wilson, Lockers l4 11 P Bate, Rylands w.o. 'l' Horabio, L .1.; N-W.aba. :.1 Houghton, Whitecroas 15 .1 Parsons, Crosffelds 11 J Howarth, Naylora C North, Cockhedge H Bromley, Loogford J Clare, Greenings l5 13 Shaw, Itylands 3 Steil, P and K l5 W Smallwood, Ropery 4 ft Tilling, Rylands l5 Eli Hoke, Whitecroas 5 W Ditchtleld, Howley J Warburton, ltylands w.o. R F Anderton,L&N Webs W Gregory, Cockhedge 13 J W Monks, C L C ... 13 T Quarrie, Firth l5 E Williams, Fletcher. 13 A Scott, Longford w.o. R Straw, Greenings ...abs C Jordan, CL C l5 W Cottste, Itylands ... 10 T O'Brien, Castle ... T Eaves, Corporation J Welsby, Greening* w.o. .1 Birchall, Houghtons abs T Hackett, Fletchers w.o. E Boscow, Rylands ...abs J Cleave, Corporation l5 S Leigh, Whitecross ... 13 J Bowdon, Orford l5 H INiddop, Rylands ... 5 S Ashton, Rylands l5 W Berry,Ropery l4 .1 Lister. Ryland' .........w.o. Jack Bate, Fletchersabs

•-: 0 - ....-• • ', . ~- oi, , • ° ' ..^ .w.-- ' F:i '''. f," '''''' .....' T ' If pe ' *••• Tt ... ....-- ~..... ..... Veil *•-• ' ".. IN 1 014-- V , I. - # ilt .'ci. : 1-7" 'il . ~ 11:. . .. , ..., .... lb i , 1 9 . Ilk , . . ~, . .

WALTON BOWLING CLUB, STAG INN, LOWER WALTON.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling Notes. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT BOWLING

ASSOCIATION. 13CLL's HEAD V. NORTH ASHTON FINAL FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP.

Under the new iule rf home and home gimes, the North Ashton hayinw pick d greens,dtcided to play at the Bull's Head first. Last Saturday brought together an excellent crowd. The green, which has had every attention, was in splendid order. Bull's Head con- quered last year's winners by 53 points. I hardly consider the total large enough to carry to North Ashton, but one cannot always tell.

A Gleave sot the ball rolling by winning 21-13 from J E Welsby ; 8 points to the good was business for the Bull's Head.

Jack Swanton did equely as well in capturing G poictr for his team, W Shaw found the green very difficult.

E Shaw defeated NV Ir-rwe 21-16, bat Lows must he complimented on the excellent game he played. He was sadly in arrears when the game registered 16-8 in Sharree favour, and only to be defeated by 5 points Fpeaks well.

Joe bi leave and George Davies gave a good display of bowling. It took 32 ends to complete the game, peeling constantly ; the game was cried 20 all. With a desperate finish Weave came along and drew the final end. Both players deserved the hearty cheering which greeted them.

Andrews cut up very badly against Ted liaselden. It was surprising to find Haselden always there on such a tricky green. It was good bowling that beat Andrews.

Tom Rigby proved his worth on the Bulls Head team in defeating W. Nekton by 21-11. --- Henry Eyes had a runaway game against F. Cart- wright winning quite easily 2-ft.

It Ins been arranged to play the return game at North Ashton on Septemler 30th Int.

Tom Ellison officiated at the dust guns last Eaturday.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

FRIENDLY MATCHES.

WARRINGTON V. NEW .Lc-WILLOWS.—TheTOR closing match of the Warrington season was played on Saturday at Arpley, when Newton-le-Willows were the visitors. Scores : WARRINGTON. NEWTON-LT-NV ILLOW S. J Callon b Harrison 0 Woodcock hit wkt b Marsh not out 52 Hindley 7 H E Daniels b Silcock 4 S Partridge b Harrison 1 CA B Amer c Chester B Silcock b Hindley l4 b Partridge 1 W Richardson c Cording- NV Cudgeon lbw b ley b Harrison S Baxter b Marsh NV V Turton b Marsh 9 b Woodcock 1 H Hawthorn b Hindley... 16 D Cordingley not out 8 Chester. c Harrison b W R Brown,T Wi`kin- Hindley 6 son F Bradsbaw, R A Duckworth not out Extras

Total 110 Total (for 5 akta).ll7 BOW LING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. NEWTON.

O. M. R. W. W H }Hadley 12.4 2 35 4 B Silcock ... 12 2 35 2 C A Bodmer 2 0 15 0 S Partsidge 16 2 42 2 F Harrison l5 3 41 3 0 Woodcock 6 0 13 1 T Marsh RUNCORN "A " V. GRAPPRNIIALL.—At Runcorn Scores : ReNCORN•' A." GRAPPENHALL. 1 T Hodgetts o Wick b T Woodward b Gold- Toulmin A Abram o Oakley b W Wicks b Goldsmith 4 Woodward P Cookson h Toulmin T P Baxter b Toulmin 0 more b Baxter 25 G Clark b Toulmin A Blllington not out 2O W Howard b Baxter ... 9 .1 Littlemore b Toulmin 9 P Oakley b Baxter 1 H Harrison b Toulmin ... 0 F Woodcock 0 Little- F Youd b Toulmin A Goldsmith c Johnson F Field not out 1 h Toulmin J Somerville b Smith F Parr b Bsiter ...... Estras

Total s7l Total 72 MANCHESTER AND DISTRI, T BREWERY LEAOCR.— Walker's Warrington, :1•• ; Corabrook Brewery, 43.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL

ORFORD Sr. JOHN'S V,./100RF,

At Moore. 1.. m :—Goal, H Britton ; full bap, A Meachen,Captsin), J Morton; ball backs, J Smith, F Wnittai,er aDd T Sudell : forward, T Bcarisbrick, W Stretford, F Horrocks, J Redford and W Smalley ; reserves, Hughes, Hamilton ; referee, G Tomlinson. Train leaves Bank Quay station 1.30 p.m. prompt.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
MATCH ON MONDAY AT THE BAR- RAC-KS.

A football match under Association rules will take place on Monday nett, Itith inst., whenOrford Barracks meet Tuebrook. Liverpool, in the lv Round of the Liverpool Mid week Hospital Cup Competition, on the Barracks ground at Orford-avenue. The kick-off is timed for 4.30 p.m. This should prove to be a very ' interesting game, es the teams are well matched. Lest season the Tuebrook club ran into the semi 'noel of the Competition.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAW FOR THE SECOND DRAW.

The draw for the second round took place at the close of the first round, and will be commenced to-day and continued neat Saturday. Bowlers will be allowed fifteen minutes' grace to answer their names and are requested to most the committee in the order of desratch. The draw is appended : SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16TH.

W Bibby, Greening Marsh, Whitecross 4 F Casey, Whymans J Simister, Longford I Thomason, Rytands F' Miller, Ryland!' 2 11 Allen, Ropery H Bennett, P end K EC. A Duckworth. Rylands 4 II Wareham, P and K 2 Jas Wrench, ltylanie... 3 W Savory, "Wands 2.30.

-J Brandwood,Longlord 4 4 A Warburton, Worms sc 4 J Whitecross... 1

Harrop, Ryland! H Taylor, Whitecross T Atherton, P and K

J Lawton, i' and K J (Knave, No 2 C.L.C 2 Id Bromley, Longford 4 T Massey, C'poration 2 N Dale, Longford 4 J Melbourne, Orford 2 D Armitage, No 1 PS.K 4 3.

J Oaket, Crostini& T Platt, Hylands P Cowell, P and K J Ashton, Fletcher' G Geo. Hatton, W'cross 3 J l4eaahall, Crostlelds H Dantieth, Fletobers W Andrews, Orford

- W Potter. Bylands Gleave, Wbitecross 110. A Scott, Longford 1 .IPlumpton, Grappenhall C W Hughes, P oni K ... 4 H Fairorotber, Gratis I. Gibson, Ryliands, or 4 IL P. Bate, Rylsorls 6 T Junes, Monks t J Hilton, Rylands 4 W Norgrove, Hyland. 2 Hardman, Guests Bros 2 1. Garner, Greening... 6

C Littiewood, P& K - S Shaw, jun., Tan. Co. I WI Cartwright, Worm's- 4 .1. E Rowlands, Winwick 2 or J .1 Jolley, Corp sc. J W Berry, Ryland@ E Gandy, Ropery .- I J Watson, Crosflelds H Cushworth, P& K 1 G Monks, Hyland' ... 2 J Hallam, L & N.-W .s_ W Hardman, P & K... 6

J Wells, Ryland, 2 .1 Thomason, Lockers... 3 W Roughley, Ryland, J Boyle, jun., Fennel-nt 4 3 Bradshaw, P and K... 1 1.1 Waring, Castle 1 J Bowden, o:ford 4 H Cook, Croatialds 2 ' S Welsby, Winwick 0 Shelia, Monks - .. •

A Glasse, Wynnas lii Fletcher, Houghton' 2 .1 Woods, Fletcher. R Locker, Roper; 3 W Walker, Itiohmonde I W Richardson, Orford 3 R Belford, Ropery ... 5 B 'filing, P and K 3 T Eaves, Corporation 2 J Fernicough,Cockhedge 4 .1 Hanley, Onppeahall 5 W Buckley, Mumma 3_l: Narroway, Roper;... 5

_ J Houghton, Wbitecross 1W Taylor, Naylor 4 H Ifignam, P .tc K 1 W Ball, Whiteeross ... 1 A Sheldon, Ryland' H Roughley. Rylands J Ravensoroft, Rylands 5 J Mather, Lockers 3 H Broadhurst, Ryland,.. 4 E Shaw, Fietcbers sc. J Rowlands, Orford ...... 3 T Edgertou,Whiteass 1 6.

W Sirellsnd, Cradlelds... 4 .7 Moo.,C.LC J Gilbert, Orford 4 W Bristow, Monks ... 5 R Jefferson, Moses T Grepon Penketb 4 U Carey, Fletcher' ... J C - Sunderland, 5..14 2 J Graham, Honghtons F Davenport Wbitenrom 4 II Lou.., WbiteCrOOS... 5 S kieRDAY, SEPTEMBER

J Dunne, Ryland' 3 W Patrick, Greeaiogs 2 J Broadburat. Rylauds— 5 H Eyes, Bylases ...... 2 I' Deep, Whltecrosa J Stewart, Hooks ..... 5 WCaldwell,"Guard int" 5 D Daniel*, Whitecroes... 2 It Barnett, P ted K C Taylor, Hylands 3 P Ball, P sad K 2 C Lunt, Fennel-street ... 3 S Ashton, Speeds 3

A Ford, Locker" —3—tV Bradshaw, Irerol4l 4 T Ataski11, ltylanes J Ashton, Filth S Oddy, Itylseds 3 W Greg4re,Cochhedge 4 T Taylor, ktylaads 9 A Thorley, tt'cross scr .1 Fillineham, Helenas 5 P Knight. Whyrnarer.. 4 W Bridge, C.LC . E Powaall, Grogan:lp 5 3.

Fl Taylor, Greening' 33 Welshy, Greeoings... 4 G F Rice, CJrporation 4 E Ciare, Longford ..... 2 3 Barton, Ropery 4 G Kuowles,Corporat'n 3

W St.okea, Crorfleldi 4 J Clare, Longford 4 W Aabbrooke, CL C 4 II DagnalL jun., Corp. 3 J Armitage. P end K 4 H Worsley, Rylands... 4 J Littierland, Walkers

W Randle., Fletcher. ... -iFF Lunt, Howley I H Langley, Ryland. II Brobbin, Croatlelds W Blackledge, P and K I J Sten, P and Is 5 F Shaw, Corporation ... 2 F Butch, Winwick 4 W Ditchfleld, Howley ... I W Potter, Firth ...... , W Langley, Ryland...—. 3 J Bolton, Ryland. 4 W Jones, Lockers 4 A Cleave, Whitecross no C Perry, Roper, CI Andrews, Orford A Field, Castle C Jordan, C.L.O 2 A Ecker.ley, C'hedge 3 J Davies, Fletcher' 9 J Lewis. Corpor.tion 3 J Gleave, P& K no Jae Hewitt, P & K 2 .

I A (Heave, P A K 4V Halford."Gtmrdian" Z. I H Sankey " Guardian" 4 T Wells, Walkers I P Emery, Ropery , E Blaokledge, nylons's... 1 A Ball, Pft K 3 I R Savory, Rybinsk llt Daniels, Whiteeroas... 4 Ike Dutton, R0P407 -- 6 0 Warburton, Ryland.... 5 J Clare, Greeni 4 ' J Singleton, Ryland' ... 4 0 Crosier, C.L.Q 5 5. J Appleton, Whiteeroas *cr. J Woods, Rylanda 3 W Worsley, Longford ... 1 Jobn H Dutton,P & K 4 A Ellison, Monks 3 Jas H Dorton, P and K 4 A Bromley, Longford J Whitfield, L A N-W 1 II) Jonea, Winsvick 3 G Clive, Ropery I 1 T Wynne, Fennel-street ST Sankey, Lockers 3 I.

It Jennings, Crosflelde Bennett, Itichmonds 2 T Thomason, Monks 3 W Simister, Longford 3 J Llettr, Ryland' It Williams, Ry lands 1 T Quarrie, Firth 2 W klalholland, Winwick 3 W L twton, Crotli dde 3 .1 Thtrupson, P and K ... 5 .1 laherwood,Fletchert 1 J Wot,d, I:ylaa4s

WARRINGTON ASSOCIATION. CLUB CHAMPIONdHIP. FINAL TIE. BULL'S HEAD v. NORTH ASHTON. The first of the home stri horns matches played hatneen these teams took glace on Saturday on the 'teen attached to the Bull's Head Club, Church-street. DAttits BULL'S HEAD. NORTH ASIHTOE. J Swanton A Glasse 2l J E Welsby E Shaw 2l IV Lowe l4 .1 Cleave W Andrews T Rigby 2l W Picton ll W H Eyes 2l .3 W Printer W Daniels 2l WJ Shaw l4 J W Jolley P Litvless 2l 0 Lowe H Eyes 2l F Catwright ....... —... 6 0 Shaw, jun.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
241 Msjoeity for Bulls Hold 53.

"THE CONSOLATION." KING AND QUEEN v. JUNIOR CONSERVATIVES.

The first of the home and home cog +gement, between theae teams nits played at the Junior Conservative. Club on Saturday. Details :

KIN, AND qUEEN. JUNIOR CONSARVATIV/VA T Quarrie lB R Holbrook 2l A Jolley .1 Langley 2l J Monks H J Bibby lB W SkeMorn, W Carter .1 W Davies lll E Blackledge It Gigbam (captain) l6 H Taylor J Monks W Aabbrook D Bromley 6 G Gilkey J Higbaro 7 P Curry 2l Geo tligham

187 240 Conservatives WO3 by 53 points. MAIN AT THE CONSERVATIVE CLUB. The annual main at this Club was advasoad another stage on Saturday. Scores :

H P Turner I' turner Kerfoot

SECOND ROUND.

I 5 H 11,oth 15 A Griffiths !.5 9 !!ange

T Cooper D Rawlings C Turner H Warburton A Scott l5 H Uittens It Straw w.o

J Lodge l5 0 Warburton 4 It F Anderton J J Pritobard T Turner

T Roberts l5 C Wobd l2 Grnnt l5 T Hafhee l5 J H Gate°, l5 J Billing ...... ...—...... 11

THIRD ROUND.

R Straw C Turoer It F Aodertoo . 15 11 P Tamer X T Roberta l5 F Turner 7 S Grant l5 T Cooper R Warburton A Scott l5 J H Garen. li F Kerfoot l5 D Rewlioge 1

FOURTU ROUND. - R Warburton It Straw ... R F Anderton l5 T Roberta l4 A Scott l5 C Turner

SEMI-FINAL

R F Anderton It Straw

OLIVE BRANCH LODGE TOURNAMENT. Favourerl with delightful weather, the members of the Olive Branch Lodge of Oddfellows, had a most enjoyable day last Satinday, when they met in their annual tournament at Ilalton Castle. The green wdll excellent condition, teenty-two members took part. There was a decided improvement in the bawling all round, compared with previous years. The final for the competition was between T P For aes with three start. with H Walker on scratch. It was a typical filed P Forbes winning 13-10, H Walker failing La suaceed by giving three start.

The Consolation Final brought together G. Savage and H. Bently with starts of lire and six respectively. Savage looked always • winner pia, ing excellent all through and ran out an easy winner 12-11, never allowing Bentley to register a single chalk. The mem- , bers then adjourned for tee which was splendidly served by the proprietor at Halton Castle Hotel. After tea a smoking concert and distribution of pri,, took place, presided over by NG. George Ilrown. Before the proceedings opened the chairman referral to Bro. P. G. Taylor, who had heel taken from then. with tragic suddenness, and their deepest sympathy went out to their a orthy Sacretary and family in thsir sad bereavement. The wLole of the members standing a resolution of sympothy was pulsed in silence.

Details of the games : eittsT ROD.

H Faulkner, o _ ..... „ . __.._. 13 Alban Boyle, 6 A E Butterworth, 3 John Boyle, jail, acr l3 T Seed, 4 ll H Bentley. 6 William Houghton, 6 ... 13 H Broadhurst, 5 N A C.:444,611,6_ l9 119 Flood, 5_ .... 9

Byes : H Walker, scr ; T P Forbes, 3: T Tarawa', 6; W Storey, 4; J Mather, 3 ; G Savage, 5: A Glover, 1; John Boyle, see, W Lilley, 5; 0 Brown, 2.

"SE;'OND ROE-:ND.

H Faulkner T p Forbes l3 .7 Mather W Lille, .. l3 W Houghton A B Butterworth ..... ... 13 G Soave ...... . 17. John Boyle,jon. l3 T Thromeell A Cotterill H Walker Jobe Boyle, sem —...—..--

THIRD ROUND.

......., ___,...... T P Forbes John Boyle, sen. H Welker l3 II Faulkoer A Cotterill

SEVI-FIN4L.

P Forbes 19 Jobs Boyle, see. l2 H Walker

MAL. ... 13 11 Walker

T P Forbes

CAOSOLATION. FIRST ROI ND. HCI Flood G Savage l3 T Hardman GI Brown

H Bentley 3 Nlath.r W lioughton 11 Broadhurst

SICCOND ROD.

G Brows H /hotly l3 HO Flood G Savage l3 .1 Mather W Houghton bye. ,10.1

13 Songs l3 W Houghton H Bently l3 G Brown lt G Savage l3 11 Bentley

While di•ing in the pui.lic foth• at Wigan. Henry, Allan friddlesworth, a tram driver, who resided et Beech Ilill-”enue, injored his knee and blood poisoning which supervened proved fatal. An increase of Is. per week in the maximum wage and a decrease of Saturday bourn, are the demands put forward by e 0 suburban barbers assistufts who hare I struck work at Liverpool.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... Cs. 9d. 24 ... 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... is. Od. 32 ... Is Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 7e. 6d. 40 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. hi. ... Is. Od. ... Bs. Vd. 48 ... is. U. ... U. Bd. ... Oa. Od. ... 10.. IkL

Do• mastic Servants. etc. WANTED, a GIRL, about 18, me general, must have good reterenoss.—Mrs. BAYLSY, 108, Hampton rd., Southport. WANTED, Smart GENERAL SERVANT; age about 23.—Mrs. WADSWORTH, Green Man Inn, Smallbridge, Rochdale. 'CU ANTED, Experienced COOK-GENERAL—AppIi Mrs. Campeau," Platt House" Platt Bridge.

or. Wipu. NVANTED good strop, GENERAL; must base -good refe.—Pitifsos or WALES LW, 111, Ashton Old rd., Openshaw. WANTED, COOKS, Cook-Generals, Waitress; also good Gissershs—Mrs. DEVICE, 64, Prisrpte, Preston. WANTED, Young PERSON, to assist in house- work; with knowledge. of business, for even- ing..—ECCLESTON ARMS, St. Helens. WANTED, good GENERAL; plain cooking; wash- ing ; references required.—WlLTON Mots; High lase, Choriton-cum-Haray. SPIV ANTED, COOKS, Cook-Geeerals, Housemaid- , • Waitresses, Housemaids and Generals,good wages; small families.-161, LORD ST., Southport. VIREE REGISTRY.—Wanted immediately, COOK- GENERALS £24, Generals £2O, Housemaids £lB.— Mrs. Ism gewoon, 75. Woodgrove rd . Burnley. WANTED, a Willing Country GIRL, about 20; good bouts; family 3.—Mrs. ANDREWS, Bridge lon, Sale. ANTED, GENERAL, good, no washing; good • home.—Apply 28, WELLINGTON RD., Whalley Range, Manchester. NVANTED, GENERAL, experienoed ; three in faintly ; no swishing ; wages, £24.—ltss, Bridge House, Lymm, Cbeallire WANTED strops GENERAL, able to wash • small family; reference.—RUSUFOßTH, 4, Beech grove, Ashton, Prestos.

louseassid•

WANTED Domesticated GIRL, age 17 or 18; references.—Apply WILLSHAW, 332, Gt Clowes st , Broughton, WANTED Respectable MAID; three in family ; no washing ; good wages ; reference required. GRUNDY, Springfield, Heywood. WANTED COOK-GENERAL, washing, and Housemaid, over 24; refereoces.—Osimmt, Sbrewsbury rd., Bolton. WANTED, PLAIN COOK (good), good references required—Mrs ALFRED J. Tlioliescdr, Merle- wood, Cuddington, Nortbwiesh. NVANTED, superior COOK-GENERAL ; family four; good referenoes essentiaL—Mrs. STorr, Westbourne, Woodford rd, Brarnhall, Cheshire. ANTED, UENERAL, superior, plain cooking , no washing ; good references; evenings or letter.—MlLLEß, Lochnagsr, Huyton, near Liverpool. WANTED, Experienced GENERAL immediately family of two ; washing and plain cooking; good wages.—Apply Mrs. BRIDGIN Florida, Burthoug Junction, Ormskirk, WANTED, COOK-GENERAL and young House parlour-maid for Knutsford.—Wrae giving all particulars. Nurse kept.—Hotm woon, Knutsford, Cheshire. • NVANTED, GENERAL, at once, about 27; family three ,• smVI wash ; early riser; good refer- ences • £l3.—All particulars letter, 9, ALBERT DRI V E Orred Park, Aintree. JIJAVANTED, HOUSE-PARLOURMAID, thoroughly trustworthy, able, for plait' sewing in small Boys' Preparatory School.—" WIXTERDYNE," Preston Heaketn Park, Southport. - general

WANTED, GIRL 17-20 for ... Good home for willing girl ; healthy surround- ings ; wages according to age.—alra. DEAN, 6, Wins rove, Liseard, New Brighton.

housework

WANTED, Experienced Cooks, Cook-generals Housemaid-waitresses, experienced and young Housemaids, Kitchenmaide, Generals.—Mrs. READ" Select Registry, Rusbolme, Mancbester. _ _ Wanted.

QTAM PS wanted, collection or loose, for cash, approvaL—Wrsi, 132, Church,.ld ett, Acta*, W. A GENT wanted by Machine Belting Manufacturers. Thomson Cresswell,49, Qaeen Victoria at, London Agents wonted to distributa clump clothing, splendid opening.—C.C.D. Co.. 47, Park rd., Merton, S.W. 11- ADV Canvassers, corn. only, wanted ; coloured miniatures Sm. from portraits, 35.50 per cent.— A. WHARTON, MRHIAIOO. - •

NVANTED, Spare Time AGENTS, no samples ano not insuntoce.—Staroped addressed envelope t BOX 43, Examiner Office, Warrington. 3IANTLES.—WInted experienced ALTERATION HAND, able to serve customera—Apply, Bo: 124, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, Warringtos. - . .

rIENTLENIAN Requires Position.—Good Account- ant, Experienced Manager, :salary modersta—M. AMBLZSIDN, Stanley rd., Woodford. CAUFFEUR experienced, married; seven years' reference,requires Situation.—Address,CHsorssun, 38, Grusin* rd, Mersey Park. Tmnraere, Birkenhead. StationerT Trade:Agents wanted everywhere for quick selling side line. Cheapest and best on market; large corm-British Metal Engraving Co4Kingston-on-Thames DOG DUNG WANTED, any quantities, large or - small, good price given.—THS WARRINGTON GLAZED KID CO. LTD., Long lane, Longford, near Warrington.

OLD Golf Balls Wanted.—Ga. per dos., Challengers, Colonels, Dunlop., Dimples. Zodiacs in good condition ; otherwise 48. dozen ; Postal Orders imme- diately.-Wmusw,2l,Evelyn Cardens,Riohmond,Surrey rigRESS EXCHANGE, 4, Hornby rd., Central Drive Blackpool.—Wardrobe dealer, good price given for all kinds of left-off clothing ; letters and parcel promptly attendrd to •, register office for servants ; wanted good geaerala, also waitresses.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Shares.

CUNLIFFE, Russell & Co., Rankers, Share Des. 10, Place de Is Bourse, Paris Send postcard for. particulars. Bankers references. Establiad 1888. AL CUTE INDlGESTlON.—Nottingliam physicians remedy, cost 2gs., absolute cure, nothing to take, free, h.—Ewe/es, Grocer, 210, Alfred at., Nottingham. First-olass IN VEd MENT in old sced Iron ill and Steel Co. offered ; average dividends 101 per cent. (81 sbares).—Full particulars of CLAL D 19 and 2.1, (loam Victoria at., London.

§-C-H-W A li-T -Z,

-establi

;sicians'

QOLICITORS and others will receive large BONUS for INTRODUCING INVESTORS (speculatively inclined), joining parent syndicate, controlling magni. Inept business. Enormous profit expected. Convincing miraculous on proof of meson—Address fully to • o 34 Hart it., London W.C.

rarticu— CONTRACTOR, C,

in PER CENT to Private Investors. A Safe Nest ,LF Egg.—A genuioe firm (oho does no speculation) is desirous of receiving small private investmenta, from .£2O to £250, for providing larger stock. No money lenders. Interest paid quarterly or half-yearly.—Send to SECRITARY, 51, Lichfield rd., East Ham, London.

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Houses

BRUSSELS.—Ist clue boerd-res, best sit, very mod. —Mu& DRAPIER, 87, Avenue Tolson d'or.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Apartments, Furnished Houses, &o.

Blackpool.

I to._

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board; 1 min. Talbot rd. station, new and all amusements; piano.—Mrs. A. CADMAN, 23, Edward at.

811011/LACKPOOL.—Bed, cooking and attendance, each person; _two minutek from Central Station and lea piano.—Mrs. J. STREET, 11 Charnley rd., off Coronatron St.

A LL REQUIRING Apsstments,Hotmea, Shops, Flats, ZS. ow., in London, Seaside or Country, see Dalton', Weekly HOOBO and Apartment Advertiser and Boarding House Guide. 16 pages to select from. Send for specimen copy, 21 SOUTH LAMI3EOT RD., London, SW

Southport

4;2 011THPORT.—APARTMENTS with or witNei' 1,7 board; close to pier and promenade; 068 VIPW ; t ath ; piano, &c.—Mrs. J. W. 'MARSDEN, Milton Villas, 34, Bold st.

CARNFORTH.—SwaII FURNISHED COTTAGE, to let for winter very pleasantly situated.—Apply Mrs. HOBERT LA3III, Rose Cottage, Cragg Bank, Carnforth.

rhOUGLAS.—BOARD-RESIDENCE, 25e. week; 4s 11 hay; trims peas; seer sea.—Mrs. COWLEY, 75, Books rd.

ONDON.—Board residence; excellent cuisine LA liberal table, home comforts. Inclusive terms CENTRAL PROPRIETRICSS, 23, Leinster square.

Mjacellaneouz On sale, etc pltlni, NO. akeap Ir.tieLl.:t,droamateeffeeeStomnio

IDEAL HOMES by bletthm and Bennetts •re now ' being erected at Bowes Park, one of the prettiest sad healthiest suburbs In the North of London. They contain diningroom, with timbered ceiling and panelled walls, drawingroom, lounge hall with oak parquet fl kitchen, scullery, and ustml ofaces, 4 good bedroom; bathroom with tiled floor and walls, hand c, shower bath, hot towel rail, w.c tiled out, linen cupboarl, Houser, overlook permanent gardens, all road charges paid, price .C 490 low ground rent, easy terma.—Apply or call on the ESTATP., Bounds Green rt. (opposite Warwick rd. smin, Bowes Park Station, G.S.R.

MONEY.—Provincial Union Bank, £lO to £5,000 Noteof Hand alone or other wearily ; grist privacy ; fair term. ; 01111 y repsyment..—MANAcza, 37, -IJoion at, Ryde, LW.

Machinery

===== 0002601_19110916_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Crlim-p;a11.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SA ITRDAY, SEPTEIIBER 16, 1911

- lie Eccr cmiit," in A REVOLT leading article on the AGAINST Morocco question, WAR. emphasizes the truth

of the statement that there is no quarrel between the peoples of Great Britain and Germany. "The quarrel that has been coming on so long is a quarrel of diplomatists and newspaper writers," and does not represent the conviction or sentiment of the democracy either here or in Germany. Feeling in the German capital is utterly opposed to war, and a meeting there, called by the Chauvinists to stir up feeling on Morocco, was a failure. Oa the other hand "the Conservative meeting was followed on Sunday by a monster gathering of the working-classes, estimated variously at from one hundred thousand to three hundred thousand. The "Berliner Tagblatt," which ought to know, estimates the con- couree at half-a-million. This monster gathering, as the " Daily Chronicle" informs us, was summoned by the" Vor- warts," 'the organ of the Social Democrats, in the following words : People of Berlin ! Turn out in your greatest numbers at Sunday's Demonstration. Proclaim your unshakable determination for peace ! Morocco is not worth the bones of a single German workman. Down with the war fever ! Long live solidarity with our English ani French brothers.

Truly an immense demonstration, and it passed unanimously peace resolutions of the most uncompromising character. But had meeting one-tenth the size been held in favour of war, there would have been columns of descriptive and exaggerated com- ment in the London Press. In fact it was hardly noticed, and yet the German Social Democrats,who correspond with our Radicals and Free-traders, are already so powerful that the German Government fears they may win a conclusive victory in the next Reichstag elections. We will not say that such a meeting would be possible in London or any of our large towns, for the possibilities and meaning of a great war are not comprehended, and the popular mind is still taken up with the railway strike and the labour unrest. But we do say that a policy of unfriendliness towards Germany has no popular or com- mercial support in England. We have an enormous and profitable trade with Ger- many, whose suspension would probably throw 10 per cent, of our working-classes out of employment. And, moreover, we are bound to the people of Germany by ties of blood, by historical traditions, by the debts which we owe German philosophy, German ' iterature, and German science. The Ger- mans recognise a corresponding debt, and ' most of the political reforms of Germany have been undertaken under the influence and by the light of our own free institutions Nor should ItThe forgotten that many of our own social projects, such as old age pensions, have been guided by German experience."

When Aldermah AN ALDERMANIC Pierpoint's name was COMEDY. struck off the burgess

roll on Saturday by the Revising Barrister, many people jumped to the conclusion that there would be an Alder- manic vacancy in November. Our contem- porary on Wednesday announced Alderman Pierpoint's retirement and discussed the vacancy which was to ensue. Other people specially interested in the matter have been even more premature in their judgment, and we believe that the Tory party has already —in imagination—filled the seat which will not be vacant and to which they have no claim if it was relinquished. Alderman Pierpoint has sent a letter, which we print in another column, announcing that he has no intention of retiring, and basing his decision on the precedent set by the late Alderman Pickmere many years ago. He is disqualified to act as an Alderman, but he can hold the seat for the remainder of the period for which he was elected—which happens to be five years from November next—so that there is plenty of time for the Alderman to renew his qualification as a burgess of the Borough. We are glad that Alderman Pierpoint has decided to "sit tight," for many reasons. With the exception of Alderman Bolton he is senior member of the Council; he is held in great respect by the representatives of all parties, and his resignation would, we fear, have been followed by an unseemly political scramble for the vacant seat.

I gave some news the COMPULSORY other day (says the SERVICE IN London correspondent AUSTRALASIA. of the "Manchester Guardian ") of the movement that is being organised here to agitate for compulsory military service for boys on the basis of the new Australian com- pulsory service. Some interesting details now reach me about the working of the service in Australia and New Zealand. It

appears that of the 70,000 boys of eligible age in New Zealand some 13,000 have not regis- tered. The proportion is expected to be somewhat similar in Australia,though figures are not available. In New Zealand prosecu- tions have been instituted in the ordinary magistrate's court against those who had omitted to register at the beginning of July. Pleas of conscience have been of no avail; fines have been imposed, or in default in several cases twenty-one days' imprisonment. In the case of Peter Thompson, heard at Nelson on July 22, the defendant was told he must choose between the instruc- tions of his parent and the law, and the law had first claim. There is no reason to suppose this to be an isolated case. The members of the Society of Friends in both countries after careful consideration decided to register, but with the paper has been handed in a protest. In New Zealand, how- ever, there is a special "conscience clause" for boys belonging to "certain well-known I denominations, such as Quakers," in which' case the boy is to be posted to non-combatant branches without further question. In the i Australian Act there is no exemption from training on the score of conscience—only from service in time of war. Probably, how- ever, the gravest injustice of the Acts is that they disfranchise the boy-objectors of to-day when they grow up. The compulsory registration clauses are only applicable to those under 21, i.e., non-voters. Persons convicted of refusing service are, however, disfranchised, and when they reach their majority will be unable to claim the right of voting. These new regulations have given a great stimulus to the work of the different peace organisations in the Antipodes, many new societies being formed and old ones revived.

When the holiday truce AN INTERESTING in political controversy BY-ELECTION. comes to an end, the Home Rule question must inevitably come to the front. It already has come into the field at the Kilmarnock Burghs By-election. There an interesting candidature promises fair to bring a Glad- stone once more into the House of Commons. Mr. W. C. G. Gladstone not only has in his favour the sentimental recommendation of the greatest name in Liberal history, but the qualification of a large and patient study of political questions such as only an excep- tional sense of responsibility imposes on any one who feels the vocation to a political career. It is regrettable that the Labour Party should have decided to split the Pro- gressive vote in the first by-election in which the Home Rule question has been a principal issue since the passing of the Parliament Bill.

The rain-fall of -Tuesday and Tuesday night was one of the heaviest experienced in the district for some years. No less than 227 inches of rain fell, and the Appleton Reservoir rose two feet the following day. A day later, however, the rise had ceased entirely, indicating that the ground itself has taken nearly all the moisture. To authorities whose water supply is getting perilously short, the down-pour was little more than tantalising. Luckily. Warrington has abundance of water at Winwick and could probably spare a, few million gallons if there was any means of conveying it to dryer districts.

One or two Tory members are refusing to pollute their pockets with the £94 odd which represents their first quarter's salary. Some are giving the money to charity, and one Member wishes the Borough Treasurer of his constituency to accept it in relief of rates. These are the ostentatious givers, and not the cheerful givers whom the Lord loveth. Mr. Harold Smith, M.P., with really becoming modesty, has said nothing about his salary so far. We feared that he might be tempted to try and force it on the Infirmary or some other needy institution, and it is gratifying to note that our Member is learning slowly but surely that " silence is golden."

Mr. Keir Hardie has, as might be expected, gone to Kilmarnock, and, as might also be expected, he has repeated his shameless and contemptible slander on the Prime Minister : The only meaning of the Government's itate- ment to the railway directors was that, if neces- sary, in order to kev the railways running, the strikers would be shot down. Mr. Keir Hardie's conduct in the House of Commons showed him quite determined to go on with this slander. It may do some mischief, but we cannot believe that the electors of Kilmarnock will credit such rubbish. We note that "John Bull" has taken Mr. Keir Hardie to task, and while perhaps he is not the best critic and judge who might have been selected, he is doing the job very effectively. • • •

Councillor Middleton, of Oldham, took a wise course at the open-air meeting on Monday, when he put Home Rule in the forefront of the Liberal programme, and advanced some unanswerable arguments in its favour. The other side are still flogging a dead horse in Tariff Reform, and ignoring contemporary politics. One of Councillor Middleton's best points was: If Home Rule was not before the country at the last election (as Tories now assert) why did they cover the hoardings with pictures of "The Dallar Dictator," and fatuous queries such as: " Shall Britons be sold for foreign gold ? " The fact was, as the speaker pithily said, that all the Tory objections to Home Rule were before the country, but the people took no notice of them!

* The Lord Advocate at a conference in Glasgow, on Monday, moved a resolution urging the Government to hasten the completion of the land valuation and to make it publiu,,.so that the rating authorities might be granted the power of adopting the value of the land as the standard of local rating. At the same time he deprecated

hurry, and said the,valu ttion was proceeding rapidly and with frictionless ease. He rejoiced to think *hat lend taxation had ceased to be a party question. Reformers had nothing to do now but reap the fruit of their victory. * *

ICountless message; of condolence have poured in upon Mr. Ramsay Macdonald. Mrs. Macdonald was always a woman with I many friends, from the days when she was I a young Fabian conspicuous for the enthusiasm with which she flung herself into the work of research and propaganda, to those in'which, a kind-eyed matron, she played the hostess to Labour-politicians in her pleasant rooms over-looking Lincoln's Inn Fields. Within 18 months Mr. Macdonald has lost his wife, his mother, and a promising little son.

a The Prime Minister received a host of con- gratulations on Tuesday, on reaching his 59t1f birthday. There is no gainsaying the face that in the estimation of the nation Mr. Ibiquith stands higher than any one supposed he-would do when he succeeded Sir H. Campbell-Bannerman. He has made a deep mark on the political life of England, and by the aid of the Parliament Bill has opened a new chapter in the constitutional history of the country. The "Birmingham Daily Post" (the Unionist organ,so closely identified with Mr. Chamberlain) pays a remarkable tribute to his statesmanship in Monday's issue. It says, "There is nothing of the mountebank or charlatan about him. He has definite aims—be they right or wrong—an inflexible purpose, courage and decision in action. When the secret 'history of our time to light there will be two instances .I.bl baling him as a man of strength- io.itant decision to use the full forces of in.; , at whatever cost of life, to keep opon ti:b ports and railways, and the equally prompt decision to see fair play between Prime germany."

A decision given last week by the tra•lf3rd Stipendiary Magistrate (writes a Landoll correspondent) shows how even a carefully worded Act of Parliament may leave somc loopholes, and the puipose of the Act itself be thereby defeated. Hitherto it has been assumed that only bona-fide travellers could be served with intoxicating liquor in licensed premises on Sundays during prohibited hours. Now it seems, from Mr. Wilberforce's decision, th it a man who is himself a bona- fide traveller can entertain his friends during closing hours, although they them- selves live within the three-mile limit. The case arose out of a charge preferred against a small employer of labour who travelled some distance to inspect some work being done by a few local workmen. The employer had certainly travelled more than the statutory three miles, and invited his men to meet him at a certain public-house on Sunday morning, where he treated them to liquor. The magistrate held that the Publican, who was also charged with selling, was entitled to serve to the bona-fide traveller, and the latter had a perfect right to entertain his friends, though they were local residents. If this is according to the letter of the law, it is certainly in opposition to its spirit.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

If Councillor W— R-- is biting his fingers at the unexpected denouement of the situation created by Alderman Pierpoinrs disqualification as a burgess, then surely Councillor J-- W— can afford to smile!

Councillor Pembarton is a Conservative— or half-a-one at least—yet it is rumoured that if he has an opponent in November it will be a Tory nominee. The name of a 'gentleman employed at Wilderspool brewery is mentioned. • • •

The Warrington Pitilomathic Society is evidently not going to let its reputation for enterprise suffer during the coming season. Already, so distinguished a lady as Miss Ellen Terry has been secured and will give a dramatic recital in Parr Hall on November 9th on "The Triumphant Heroines of Shakespeare." *_*_*

During the year 1910-11 no less than 1,325 Warrington girls received instruction at the icookery centre, and 1,222 earned the Board of Education's grant. As practice assuredly makes perfect we hope these young ladies will be assiduous in culinary experiments at home. Paterfamilias must swallow his prejudices together with the new dishes, and think only of the rising generation. The" Die-hards" have formed themselves into a new party" auxiliary to the present Conservative forces," with Lord Halsbury as their president. The "Daily Chronicle" suggests that they should call themselves "The Antique Bantams" in honour of the President and adopt as a watchword "B. M. G."—or" Balfour Must Go." Is the member for Warrington one of the bantams? • 4, • Mr. Furness's Tariff Reform resolution having wrecked the Conservative Govern- ment in the Parliamentary Debating Society, the Liberal party takes office in the Session which opens on October 3rd. On that date the King's Speech will be introduced, and Sir Edward Russell will be the guest of the evening. He has promised to lead off with a speech of modest length, but which will doubtless be of great interest to the members.

Before the much-welcomed rainfall of last Tuesday the Water Committee had been experiencing great difficulty in supplying water for manufacturing purposes from the Appleton reservoir. It was their intention to run off the water, as far as possible, and, after closing the Appleton mains, to supply manufacturers with Winwick water. Fortunately this may not now be necessary as the heavy rain fall at the beginning of the week raise 3 the water in the reservoir 2 feet.

Mr. C. E. Parker yesterday took to the Museum two curious specimens of fungi which he had found growing amongst the potatoes in his vegetable garden at Penketh. There is, of course, nothing extraordinary in the growth itself but the dimensions and shape in this instance are somewhat unusual. The botanical name of this type Of fungi is lycoperdon giganteum, but in homely English it is known as the giant puff- ball. The specimens may be seen in the wild flower section of the Museum. * * * _ .

Is it true that at a recent caucus meeting of the Tory party, attended by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., C.V.0., and Mr. Harold Smith, M.P., a resolution was come to that the party should dictate the policy of the Town Council in the future? This is what one might call "a pious resolution" which will be difficult to carry out. A great uprising of the Blues is predicted in Novem- ber. We hope they will not be too closely associated with one particular trade.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
• ...W.'s, 2.

LOCAL PAR

Military Appointment,

Tuesday's " London Gazette" contained the following - The Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment).—Captain C. R. S. Woods to be major; dated Ist September, 1911. Grappenhall Estate to be Sold. Colonel 0. Mosley Leigh has decided to dispose of his Grappenhall (state in Cheshire situated practically on the borders of Warrington, including Gi-appenball Lodge, several farms and small holdings, and the Grappenhall and Cliff-lane Tannery which adjains the Bridgewater Canal. The sale will be held is November by Messrs. Knight, Frank and Batley. Spiritualism.

'An advertisement announces that the celebrated clairvoyant and exponent of Spiritualism, who was prevented by the recent railway strike from fulfilling his engagement with the local Spiritualists a few weeks ago, has arranged to conduct the services at , the Druids Hall to-morrow and Monday. Funeral of Mrs. R. Bridge. The remains of the late Mrs. R. Bridga of 2, Battersby-lane, who died on Mopday evening last I after a long:illness were interred in the Cemetery on Thursday. The Revs. J. B. Buglass and W. Cooper conducted the services at the Legh.street Primitive Methodist Church and at the graveside. A large number of wreaths were sent by numerous friends.

Palace and Hippodrome. It need not be emphasised that the programme for next week at this popular place of entertainment is a good one when it is noted that two companies of Fred Karoo's comedians are announced to appear and patrans can rely upon a good time. Both c .mpanies occupy the premier place. The programme also includes the Five Petley s is their great comedy aerial gymnastic act and the other " turns " are all to be provided by first-class artistes. j Swimming Gala. The 28th annual gala promoted by the Warrington Swimming Club will be held at the Corporati Baths, Legh-atreet, on Thursday evening next. A special attraction will be the appearance of Bar ry Crank, professional champion acrobatic diver of the world and provincial representative at the Olympic games. The programme will also include .—ISO yards champion- ship of Warrington, 50 yards schoolboy championship of Warrington, 50 yarda works' squadron champion- ship, 50 yards members' handicap, 25 yards ladies' handicap, comic even', and a polo match, Warrington v.' Widnes. Warrington Wesleyan Cycling Club. . _ . . .

Ifeeti; at Latchford Swing Brrdge on Saturday the 9th September, 11 members spent another of the glorious Saturday afternoons that this year has given us is the Bollin Valley at Castle Mill, near Itingway. Immediately after starting, the carelessness of a passing cyclist who swerved to his right without look- ing, caused one f the party to be thrown into the road with cut hands and torn knickers, whilst the other's machine was badly buckled. As usual it was one of the most careful of our riders who suffered. His bruises, however, did not turn him back. Three more runs will end the season, and it is very gratifying to look back on a year of so many ' runs, and so few mishaps. Our captain was also caught sapping. Having chosen the route through Bowden, he got on unfamiliar ground, and a new read, not marked on the Ordnance Map, brought as, amid a shout of laughter, to • blind end. A retreat of 134) yards, however, put us right, and a beautiful country lane finished the first half of the 30 miles at a" refreshment farm " on the to? of the bank overlooking the river. Cyclists will be glad to hear that his L ordship of Tattoo has at last recovered his equanimity to the extent of allowing all his tenants in this beautiful district to supply visitors with ref reah- meats. The moonlight ride home was by way of Ashley and Mere Corner. ,

Open-air Meeting. Miss Edith Hammond, one of the foremost lady speakers on the Free Trade platf nm, will address the Progressive Labour League's open-air ineet:ng at Bridge Foot on Monday evening text. FOLEY CHINA TEA SERVICE 3, 41 ph eSS s GARLAND, 51, Bridge at, Warringtoo.—Advt. Warrington Puddler's Suicide. . „ .

Mr. fir Brighouse held an inquiry at Burtonwood into the circumsta, ces attending the death of Thomas Burgess. aged 23, an ironworks puddler, of 33, West- street, Warringtcn. The deceased was a single man living with his parents. He should have gone to work on the 3.d, 4th, and sth Let , but did not do no, and on going to work on Wednesday he was told his place was filled up. On Thursday Jahn Riley found a cap on the bank of the St. Helens and Sankey Canal at Burtonwood with a note pinned inside. He took it to the nearest waterman, and dragging operations were, commenced, and the body of the deceased was taken from the water. The note was in the handwriting of the deceased. He said he was sorry for the trouble he was giving and asked his father and mother to bury him as cheaply as possible.—The jury returned a verdict of suicide, but what was deceased's state of mind was nct shown. Oceartatcce SALE OF CYCLE,, all prices rPcluced.—J S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt.

Miss Marie Houghon Sings in Canterbury Cithedral. The " Kentish Gazette and Canterbury Press,' last Saturday, states that among the fins series of organ recitals at Canterbury Cathedral arranged by Dr. Cborlton Palmer, that which took place on , Wednesilsy afternoon was one of the beat. Special importance was given to this recital by the fact that Miss Marie Houghton, a talented pupil of Madame Albani, was singing. The congregation was a very large one,the seating accommodation being fully taken op. Miss Houghton has great gifts which have been fully recognized and developed by her famous tutor. La fast, expert musical critics speak of Miss Mitie Houghton as a singer very little behind Madame Albaiii —an expression of opinion which means a very great deal indeed. Even the untrained ear, which does not detect land appreciate all the beauty and high quality of such a splendid voice was quite enraptured by Miss Houghton's singing. The quality of her voice was particularly borne in upon the listener in the opening passage of Handel', air " Rejoice greatly " ; and its great compass and the trueness of her notes were evident throughout, both in her first performance and in her expressive rendering of "My Redeemer and my Lord.'' It is said that Miss Houghton possesses rrobably the best female voice that has been heard in the Cathedral for many years. Ile remainder of the progtamme was also of a high standard. Mien Marie Houghton is engaged to sing in " Elijah," at the Albert Hall, for the Royal Choral Society.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL LADIES AT BOWLS. NOVEL COMPETITION AT THE CLUB.

A pleasing innovation in the social life of the Warrington Liberal Club was witnessed on Thurs- day afternoon. Hitherto particigaf ion in the ancient game of bowls on the excellent green attached to the club has been confined to mere man, but the members decided to invite their wivea and lady friends to try their skill with the woods, and the Irsult was that a " bowls drive "—the latest novelty in the bowling world—was at ranged. The event took place on the club green on Thur.-lay and proved such an unqualified success that it will doubtlesa be the fore- runner of warty similar contests in coming seasons. The reliminary details had keen admirably carried out by Mr. F. Walker, the energetic secretary of ,the green, and the following ladies committee —Mrs. T. Pemberton, Mrs. John Wilkinson, Mrs. Joseph Wilkinson, Mrs. J. T. Locker, Mr. T. Locker, Mrs. J, Halliwell, Mrs. P. Delaney sad Mrs. 'l'. Bunch. A splendid collection of prizes was preeeuted and , attracted the capital entry - of 48 competitora- ' Although the weather conditions were not ideal, it was a matter for congratulation that the rain which threatered in the earlier pa. t of the day kept off, thus enabling all the games to be f _met t a finish. Ittnead of following the usual lines of a boafling

booby prized, Mrs It 11 Flolford, Mrs J Gregory. In the course of a short speech, Alderman Tinnion, on behalf of the committee of the Liberal Club, offered the ladies • hearty welcome. He WM proud to see such • urge g•thering and to know that they lis.l enjoyed themselves on the green. loose who bad been respon- sible for the inauguration and management of the competition deserved great credit. (Applaimeo Ile did not know of coy occasion on which be had had more pleasure in acceding to a request to prese,at prizes. He was only sorry that the event bad not b•en carried out earlier in the season It was ODO oe the happiest ideas of the many which they owed ti the ladies' committee and be hoped that next year the ladies would figure on the green on more than one occs-joa. during July and August. " Probably " continued the alderman "s mug of you will is future be a little more lenient with your ' a orsar halves when they spend an extra hour away from home, enj 'ping themselves at the club. (Hear, hear, from the gentlemen Jadgiog from the " hear, hears " there most be many guilty coos:lento a. (Laughter), II wever, I feel sure that I CM now appeal to the ladies with clue ience, knowing that they will be very lenient indeed. I hai thought the peculiarities of bowling wii.e outlined almost entirely' to sectlernen, but the sttitudes and poses of some of the ladies were quite as annulus to me." I Lsughter). Cvntioning, the alderman referred to the faculties which the bowls brought into play—perseirer-

0 *sl,,, , . . : ' 4 , ill" 4 g#l.. t 0 111L016° 4 • # it" , ' - 0 ailihnsillair.. .. , 41' :: ilik: 14 ' Oplifigille.4wi. e 71°4 ik V' . It .. .41:!V 6) .

===== 0002601_19110916_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Photo, Ton q. MEASURING ENDS ON THE GREEN.

I mck,tla.mc--,s,tl,ltak VS! Vlte4 _ way to a whist &i.e.. nod seciriest titbs. an was fully justified lry the /Aral Ed:a:twat e..,,wn in the games frooeozlaienc. .sough most of the ladies were quato Wu-ware-00, they quickly initiated them- selves inteibe =..isteries of thumb bias and the like, and nem able to give a good account of them- selves on the green. Many of the games were surprisingly keen and the play rn the whole was much more bitereqing than might have been xpected. The following gentlemen rendered valuable assistance as stewards :—Councillors J Wilkinson and J Halliwell, Messrs Joseph Wilkinson, W Bibby, T Critchley, W Critchley, J Graham, J Reid, Ha-ry New, E A Sanders, J T Omlib, J Smith, R Barlow and J Critchley. . . . .

At the close of the ;tames tea was served in the club and afterwards Alderman Tinnion distributed the prizes. The winners, in order of soccess,were : !Miss Smith, Mrs Bradshaw. Mrs Randles, Mrs F Berry, Mrs W Patrick, Mrs W Critchley, Mrs R Woods, Mrs E A Sanders, Miss Wilkinson,Mra Bunch, Mrs Halliwell, Miss Walker, Mrs II Syers, Mrs Frank Dale, Miss A Willett, Mrs Sfolvneux, Mrs H Cook, Mrs John Wilkicsou, Mrs T Shaw, Mrs J Willett

'lance, patience, and ju lament. Of csurse, the ladies did not require anything to improve their temper— (laughter)—uut the vntlercen in many instances needed many games of bowls and a great cent of work before they became proficient in patience and 'pod humour. (Laughter). Very great credit was dae to the ladies for the excellent way in which they had brought the competition to a suacersful conclusion. They were also largely indebted to Mr. F. Walker for his assistance. (Applause). Ile worked in a quiet way, without osrentarion hut with doterm ado°, and he had a happy way of inducing cijhers to join in the work. It was indeed pleasing to see such a happy spirit animating all motions of the Liberal party in Warrington. (Applause).

Councillor WILKINSON proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies coi.mittee cud Mr F Walker for their valuable help.

Itlr W BIBBY seconded a3d the vote was heartily passed.

The followinz isC Fs: of the d inors of prizds : Mrs A 11 Crodfi9l4, Mrs John Crosfleld, Miss T H Crosfleld, Mrs T Pemberton. Mns Pdrker. Mrs John Wilkinson. Mns Joseph Wilkinson, Mn 3 T Looker, Mrs J Hafljeell, Mrs W Bibby, Mn F Plimpton, Mrs W Hayed, J Critchley, Mr Gregory, Mrs John Cowdell. Mr T Show, Mt Waldrop sad Mr J DAvenport.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR CARS FOR HIRE, long Or short distances —J S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge et., Warrington.—Advt.

P.& K. Moulders: Outing.

On pleasure bent, in ideal weather a party of forty- four of the moulders from Pearson A: Knowles' wJrks set out for Gatacre on Saturday by the 1.27 t,ain. Their destination was the Coffee House Hotel, Woolton iwhich they reached soon after two o'clock. Toe first procedure was to face the camera, a photograph being taken by Mr. Downie a member of the party. A game of bowls next took place, the twenty-two oldest playing the twenty-two youngest menfbers. The match proved very interesting and enthasiastie. the oldest side winning by the narrow margin of nine points. The visitors then adjourned to the dining- room where an excellent kni'e and fork tea was served, all praise being due to the host and hostess. They then separated for a short time, e rue to ',owl, others to take a walk in tbe beautiful country, returning to spend the evening at a smoking concert. Songs were rendered by Meters. Rowland, Suttee, Dodd, Cooper, Lawton, Ball and Lowe. The humorous portion of the pro- gramme was in the hands of Mr. Heaton who kept the company alive with his laughing and other comic songs, with his own banjo accompaniment. Mr. Tilling proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Ball who had the management of the pie-sic in hand, 1r the able maneer in which he had carried the proceedings to such a successful issue. Hr. Davies seconded and the vote was warmly approved. Mr. Ball in respond- ing said he was glad that the pic-nie bad proved such a sitcoms and hoped it would be the forerunner of an annual outing. Applause.) Mr. Dooley, the pianist., and the other artistes were also heartily thanked. The party journeyed to Warri ngton by the 0.42 train, having•pent a very pleasant and enjoyable hall-day.

Fire at Bridge-foot. About 5 o'clock on Friday morning lot rmation was received at the Fire Station that a fire had broken out at the boot abd shoe shop of Mr. Walter 11080. bottom, which is the middle shop of a row of wooden buildings at the junction of Wilderspo)l-raad and Knutsford-road. WI en the brigade under Deputy- Superintendent kTurner arrived on the scene it was found that owing to the intbmimable nature of the stock the place was well alight, the flames shooting out to a considerable distance and threatening the adjoining shops. There was a good supply of water and the brigade set to work to prevent the spreid of the fire, as it was seen there was no possible chance of saving the contents of this shop. Lb,fortunately Mr. Rosehottom's premises were not insured and, as the shop and stock were com- pletely destroyed, he suffers heavy 1039. When Mr. Rosebottom arrived and saw the extent of the damage he was completely overcome and had to be assisted into a neighbour's howls. The origin of the fire is a mystery as the shop is a lock-up establishment and everything was to perfect order when Mr. Itoeebottom closed it the previous night at eleven o'clock.

WRINGING MACHINES, beet value obtaisahle. Cub prioe, 39,6.—J S. GARLAND, Iroomooger adds* it., it'arringtort—Advt. Womeo's Tariff Reform League.

The annual excursion in connection with the- Women's Tariff Reform League took place on Thurs- day when about 1,590 journeyed to New Brip,btos. Seven special trains had been chartered to convey the party to Liverpool where they assemble,' on St. George's Plamau, and forming into pr,'ession marched to the landing stage heed by the Walton Brass Band. Among those present were Lady Greenall (President;, Mra Rylands (rice president), Mrs W Peter Rylands (hon. secretary), Mrs Carleton, Mrs Monks, Mrs Parsonage, Miss M Parsonage, Mrs Bellian, Miss D Reid, Mrs Jolley, Mrs Berry, Mrs Evans, Mrs Ifighley,llra Hill, Mrs Short, Miss Taylor, Nurse Illackmore, Mrs Bowman, Mrs Vernon, Mrs Johnson, Mi.'s Atkinson, Mrs ff srtisoo, Miss Carlisle, Miss Dodd, Mrs and , Miss Rushworth, and Mrs Carpenter. rpon arrival at New Brighton an adjournment was made to the Cafe Cbantant where a first class knife and fork tea was provided. Lady Greens!l presided and delivered a shoa aliresa. After tea the company dispersed to enjoy the Dun:term, ,1 attractions in the 'rower Grounds, amusements being 1 available at a reduced charge joy wheel, Maxim's flying machine, figures, water chute, scenic railway, ascent of tower, and the katzenj itnmer .castle. The arrangements for ths return journey included several special trains, but the members were also able to travel by any ordinary trains from i; Ito 11 pm.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
A few soiled BABY CARRIAGES LO be sold 0 eq.'". Apply J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge IL, Warrington :Advt.

The Pelee it 1111 k. The members of the Warrington Branch 4 the Cheshire Milk Producers' Ass wiation held a meeting at the Blue Bell Inn on Saturday eve nog. ti de•ide the wholesale price of milk for the winter month.. Mr. E. Botch presided.—The position of the farmers was fully considered, and it was strongly felt that the problem of producing milk hr the next six or seven month-, was a very serious one. The pastures, it was stated, are bare and brown, with very little prospect lof improvement for swne time. In addition to this. the water supply on INDS farms is causing grave anxiety. The hay harvest generally has been the lightest experienced for 40 years, while the straw crops have been unsatisfactory. Root crops are in many cases a total failure, and even where that is not the case, the outlook is indeed glo,iny. To meet this serious condition of things farmers for the las two months have been spending, large sums of money in artificial feeding stuffs, which have steadily increased in price and are still going up. Tail) heavy expenditure will have to continue all through the winter, and even then it will tax the ability of the best men to keep the dairy stork in fit condition. There has been • falling off in the output of milk as compared with other years of from 2:', per cent to 30 per cent, and it was generally felt that to meet the present situation it was imperative that the price ehould be increased to the retailers, and through tikes to the public, the opinion being expressed that if only the consurners could realize the position in all , its seriousness, lboy would not hesitate to pay cheer- , fully a price sufficient to make the Seines profitable , for those engaged in the industry. The following , resolution was unanimously adopted : '• That from October let to April 30th, I'./12, the wholesale price , of milk be 2s. 9.1 per &stn."

===== 0002601_19110916_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
TICKET OF LEAVE MAN IN TROUBLE.

A case of considerable local intereat was beard at the Borough Court on Wednesday before Mr. Charles • White (in the chair). Alderman Smet hurst, Councillor •tfackson Holmes and Mr. J. W. Hayward, sylvan George Wilson of no settled abode, was charged that being a cdapict on licence, he was found in 123 lands-street under circumstances as to satisfy the Court that he was about to committ ILD offence.—lle pleaded guilty. Chief Inspector Williamson said that in April, 1909, 'priaoner was sentenced to three yeas penal servitude at Liverpool Quarter Sessions on a charge of house- breaking but was released on licence ten months before the expiration of that term. With regard to the pre- sent charge it appeared that a man named Murphy who carried on the business of a small paper and tobacco shop in Itylandk-street made the shop secure on retiring on the night of August 11th. Next morning it was found that the lock had been wrenched off and a quantity of the wood splintered as if by some instrut mint. Early on the morning of Angina 12th, Mr. Sidney Hart, a bill post inspector, was in Rylands-street and noticed the prisoner standing in the doorway of the above shop. The prisoner looked startled when the witness appeared and put his hands behind his back as if to conceal something. Prisoner then went away but when Mr. Hart returned shortly after- wards the prisoner was again in the doorway. Mr. Hart then lost sight of the prisoner and gave informa- tion to the police. Nothing was heard of the prisoner tram that time until the 51,h trait, when information was conveyed to the police that be was again in the town. Detective Holland and Constable Summers apprehended the prisoner in a lodging-house at Friars- green, and he was conveyed to the Police Station. He was asked how long it was since he was lost in War- rington and he said nine years. When &larger' with attempting shop-breaking he replied" Do yt tr think a man of my experience would try to break in a shop like that when all 1 would get would be a few packets of cigarettes and a few coppers." Prisoner stated that he was in Birmingham on the day in question but Chief Inspector Williamson said that there were witnesses to prove tint he was in town OD that date. Yrisoner : "In it likely that 1 would go and stand in front of a shop where everybody could see me ? You fell on me Martine I have ants stain on my character. I pleaded guilty because I didn't want to go for trial as I base ten months out of the three years to serve

yet." It was stated that there was a sum of Lit in prisoner's possessisn when arrested. Detective Sergeant Howell, of the Liverpool police, said that he had known the prisoner for many year. He was undoubtedly an habitual crilinNl. When out of prison be wets continually breaking into shops by knocking otf the locks. Prisoner was sentenced to a year's hard labour, to include the ten unexpired months of the previous sentence.

wn th e ate 1 OU !US 'l,lfl

===== 0002601_19110916_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Borough Police Court

SATURDAY —Before Mr., J. W. Hayward (in the chair),

Messrs. A. J. Jolley, T. Pemberton end J. Upeon. LOITERING CHARGE DnMlSSED.—Patrick Leonardy 9, Trafalgar Square, Leigh, and William McGrath, 26 Jockey-street, Warrington, were charged with loitering in a public yard off Bank-street, with intent to commit a felony.—Leonardy was before the court on Friday but the case was remanded for the other prisoner to be apprehended. It appeared that about four o'clock on Thursday afternoon the prisoners went to the hguse of a 31ra. Cunningham, 1, Bank-street, where Leonardy inquired if his mother still lived in that vicinity. He was informed that she had left the neighbourhood about ten weeks ago. Both ptitoners then went away bats , little while afterwards Mrs. Cunningham went into her yard to examine some sheets that were hanging there. On her arrival in the yard she found the two prisoners. McGrath was endeavouring to take one of the sheets from the line. 'the sheet was taken from Lim and he -then became abusive and tricd to assault Mrs. Cunningham but Leonardy prevented him from doing this. Ihe police were informed and P.C. Kenwright, arrested the prisoner Leonard}, and the other prisoner ran away. When charged at the Police Station Leonardy denied all knowledge of the identity of the other prisoner although it transpired that they were relatives Both were under the influence of drink. Leonardy stated that he received a postcard to say that his mother was dying and he walked from Bedford Leigh to see her. He did not know that she tad removed—The Chief Constable : He came to see a dying mother whilst drunk. The case was d.smissed.

_ SEAMAN IN ROUBLE.—Harry Cosgrove a seaman of no settled abode, was charged oath stealing an over- coat, value 53., from a cloak-room at St. Ann's chocl, the property of William T. Cherry, and a mackintosh from flamiltot-street school, the property of Thomas D. Amos, on March 2nd. The Chief Constable slid that the prisoner had been locked up the previous night an suspicion of basing committed another offence and he then admitted the preeent charges. The prisoner was remanded for a week.

MONDAY.—Before Aldermen Forshaw (in the chair). Smethurst, Bolton, Pierpoint. James Evans, %Imre. W Furness, %V Roberts, $ Wright, H Thornton and Pilling. " DIDN'T KNOW WHY HE DID IT."—Daniel Higharn 111, Fox-street, was charged with assaulting his wife by bitting her on the head with a jog on Saturday loot. The Chief Constable said that in the early boors of Sunday morning a constable was called to 113, Fox- street, where he found the complainant suffering from a wound in the head. She was covered with blood. Complainant stated that about ten minutes to twelve she was going to bed, when the prisoner, who had ' retired about twenty minutes before, came into the kitchen and struck her on the head with a jug. The Chief Constable said that the cemplainant had received treatment that morning but no serious developments were expected, so that the charge had been reduced to one of common assault. Prisoner stated that he did not know why he did it. Nineteen previous convictions having been proved against him- Prisoner was fitted 100. and costs, with the alternative of 14 days' imprisonment. POSED AS A CoNSTABLE.—When Alfred George Billington, Westy-terrace, Longford, was charged with being drunk in Sankey-street, on Saturday night, it was stated that prisoner had teen going about pretending that he was a constable and ordering people off the footpath. A witness raid that he and a number of youths were talking in San ey-street, when the prisoner went op to them and Fulling out his watch said "If you don't go away in three minutes I'll lock you up." Witness informed a constable who took the prisoner into cuatody. When charged at the Police Station he said that he was a brother of llillington,the executioner. —He was ordered to pay Is. and costs or go to gaol for 14 days. HIS DIAMOND JUBILEE.—A charge of begging in Bridge-street, having been proved against John Whittaker, no settled abode, the Chief Constable said that that was his 60th appearance.—He was fined 53. and costs. . .

bfISCELLANEOUs.—Three cases of drunk sod dis- orderly, two cases of drunk and one case of begging ware also beard at this Court. TUEsDAY.—Refore Councillor H. Roberts (in the chair), Councillor Jackson Holmes and Mr. J. Rymer

Young. ALLEGED Timm—Jane Siocup, 54, Bostock-street, was charged with stealing, on Saturday, a roll of flannelette from the shop of William Henry Dutton, 56 Greer-street. Chief-Inspector Williamson, in aching for a remand nntil Thursday, said that on Saturday evening the roll of flannelette was seen at the shop door about 6.30. Prisoner was also men there by an assistant, who asked her what she wanted. She then went away. At 9.5 p.m. she was again teen outside the shop, and alter she had left the flannelette was missed. The remand was granted.

NEGLECT OF CH I LEM EN.—Margaret Riley, 99, Guardian-street, and James Riley, 73, daydock street, were summoned for neglecting their six children in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary Enge l log and injury to their health. Both pleaded guilty. Mr. A. Browne, who prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., said the male defendant was not as much to blame as his wife. The cause 05 the woman's neglect was pure laziness. She recessed 19s. per week from her husband whose wages were 21s. At the beginning of August the landlord diatrained for rent, and took tie whole of the

. - - furniture, except that an the bedroom. Detective Clough, who men called in later, found both doors had been pulled off, and the windows were subsequently taken out by the landlord to get rid of the defendants. When the children we e visited on August 4th, by Inspector Wainwright and Detecti, a Clough, they were found in a fearful condition, very verminous and poorly clothed. The Louse contained no furniture, except that in the bedroom. From time to time the Inspector visited the house, and on August 26th the mother and five children were found at 11 p in the yard. A neighbour took them into her bons° and later they were removed to the workhouse.- 51m. Constable, wife of the porter at the workhouse, said the children were admitted on September sth in a

shocking condition, and must have suffered consider- ably.—On the application of Mr. Browne, the summons against the male defendant ass withdrawn end the female defendant was sent to prison for a month. PERSISTENT RCM:CT.—John Weaver, 3, Rudds-yard. off Turner-street, was summoned by his wife, Esther Weaver, for persistent cruelty, whiel had caused her to leave him on September sth.—Complainant said defend- ant had continually ill-used her, and since she was married she had led the life of a dog.—A separation order, with is. 6d. a week alimony, was granted.

WEDEFSDAY.—Before M. Charles White (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillor Jacksoo Holmes and Mr..). W. Hayward. THEFT FROM A YACHT—Charles Naylor, cf no settled abode, wes charged with steeling • joioer's brace, a plane, a pair of pincers, a lock-saw, and a millimetre rule, rake 10s. from a yacht in Atherton's

Quay, the property of Alfred Donnell. Ile pleaded guilty.—Chief Impactor Williamson said that the tools were seen safe in the cabin of the 3acbt on the night of the let inst. The next morning it was discovered that the cabin had been broken into and tools taken. From inquiries it was ascertsined that the prisoner hsd: been seers on the river bank between 6 and 6 30 on the morn- ing of the 2nd inst., while later in the day he was offer • ing a number of tools for sale in a pnblic-house in the Town's End district. When 'rimmed he denied all , knowledge of the theft, and stated that the tools be had in his possession were his own property and had been for years. Some of the articles were recovered and brought to the Police Stotion, and in reply to the charge the prisoner said " I went to have a sleep and the tools were in the cabin. There was no saw hut I threw tie rule into the river, and sold the trace to a man I don't know." When the prisoner was arrested a skeleton key wan found in his possession which would open any ordinary lock, while a number of skilfully pre- pared skeleton keys were found at the prisoner's house. Prisoner pleaded that he was drunk at the time.—Ten previous convictions were proved spinet the prisoner, who was sentenced to three months' hard labour. illtißSDAY.—llefors Messrs. .1. Rymer Young (in the chair), W. T. Williams, W. Roberts, Upsou, A. J. Jolley, sots Dr. Nadel]. MARRIED WOMAN'S DowNEALE.—Jane Sincup, residing with her husband at 34, Bostock-street, WAS charged with stealing a roll of flannelette, value 55., on September 9th, and 6 yards of Scotch plaid cloth and 20 studs of roller towelling value Bs., some time during the oast six months, from a shop, 56, Green-street, the prrper' y of William Henry Dutton.—She pleaded guilty —Chief Impactor Williamson said that the mitt per was before the Court on Tuesday, tut was , remanded for further inquiries. On Saturday last about 630 in assistant at the above shop saw the . prisoner standing outride the shop. She asked the price of some material, and afterwards stated that she . had not got her pone, and went awny• About 9.30 priaoner was seen by a man to take the fltnneleve from the shop front and put it under her dye. The man took the fl.innelette from the prisoner, but she got away. Information was given to the police, and Detec- . I tive-Sergeant Reddington arrested the prisoner. She , stoutly denied all knowledge of the affair, and stated . that she never left the house on the night in question, but she afterwards adwitted the theft. A number of article. had been mimed from tie shop,and from further inquiries it was ascertained that the prisoner had pawned goods corr sponding to the missing property. t A number of pawotickets were fermi in the prisoner's r house,and she admitted th 3 other th3fts. Two previous convictiens were proved tiniest the prisoner, one of which was for stealing in 1904, end in view of that fact the Bench sentenced the prisoner to a month's imprison- , meet.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sessions.

The above Sessions were held at Deresbury cn Tuesday before Mr II Talbot (in the chair), Messrs G Dalin, Roger C Parr, H Roberta and T Baxter. POACLUNG AFFRAY AT WALTON PARE.—Richard Hughes, 82, Plumpton-street, and Joseph Bibby, 64, Back Dallam-lane, were charged with being found on the enclosed premises of Walton Park, in the ownership of Sir Gilbert Greenell, Bart., for the unlawful purpose of night poaching on August Zrd. Both pleaded guilty. Mr. Amos prosecuted and Mr. Steel appeared for the prisoner Bibby. Mr. Amos eaid that the charge which was brought under the Night Poaching Act was of a more serious nature than the ordinary prosecution for I game trespass. The prisoners, however, had been remanded from an occasional court and had been in prison about three weeks. Whilst the head gamekeeper was walking along the canal near to the park be heard a rabbit scream. He went into the park with another of the keepers and there found the two prisoners and another man, the latter however got away. The two prisoners offered not the slightest resistance. On the spot where Hogbes was arrested Was found three nets, 10 pegs and s's rabbits—Mr. Steel said that with regard to Bibby that was his lint adventure as a poacher. He was employed in Warring- ton as a hawker and had been engaged by one men for nearly 30 years. It was the prisoner Hughes that had persuaded Bibby to go on that expedition or he would never have undertaken it. Bibby was a married man and during the time he hod been in prison the family had had to depend upon friends. Having regard to the fact that that was his first offence and that he had been in prison for three weeks, he hoped the Bench would take a lenient view of the cone upon an undertaking from Bibby that he would never repeat the offence. The Bench sentenced Hughes to one month's imprison- ment and Bibby to one day. Mr. Amos asked that the articles found should be forfeited and this was granted. HORSE ILL-TREATMENT. - John Henry Devonport, Shovel and Broom Farm, Appleton, was charged with ill-treating a horse by working it in an unfit state on August 25th, at Stockton Heath.—A constable said that on the day in question he saw the defendant in charge of a horse attached to a spring cart in London-road. lie noticed that the horse was rather uneasy sake examined it and found an old large wound on the near shoulder which had smeared over with grease. Inspector Deep of the R S.P.C.A. corroborated the statement about the wound and stated that it must have been there for a considerable time. Defendant stated that the wound wan caused by a wasp sting. He was obliged to go into Warrington for some things and no , had to take the horse. A fine of 10s. including costs was imposed. Boys WILL BE Buys—Eight Warrington boys named Alexandra Jones, Robert Fairbrother, Henry Glover, Harry 'Townley, John Robinson, George Jones, James Callon and William Callon were charged with stealing a number of apples from the garden of Mr. Edelsten at Grappenhell on August lith.—With the exception of Alexandra Jones, Robert Fairbrother and William Callon all pleaded guilty. It appears that the boys" made it up" to go into the garden but when th iy got to the gate the three boys who pleaded not guilty " became feared and ran sway," as use of the boys described it. A constable stated that there were three apples found on each of two of the boys. The Bench ordered the parents of each toy to pay 3s. 6d.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL CHURCHES.

Church Box Broken Into.

A box in St. Pal' s Church was broken open by a thief a few days ago and the cash contents abstracted. The exact amount, however, is not known, though it is believed that one or two pew rents had been placed in the box.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Preferment for Former Local Curate.

Rev. A. Inglis, M.A., formerly curate at Winwick and at Holy Trinity Church, Warrington, has been preferred to the living of New Piteligo, Aberdeen— patron, Lord Clinton.

_ . Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. There was a good me sting on Sudday, presided over by Mr. Fl. Osborne, wha spoke upon Coriat's readiness to receive men when upon earth.—Mr. W. Twiss gave the address on " Ile receiveth sinrers." Whatever Christ did gave displeasure to the Pharisees. but the poor individual seeker received help and salvation.— Mr. Osborne read the lesson, and the Secretary led the prayer. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mos. Bac., presided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey Adult. School Harvest Festival.

The above school held their thanksgiving services on Sundai last and they were in every way most successful, both morning and evening services bAng well attended. Mr. Firth, Police Court Missionary, delivered a stirring address to the men at the morning service and in the evening Mr. George E. Mortimer, of Eccles, Wits the speaker and gave a most pleasing address on " God's bountiful goodness and mercy." The President (Mr. H. Gray) and his committfe wisbei to thank moat heartily those who no kindly gave fruit, flowers, &c., and also to the workers for the artistic manner in which they decorated the school. The fruit banquet was held on Monday night, which concluded a most successful f esti cal.

• Buckley-street PS A. Society. The half-yearly distribution of prizes took place in connection with the above last Sunday. The chair was occupied by Councillor James Skelland, who was at one time superintendent of the Sunday school. The prizes IMO distributed by various members of the committee, and the occasion was made specially interesting by the presentation of a Communion Service to the Church from the P.S.A. Society. Excellent singing was rendered by the Bewsey Male Voice Choir, under the able conductorship of Mr. W. Wright. Miss Lee was the pianist.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
OPPORTUNITY FOR OUR READERS

The fairing frank, outspoken statement by a Warrington woman tires our readers an opportunity of gaining information which will be beneficial to many. -

"After my last confinement I began to suffer cruelly with backache and gravel," says Mrs. M. J. O'Brien, of 244, Winwick-road. Warrington. " I was a'most crippled with the cruel pains in my back. I I could not stoop, and when I got to bed I could scarcely move. I got up every morning feeling tired and worn out. My limbs ached, and I was troubled with dizziness. Everything seemed to be swimming rourd. There was a lot of gravel in the kidney excretions, which were painful. " I was ill for a long time before I tried D,,an's backache kidney pills; but until I used this medicine I got no better. When I began to use Daan's pills I soon felt an improvement, and after three boxes I was quite well again. " I shall never forget the go ,e 1 these pills did me. They cured me after other remedies had failed, and I had begun t think I should never get better. lam like another woman now as far as health is concerned. (Signed) Mary Jane O'Brien. " 2,9 a box, 6 boxes 13/0; of all dealers. Ask for , DOAN'S backache kidney pills, like Sirs. o.Brien bad.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
BOY SCOUTS IN CAMP. Rally and Ctibreh Parade.'

en the tlag being Isolated the buglers sounded the " General Salute " whilst all the Scoots saluted. Scoutmaster Hurley then read a *bort portion of scripture and had a nice quiet talk to the lads. Prayers followed and then the order to dismiss for breakfast , wee given. Last weels-eni proved an auspicious occsaion for the I Breakfast over, the scsuts male themselves "spick members of the let Warrington Troop. They had and !wan " ready for church. This being Use tat invited several troops, whom they have met during the Warrington'. monthly parade. The Seouts were led camping seasee,,o join them at camp. Rad', Common through the fields to Church by a combined Sti;le Band. wan indeed an ideal Imo', and the weather WAS at its On the route they were joined by several Warrington best. The let and Bth Warringtons were early on the Scouts and ales by Scoutmaster Varley of scene, under Assistant Scoutmaster Bennett and Scout- the let Farnworth Troop who had cycled over. master Foster respectively. Tents were qaickly erected, St. Peter's church was reached in good time. and preparationa for tea made. Whilst this meal was The Chaplain of the let Warrington Troop (the Rev. B. in progress the Ist Earlestown Troop under Scout- Percival) conducted the service, whilst the Rev. J. 11. master Huxley arrived. They immedia.ely net to work Garnett pieached the sermon. The march back to to get everything in order. lathe meantime Assistant camp occasioned a great deal of iiiterest. Dinner wag seputemast ir Bennett and a couple of his Booms pro- heartily welcomed on arrival back to camp, and after a c imptilsory hour's rest an organized brtbing parade needed to meet the tat Farnworth anl the 2nd Widnes (St. Mary's) Troops, was the next artier of the day, the Sc tuts and Scout- All the troops arrived safely in camp. Th. f 'Bowing master adjonrniog to a neighbouring psint for that being rtpresentedt—let Warrington (Assistalt Sauut- purpose. During the interval before tea several

Photo OnPram

THE IST WARRING'

maeters Bennett and Shepherd), Bth Warrington 1 (Scoutmaster Foster), let Esrlestown (Scouthcaster Huxley end Assistant Scoutmaster Upton). Ist Firs- worth (Petrol Leader Gordon),2nd Widnes (St. Harrel, (Scoutmaster Lloyd and Roberts and Assistant Scout- master Sweatman) and Ist Frodsham (Soout J. Pilling). There were close on 100 scouts in camp. After a conference the Scoutmasters arranged a"aight attack." Scoutmaster Roberts and Assistant Scout- master's Bennett and Sweatman taking cherge of the attackers whilst Scoutmasters Fritter, Huxley sui Lloyd the defenders. The attackers first made their way to town ancl after a short time there, they split forces and approached the camp in various ways. The , bright moonlight and the open country made it practically impossible for the attack " t succeed. After an hour's skirmishing the" Rally " was sounded, the defenders having kept the camp safe and also captured several of the attacking party. The Scouts quickly retired to their tents thoroughly tired out after the hard day's work they had gone through.

- - - Reveille sounded at 6.30 on the Sunday morning. After a short time the Scouts rallied the fl I g pole and

••,. V s. , ".,.... . .... ~ , • . ..,,...,... , ~... tr io,ill. . -Te V , ' 4„. 4 t , • - , -'4,‘ %,.. ' ,r *ll 111\110, ~,,., ~,:-..,,,,, A' _ okilt ,07. . I. 4 '1• ' ' ,q. 4. ' .'. * - ' ' • • '''' t ' ~4 N k t-`3' '' • '' - • , I 4 . .„,.• ..,„„ . . „. -

===== 0002601_19110916_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHOOTING TRAGEDY.

HOW MR. F. G. TAYLOR MET HIS DEATH.

" A Pure Accident."

" A. pure accident" was the phrase us,d by the West Denbigshire Coroner (Mr. Robert Davies), in describing the tragic circumstances under which Mr. Frederick George Taylor, aged 3, eolicitor, Warring- ton, met his death whilst out with a shooting party at Cern, Lear Denbigh, on Ftiday of last week. At the inquest on Saturday the full details of the lamentable occurence. were given._

Henry Taylor, 1, Bereeford-street, Warrington, a brother of the deceased, gave evidence of identifica- tion. He added that when he last saw his brother alive ten days previously, deceased was in his usual good health. Philip Carlyle Garnett, of Penketh, near Warrington, with whom deceased had been spending a holiday at Cefn Main Farm, spoke of the slacoting party at Plas Meifod which deceased and he accompanied cn the day of the tragedy. There were five guns and four beaters, deceased acting as one of the beaters. Mr. Taylor never carried a gun. They started about ten o'clock, and at the time of the accident they were in a turnip field. The party was split up and three nuns and three beaters net off along the turnips. Witness, Mr. Posnett and the deceased remained behind. Witness and Mr. Taylcr were sitting on the hedge bank, and Mr. Posnett wood up. The latter expressed his intention of g dog with the three guns, which were n t above 70yarcla oftand asked them to take care of his coat till he came back. He believed that Mr. Posnett hit coat off whilst he had the gun in his hand. Witness was not actually watching and the gun and &tat might have been on the side of the hedge at the time. He did not see the position of the gun when it went off. He immediately attended to the deceatml, who had rolled over, but was still on the hedge bank. Deceased dil not utter any sound. He found that Mr. Taylor had been very badly shot on the left side of the head, above the ear. Death was instantaneous. He could not say how the gun went off, or explain how the accident happened, but in his opinion the affair was a pure accident. Robert Harold Ps nett, leather manufacturer, Runcorn, stated that at the time or the occurrence deceased was lying on the bank, whilst witness stood facing him. Whi!st he was in the act of giving the deceased his coat the gun was under his right arm, pointing to the ground. Witneas was standing close to the feet of the deceased and about two yards from his head. His coat was in his left band, ends, he was transferring it to the deceased the latter partly rose when taking the coat froin him. Deceased reached out with his left hand for the coat, and the gua went off when he was in the act of taking it. He conld not explain bow it went off, but certeinly he had not got his hand on the trigger. The gun was on " safe " when on the bank, but when he was ready to start it might have been at full cock. It was the back trigger that went off and possibly a button caught in between the triggers. Witness exercised every care and the whole thing was a pure accident. He desired ta express his deep regret at the distressing occurrence. Dr. Jackson, Grove-place, Denbigh, said the injuries sustained were to the whole portion of the half of the left side of the vault of the skull, and death must have been inst cutaneous. _

000.0 .0.0.0. 00.0 The Corouer said that from the evidence it was quite clear that the affair was a pure accident and not due to any carelessness. It must have been a matter of seri'ma trouble to Mr. Povnett.

The jury returned a vordict of " Accidental death " and the Coroner joined with them in an expression of deep sympathy sith the family and friends of the deceased.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL

A touching simplicity characterised the funeral of the late Mr. Taylor which took place at the Warring- ton Cemetery at noon on Monday. It was the wish of the family that the ceremony should be as quiet as possible, but so many townspeople were desirous of paying a last tribute of respect to one who bad been ,so actively ideutified wi h good works, that the attendance was a very large and representative one. There were no carriages, the mourners walking from the house to the Cemetery, which it only a short distance away. Following the relatives came a long procession, including numerous members if the legal profession, friendly society °a:leis and deputations from various organizations with which the deceased bad been associated. At the Cemetery gates the cortege was met by the Rector (Rev. Canon Willis) and the Rev. T. Vickers who conducted the last riots in the chapel and at the graveside. The coffin bwe the simple inscription " Frederick George Taylor, died September 6th, 1911 ; aged 38 years." Oa it was placed one beautiful wreath, "With tenderest remembrance from Mr. and Mrs. Robert Posnett.".

The chief mourners were: Mr Fred Taylor (father), Messrs Henry, Arthur, Wilfrid, Bert and Percy Taylor (brothers), Mr W Dyke, Mr Ernest Dyke and Mr. J W Dyke (cousins), Mr R E Gainett, Mr and Mrs P C Garnett, Ur HH Elliott (Northampton), Mr Stanley

===== 0002601_19110916_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
/N TROOP IN CAMP.

visitors were shown over the camp. After tea prepara- tion; for st rising camp wore mate. The Widnes and Fornworth tr tops were the flr4t t 3 leave, they having close on ten miles to march. Assistaut Scoutmaster Beinott condocted them to Sso'tey Bridges. The Esrlestown troop quickly followed ant the tat and Bth Variigtoaisas. The camp hid indeed proved a gloriotu success. It brought out the three promises mods by a Ssout oo hi; enr illment which ore :- 1. Ti serve God and the King. 2. T. help others at all times, and 3 To obey the Scout Law. . . .

03e of the &lout Laws rends as follows :—" A Sonut must be a Brother to every other Scout:' This law was indeed brought strongly to the front by the great bond of friendship which existed amongst the Scouts. The ides of the Rally was to " waken op " the move- ment in the towr,and juiging by the interest occasioned during the week-end, the Ist Wayrington Troop bas evidently succeeded in its object. Any youth between the ages of 12 and 19 who wishes to j,:in this troop must caller communioste with Scoutmaster J. Walsh, 83, Butterrnarket stree., or Assistant Scoutmaster Bennett, 130, Rattersby-lene, Warrington.

Walton (cousin of the deceased), Mr Stanley Wright and Mr J Hesketh Wright, of Birmingham (cousins), Mr John Walton, Mr John Eleaketh, the Rev Charles Posnett (brother of Mr R H Posnett), Mr Ge trge Kenyon (Cheadle Hulme) and the Rev E Powell (Greenfield)..

rho folloiving reprerentatives were present : Messrs H Greene!' and Cm—Mr Henry Gresnall (who was accompanied by his son, Mr J E Greenalß, Mr E James Hall, and Messrs G H Smith, T P Bradshaw, T Sergeant,G W H BaMes,H H Bretherton, St dney Brintelow, H Smith, Leonard Norcot,, and the Mimes Blackstock and Fletcher.

Soici,ors.—Messrs J Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Vera B Davies, W J Forshaw, Arthur Browne, J Longland, H Woods, A J Willett. C II tinsworth, W D Jeans, jun., T S Stevl, II J Westbrook and T R idgway. Parish Church Officers.—Councillor J U Cr. ik (rector's warden), Mr Edward Isherwood (people's warden), Councillor J T Locker and Messrs U W A Brown, It Antwis, It H Collin, E Hill, It T Harding, J T Whittle and It Lee.

Parlth Church Choir—Mr F 31 Datby (organist), Mr W Scotson (bon treasurer), Mr P C Price, Mr y Dennett and Mr A &akin (bon secretary). Parliamentary Debating Society.—Messrs W El Stansfield, E England, G Wilson, Alfred Perris, F A Jenkins, C if J Johnstone, Charles Plinstm and J Blank.

Warrington District Independent Order of Odd- fellows (Manchester Unity,.--Bros Gi id Lester (Grand Master), T P Forbes TP Bradshaw, G F Freeman, A E Spann, T Leigh, W Daintith, G Bighorn, N McQuire, E Steel, J W Davies, J Ellison, G Warburton Steel, A Pennington and A E Burdett. Chiblien's Buri.il Society (of which the &ceased was assistant secretary).--Bros S Taylor (president), F Webster (vice-president), J H Norbury, T Rigby, W Watson, G Ashton, D Whitham, W Houghton and Alban Boyle.

Druids:'—Bro. Ti Lees. Order of Foresters (Warrington District).—Broe. George Maybury and G W It Baines. Estate rs of the Corporation.—Aldermen Smethurst, Fortlaw an I Bennett, and Councillors Rogers, Henshall, Birtles, Craik, Toole, Bellian and Steel. _

Conservative Club (Sankey-street). Mr A Collin (hon. secretary), Councillor Behan (boa. treasurer) and Mr It H Daintith.

Junior Conservative Association.-- Mr Harry Rogers (bon treasurer) and Mr W L Williams. Warrington Cricket and Bowling Club.—Alderman Forshaw, Councillor Birtles and Mr Frank Turner, see.

_ People '8 College.—.6lr. Edward Wallington —(:1;ad master).

Parr's Bank, Ltd.—Mr William Sikook. Messrs Pearson and Knowles :—Mr CI Lynton Brimelovr.

Warrington Society.—Aldermin Bennett. Firth Company.—Mesars S Taylor and George Smith (directors).

Photographic Society—Messrs J P 1 Kettland an James Harding.

Others present included the Revs E C E Carleton, G B Thurston (rector et Lymm), Jan Davies and G W Dickinson, Mr and Mrs Charles E Parker, Messrs H Bereeford Melville, J C Withioshaw (Penketb), J W Hayward, R Gsrnett, L Greening, John Fairhurst, H Grosvenor, W II Gores, W S Haddock, R Higham, H S Page, W S Howard, A M Ker, Or Langdale, Dr Peacocke, Messrs J H Smethurst, C D Parkinson J, W Bibby, W Ashton, R Kennon, George Wallington, LA Voissy, J A llookes, A Wood, J Hesketh, J F Foster, John Taylor (Liverpool-road), W Dutton, F G Mitten, Samuel Wright, C H Houle, LI Evans, FE White John Gandy, It Gandy, T Weston, William Walker, Dr Bennett, Messrs Leonard Bennett, P H Bennett, W, Dilworth, Joseph Taylor, G Il W Steel, S Dale, Place, Day, E Hall Coates and Joseph Houghton ; Mies Shaw (late mistress of the Fairfield Infants' school), Mrs Stansfield (bead mistress Fairfield Girls' school) aud Mrs E Osborne.

Many exceedingly beautiful floral tributes were sent by rela,ives and friends of the deceased and the various organisations with which he was c ,nnected. The funeral arrangements were cartied out by srnet Co, Warrington and Liverpool. AT THE PARISH CHURCH

The services at the Parish Church on Sunday were of a memorial character, for Mr. F. G. Taylor was one of the most active and highly respected officer, of the church. In the morning the hymns included " Let saints on earth in concert sing with those whose rest is won " acd " Light's abode, celestial Salem "and at the close of the service the congregation stood while the organist, Mr. F. M. Darby. MII3. Bac., gave an impressive rendering of the Dead Mirch in "Saul.' At evensong the choir sang with much feeling the anthem " The souls of the righteous are in the bands of God "and the congregation joined in the solemn hymn" Brief life is here our portion." The RD:79R preached from the words "And the King was much moved, an.l went up to the chamber over the gate, and wept ; and as he went thus he said '0 my son, Absalom, my son, my son, Absalom ! Would God I had died for thee, 0 Absalom, my son, my son !" (11. Samuel, :via., 33,) Canon Willis dwelt upon the untimely and unnatural death of Absalom, who was shout 30 years of age, and might have counted upon along life, but he came to ' an untimely and unnatural mid. The grief of David was intense. The death of their young friend and church officer, Mr. Taylor, had canoed a great shock and grief to all in Warrintr.n, the circumstances

being no sad. Having referred to the tragic circum- stances, and to the fact that it was by a pure accident that the gun we, discharged, the Rector said he wanted the et ngregation to understand what kindness was shown by the neighbours, and by the Noncon- formists, who opened their chapel for the reception of the body. There were, said the Rector, three great looses. There was the great loss to the town. They thought a great deal of their able and capable men, and en important occasions and in great crises they liked to have men who could advise them how to act. They had every reason to believe that if God had spared Mr. Taylor's life he would have become a very prominent character in Warring- ton. He was much trusted and thought of by his firm, and be believed the whole town felt that is had sustained a lora. But his death was not only a loss to the town, but to the Church They always valued his opini n at their Church Council meetings and attached great weight to it, for he mass lawyer, and, though he was ac mparatively young man, his legal knowledge was often of great use to them. He was a foundation manager of one of the schools. and the congregation knew what a great interest he t oat in the p trochial sale. A large pr? portion of the profit was often devoted to parochial institutions, and it would be remembered that he took the very greate-t interest in the sales and dii every- thing he could for the good of the church and parish. Then they could all undardand what a terrible I was hit death was in his own home. He was the eldest ant. The father had leaned upon him and thought so much of him, that he (the Rector) remembered Mr. Taylor, gen., once saying to him. " Fred haa a good head on his rhouldera. " It wars a t Itching sight to see father and son ; in fact. he hardly ever went up Manchester-road during the afternoon without seeing the father with the son, ofvn taking his arm They could, therefore, well u tdersatrul that the death mass very great lons in the hone There were three lesson% which might be drawn from the accident. The first was that good came out if evil. There war nothing which drew neople together so much as a calamity. Occasions of joy drew them all together, hut not so much as sad occasions, He trusted that in this case the death, which they all deplored, would draw them all nearer to ore another. Then, secondly, David's trier was for art unworthy son, who did not deserve his father's affection, but on this occasion the regret was for a worthy eon. No acn amid have been more to his father than Mr. Taylor was, and they could, therefore, understand the iirtensity of the father's grief, but he earnestly wished ' him to realize that that grief ran lessened in accord- ance with the goodness of the departed. David said, " I shall go to him; he shall not return to me." lie could not have had any hope of meeting that son here- after unless it was God's good pleasure for him to do so. But in this case the grief was great, and the j and the hope was this, that the father and son would meet again, because the son, they had every reason to believe, was a good man. The best lessons to be learnt were Oa need of preparatima and the uncertainty of life. Who would have thought that their friend, who was in the prime of life, was going away to his death? They all expected to pee him back again in his place at church, and yet God had seen fit to take him in a momerd, without the chance of preparation, except the preparation of a good life. At the close of the service Mr. Darby played Chopin's " Much Funebre," the congregation standing.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
MAGISTERIAL REFERENCE.

Prior to the business of the Court at Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday sympathetic reference was made to the sudden death of Mr. Taylor the deputy clerk.

Mr. If. TALBOT, the presiding magistrate, said that it was his painful duty to refer to the sad accident which had removed from their midst one who had been of great assistance to those on that Bench and one who would be missed greatly in Warrington. Their sympathy went out to the family of the deceased, and not only to the family but to the friends of the deceased who were present when that awful accident took place. As far as they ;the magistrates) were concerned they had always found Mr. Taylor to do his work in a most business-like manner and he (Mr. Talbot) was sure that the Bench would feel his loss. He believed that the deceased had been employed by Mr. Oreenall practi- cally all his life. Mr. H. GRBENALL (the clerk) said that the deceased had been employed by the firm for upwards of 19 years. During that time he had proved not only a capable and honourable man but an extremely loyal and favourable man.

T. S. STEEL (solicitor) said that on behalf of the solicitors he would like to associate himself with the remarks concerning Mr. Taylor. The members of the profession had begun to lock upon Mr. Taylor as a man of great promise, and that personally he had lost. great friend. They were boys together and had grown up together. They often came in contact, and be had found Mr. Taylor the soul of honour and virtue. Whether in social or business matte's he had never known the deceased do either an unworthy or an unhonourable act lie (Mr. Steel) was sure that all the solicitors in Warrington wou),l desire to express sympathy with the aged father and the members of the family in their sad and very sudden bereavement. Superintendent ENNION, on behalf of the police expressed sympathy with the relatives of the deeded.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDVELLOWS' CONDOLENCE.

At a largely attooded meeting of the C3ostitution Lodge on Saturday, the death of Mr. Taylor, who Wal a Past Grand of the Lode. was formally announzed bj the Noble Grand, Bro Willism Warburton.

P.P.G.M. T. -§; -.ST-1tE1.,-i-n--PrO—p-s;siti.o7.vote of sym- pathy, said Bro. Taylor's death had come as such a shock to him (Bro. Steel) and had no pained him, that be dared hardly trust himself to speak to the TOSOI,I- - Hon, which he had got op to propose. He knew what were the feelings of the members, but what must be the trial totheir Secretary and his family ? They all knew how devoted the late Bro Taylor had been to bin father in his declining years, and the great affection that exiled between father and son. The breach which had been caused could never be filled, but it would be a great consolation to their Secretary to know that in this hour of trial he had the deepest sympathy and prayers of his brother Oddfellowe. He the speaker) and the deceased were boys together; they studied for their examinations together. They both belonged to the same profess'on, and had been brought into close touch with each cther during the greater part of their lives ; in fact, the night before the late Bro. Taylor left for the fateful holiday he wrote to him (Bro. Steel) making a business appointment for Mond ey, when he hoped to return to huffiness. Bat it had been decreed that that appoint- ment should not be kept, and instead they would be committing his body to the grave. They knew the interest the late Bro. Taylor had taken in Oddfellow- ship and they had looked forward to the day when he would have occupied the proud position of Provincial Grand Master in the Warrington district. (Hear, hear.) He was a member of their Order, of whom they were justly proud, and they all deeply regretted that he had been no suddenly taken from them. He should 'rico to pay a tribute to the uprightness of character and the honesty of purpose of the Into Bro. Taylor. fie (Bro. Steel) had been closely connected with him in business matters and in other relations of We, and be could safely say that throughout the whole of that connection he had never known him to do a dishonourable action, brit in all bis dealings he had been strictly honest and straightfor- ward. (Applause.) His loss would Ire greatly felt, hut to none no much as his dear father, whom they greatly respected in that lodge, and to whom their heartfelt sympathy went out in the great loss he had sustained. He moved : " That this Lodge expresses its deepest sympathy with P.G. Frederick Taylor (the secretary of the lodge) and his family in their sad sad sodden bereavement by the tragic death of Bro. Frederick George Taylor, a Past Grand of the Lodge, and extenda to them the .heartfelt condolence of its members."

Pros. G. IM. P ETER LESTER, in seconding the resolu- tion, said it was extremely sad that such an honourable career should so early have been brought tot close and under such tragic circumstances. Bro. Taylor was making a name for himself in the profession in which he was engaged, and they as Oldfellowe bed been j lady prod of him as a member of the" Constitution" Lodge. They ,ympathised with the family and eapecially their secretary, who had only recently recovered from • very serious illness. 'Applause). P.P.G.M. ,11,E111 TAYLOR spoke of the affection shown by the deceased brother to his father. and P. G. WILLIAM WATSON, who had been a friend of the family for over GO years, added his testimony to the high character of the deceased brother. P PGII Thom.. Rigby, PPG M William Daintitb, PPG kd John Sorbury, PPG M C. F. Freeman, P PG U ft. Halford (tbe last two brethren members of the' Prince of Wales" Lodge), Pros D G M Ilerbert Abitelegg, P C A E. Burdett, Bro Ambleton and Bro John Ellison, the tyler of the lodge, spoke in support of the resolution which was passed in silence.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY HURRIED BREAKFASTS ?

A FINE FOOD FOR THE EARLY RISER

The long foodless hours in some trades need to be specially considered, and their bid effects guarded against. This is particularly trite of those who rise early and perhaps have a journey to make t. their work.

The hurried breakfast of the early worker is often the soorce of serious ill-health. The human body 01114 hsve sufficient fo-d—lack of nourishment lower,' the vitality and lays one open t the attack of disease.

The bulk of the food taken is not of great conse- quence ; what matters is the amount of real nourish- ment contained therein. Those who drink the great food-beverage, Vi-Cocoa, have the full benefit ol the most wonderful restorative in the world. Because of the ingredients which it contains, the stimulating and nouri-hing effects ofVi-Cocoa are felt for hours, and leave no eaction behind.

Try a sixpenny packet—teat for yourself the great strength-giving p .wers of Vi-Cocoa. Do not ask your grocer for cocoa."—ask for

===== 0002601_19110916_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Wawa

—lt makes all the difference. Every grocer sells Vi-Cocos in na. packets ald :11. and Is. fd. tins.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Two Distinguished Women.—The tragically sudden d.ath of Mrs. Thurston, the brilliant authoress of "John ChilCo:ls, NIT." :ingularly resembled that-of another gifted novelist, Mrs. Craigie, known to the reading public as John Oliver Hobbs. Four years have passed since the death of the latter, and she, like Mrs. ' Thurston, was found dead in her bedraorn in the morn- ing, after retiring overnight in apptrently good health. Mrs. Craigie was forty when she died, and Mrs. Thurston was only thirts -seven. Of much the sameage was Mrs. Itsmsay MacDonald, wife of the chairman of the Parliamentary lAboor Party, whose death is a great loss to the case of women workers generally. She was an able speaker and fluent writer on social and politi:al questions, an active member of the National Union of Women Workers, as well an several other similar organizations. Before her marriage, fifteen years ago, she wee Miss Margaret Gladstone. daughter of [Jr. J. H. Gladstone, first cousin of the great Liberal statesman.

Flies and Dirt.—Tottenham housewives are not e little indignint coocerning a circular which has been issued by the medical officer of health. "Flies in the house," it states, " indicate either a careless or ignorant housekeeper. or both; remember, where there is no dirt ,there are no flies." This only shows the folly of overstating your case. It would have teen nearer to the mark to have said" there are fewer flies," but to say there are no flies where there is no dirt is nonsense, and few houses in the kingdom would escape the implied censure if it were true. A more practical step in the campaign against flies has been trkeo by the Dublin health authorities who are encouraging their destrnetlon by psyhog three pence for a paper bait filled with dead like. They supply the begs which require about 12,000 flies to fill them. That would seem to be no light task to undertake for three pence, but then of course the monetary reward is not the chief consideration and seeing that there is a regular trade is dead flies for chicken food, health authorities generally might new their way to paying more, and perhaps making a profit- able municipal business of the campaign simian flies. Flies and disease.—After the flies the moiquitoes, which are the cause ol bringing a good dell of work to the doctors in several densely populated districts of London. That disease he/soften arisen from contsmiii Won from flies, is undoubted, and to this cause is attributed much of the infantile cholera which has been so deadly to the many young during the exceptionally hot summer. Some amazing figures have been notified in many towns relating to the high rate of infant mortality due to this disease, yet, it is said, that the sea water cure for it, discovered liy hi. I/ linton, of Prods, is sure, effective and unexpensive. There is a Quintes dispensary in London, which has been the means of saving the lives of hundreds of babies, and seeing that the remedy consists simply of the hypodermic injection of specially treated sea water, It is surprising that the formula is cot in practice at hospitals and infants institutions throughout the country, The Deadly Toothbrush.—The lack of news during the holiday season has had its usual result in causing sores of the papers to enlarge upon the dreadful subject of microbee, which seems to b 3 introduced with an object similar to that of the fat buy in the Pickwick Papers "To make your flesh creep m'ano." This time it is the toothbrush which is the subject of the warnings, sod we are told that it is a dangerous carrier of microbes. S I remedies are suggested which do not seem to help us very much, as for example the boiling of the brush after each spplication, which rominds us of the wan who discoursed very eloquently concerning the greater healthfulness of coal fires, in comparison with gas- stoves.—`• I presnme sir, " said somebody, th it you Sr. a physician." —"No sir, lam a coal merchant." —Another sugeestion is that cheap brushes should be employed and thrown away after once using—it being added that small efficient toothbrnsties can be obtained fore penny a soiree. We may be grateful to the people who would fain caution us against unsuspected dangers but these remedies appear to be worse than the microbes, and unless somebody cat suggest something more con- venient we shall either have to go on using tooth- brushes as befora, or else employ sticks like the neg roes.

The Much talked of Crinoline.—For a long time, at least,. sear, there hsve been whisperingn ant indica- tions. that the present silhouette styls of dress would, in the near future hr superseded by the crinoline. The swing of the pendulum demended full skirts, geld the designers, and now the crinoline or an npology--and rather a poor one—for It is to be sees in the most &dam:lced show rooms. it consists, not of hoops, hat of a s'lffened skirt, which is very wide in comparison with the hobble, and trimmed with a series of niches, often pinked out at the edges, which give en appearance of fulness. Of two evils choose the lesser, used to he a copy book maxim. The silhouette may, when exaggerated be an evil, but it pales into insignificance when compared with the other extreme, the crinoline. The hobble skirt, ugly and inartistic as it was, inconveniences only its wearer, but the distended skirt inconveniences everyone In its vicinity, and there is little fear that this practicsl work-e-day generation will adopt it. At any rate the women who work in offices ant who travel in tram, train, and omnibus, could not possibly take up no inconvenient a mode, althletic end sporting women too are mittens, debarred. It mey be concluded then that if seen at all, the crinoline will be relegated to evening stress. Undoubtedly the tailored dresses of this winter will be fuller, but the present becoming graceful style will be general. Very flat pleats are seen at the side of the tailored skirt. and these give a discreet fulness. Occasionally the pleats are placed at the back. Forthcoming' Millinery—Wild eats aaaaa nee seems to be thy distinguishing feature of murh of the autumn's millinery. Happily not many of the extreme models will be popular, and will never be seen outside the milliner's showrooms, for no woman possessing tbe slightest claim to good taste could wear such monstrosities. However, every season sees fashion's vagaries St its commencement, but the impossible are by degrees weeded out, and the really artistio and becoming remain. This sutumn will prove no exception judging from the advance styles in the big showroom., but before very long matters will improve. Velvet in still extensively used, as the foundation, lining and trimming for hats, and velvet fruit promises to IMP a popular as silk and satin have been. Many new bats have velvet plums, grapes, cherries, etc., as trimmings and the effect is very good indeed. IVirh the early Victorian revival., fringe most necessarily have • vogue. It not only trims run dresses, scarves, bop, shoes, tunics, costs, etc., but has found its way into the milliners' departmenta. A new node], with bowler shaped crown, and fairly-wide has its crown composed entirely of overlapp,ng rows of silk fringe. Another fringe which is most becoming and seen on some of the handsomest bats is of ostrich feather.. It is generally placed on the brim, and has • softening effect, very suitable to the women past her youth. Never was there greater variety in millinery. Every country seems to be laid miler contribution by designers who know how to adspt the Russian Ifongik's cap the Esjby turban, the Turk's fee, or even the hat of the heathen Chines, to the fashionable woman's face, and fest Ore., and what is more, with happy results in any inateoces.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

, . , ... ' , z • , ilI ti... . 1, f • ' . t ' t 4 ' .5:73h, 1 '-.t. ~-,N , r...., . ..,,,k,„,„,. ~ .. .. el . # . % 14, # * 04:1#4101110. "A , • ,'" •," f - _ - - I ~ . . -, , ~,, . •-• ' ,A., ,I,Al,l)rot 1,54° • - • .. ,144,' .4cofe ' : ~t • ..4tt‘'),... '''*:' ~._.......--...

===== 0002601_19110916_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FIRST AERIAL POST.

For the first time in this country mails were carried by aeroplane on Saturday from Hendon to Windsor. A strong north-easterly breeze made flying a risky matter, but Mr. Hansel pluckily volunteered, and leaving Hendon at 4.58 he arrived at Windsor Castle at 5.11, a speed of about 105 miles an hour. The mail-bag was handed to the Windsor Postmaster and taken by a cycle postman to the Windsor Post Office, where the letters and cards were sorted. Mr. Hamel afterwards flew back to Hendon with mails, and was carried shoulder high by his enthusiastic admirers. amid loud cheers. Our picture shows Mr. Gustave Hamel beside his machine.

• , . , 8 r !14.7M73.TA7i2Y-'-'4,l,Ncrfi*MT,W.iiiira ° goo A. IgA XLs

===== 0002601_19110916_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
A RAILLESS CAR

Various Corporations in the country have been experimentiul for some time with railless cars. In Bradford, one of the first places to adopt them, the experiments have proved so successful that the Corporation recently decided to extend the system. The cars are driven by electrical pawer, supplied by twe. overhead wires, and transmitted to the car by two trolley arms. Our picture shows a car on the Laisterdyke (Dudley Hill) route.

Under the title of "My Own Story," Signora Toselli, the former Crown Princess of Saxony, will publish this week her autobiography. It will be remembered that alter leaving the Crown Prince, she married Giron, a Belgian Tutor, and later, Signor Toselli, a Florentine Pianist. Her matrimonial affairs have occupied from time to time a prominent place in the newspapers.

The match for the Sculling Championship of England this week resulted in Ernest Barry easily defeating his challenger, Fogwell, of New South Wales, and Champion of New Zealand, and thus retaining his title as champion. This is Barry's third Championship w:n.

4 , , k - - • - • ' v ,11110 P • • ' , - • •

EX-CROWN PRINCESS OF SAXONY.

. , . .. ... . , - , ;:,,4-,, .. -„,,:,,.;:, i it.'.‘„i'.:.. , , • ,„-.„.;-..:=,,,, 1 411t,;,,,,,,,‘,,, ~'i.71,-.- !. .. , ....,,.. ~,:.,,,, , . • , • _ ...„,..• c41,74t ~,,, ...,,. - •• . ~,,,,, _.. ... „..44 _ .... .0...._ „. ~ . ..________,__......--, ... iir....gik_______:_,:_ :

IHE SCULLING CHAMPION.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WINTER'S MILK.

Why Cheshire Farmers Want a

Shilling a Gallon.

The comic il of the Cheshire Milk Producers' Asset it- tion met at Crewe oa Monday, Mr. 11..1. Tollemache presiding. A discussion took place upon the position of the milk trade it was reported that the little rain which had fallen hal not been sullit.ient to make any appreci- able difference in the pastures. It was also stated that the turnip crops had suffered moat seriously, and 13 many cases looked like being a total failure. This meant that one of the principal foods up trt which farmers relied for producing milk would not be avail- able, and could not very well he replaced. The Council decided to lame the following report and rroominenthtion to the members of the association "Owing to the prolonged drought, which has burnt up the pastures, and also caused a great shortage in the hay, straw and root crops, the prospects of winter keep for the dairy stock are very poor. In addition to this artificial feeding stuffs have increased in price, and are still going up. In spite of the heavy increased exprenditore, there has been a falling-off in the output of milk of from 25 per cent. to 30 per cent. as compared with other years. In slew of these facts, the Council are of opinion that milk cannot be profitably produced during the coming winter at a less uholesale price than Io per imperial gallon delivered. They, therefore, recommend that for winter milk only contracts for Manchester, Liverpool, Birmingham, and other town') should he at the rate of Is. per imperial gallon." The Council also recommended prices for twelve

month,' contracts for early milk, ordinary dairies, and milk or I distani,3o by rail,

===== 0002601_19110916_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
RIFLE SHOOTING.

APPLETON RIFE CLUB V. NATIONAL SERVICE LEAUUE.

An iner-club match took plane between the above, on Saturday last, at the Appleton Rifle Range. The weather was fine and the light good for shboting, and it was generally agrced that the match was very pleasant and interesting. The conditions were t Ten shots sods sighting shot, its decimal target at 100 yards ; possible score, 100 ; the best eight scores to count. Below, the individual Jeerers are given, from which it will be well Gut the Club proved victorious by 34 points. The arrangements were ably carried out by the respec- tive Secretaries, Messrs. Ball and Shepherd. APPLETON RIFLE CLUB. NATIONAL SERVICE LEAGUE C P Dar A Shepherd 93 J W Plinston J Sankey .1 Bramhall W Asbbrook Si H WhitAeld Bl A Pitt E Pollard B5 P J Waywell F C Bennion

706 672 Counted out. 78 T R Ashworth 7l ~. 74 T Taylor 68 P Harrison J Ridlard 59

F C,owley .1 Towers

===== 0002601_19110916_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

MR. TAYLOR'S SAD END.

...••• • •-• • •••••••• •.• •-••-••• •-••• The deoadful mishap whereby Mr. F. G. Taylor lost his life vas cola of a lameniable suocesaion of

inch accidents. Unforunately they are to be reckoned sun rig common tcurrenees ; indeed, season I after season scarcely a week passes without one or incre I appenings of the kind. Realising the s gbiticance of this, and the fact that with care and fo-m,ight a considerable percentage of these fatalities m;hlit have been avoided, be conduetots of at least o e yopular journal have published illirtrated articles showing in detail, not orly how human lives are often ii jeopardy owing to the thoughtlees handling of fitearms, but also—which is more to the point— whet rccautions ought to Le systematically observcd by sportsmen ard others carrying loaded guns, pirticularly when passing through hedges, crossing stiles, cr in any circumstances of spacial daileo-r. Ooly a few months ago, a gentleman of my acquaintance prematurely d'echarged his fowl- ing j iece in the field, with the result that a quantity of shot was I dged in the face of his attendant, the nmequences being exceedingly painful, of course, though hpppily not fatal. I also knew intimately one of the oldest magistrates' clerks and County Court registrars in the count y, who has just passed away. As a young man he, in like manner, lost the sight of one eye while grouse shooting. With reference to the latest 1 cal instance I have no opinion to express, in fact, heel that to obtrude my personality in that care would be gratuitous and impertinent. The _ ' -

griPeral F abject, however, baaila lessons, and tbey are Or'sufllcient public iceprtanee to call tor occasional

emphasis. rilE BELLE VUE CONTEST—AND AFTER.

On Saturday last, I paid a visit to Harelcastle- crags, known to some local readsra, no doubt. Situate I at that extremity of the West Riding of Yorkshire I which is nearest to the East Lancashire border, this pleasure resort is no of the most succes ful rivals of the popular Bolton Woods on the Dukeof Devonshire's , Yorkshire Estate. 011 the hoardings in Liverpool I have seen huge posters advertizing it as 'The Switzerland of England," and a Manchester clerayman of my acquaintance who professes to know his Switzerland entlmeirvtieally declares that 'the latter country has no scenery ti beat that of which I now wiite. I would not intentionally mislead any who do not happen to be familiar with the lecality 83 warmly commended by me pushing vicar, and I am bound to confess I regard his opinion upon this subject as an amiable exaggeration. But all this is somewhat wide of the mark I bad in view at the outset. I had intended simply to explain that the 'dace referied to is in the neighbourhood of Ilebden Bridge, the headquarters of the brass band that beat n_t only Crosfield's, but also Foden's, at the recent Belle Wee contest. I found the district placarded with bil's announcing a conmrt by the "Champion Band of the World!" That is bow the modest wieners of the challenge cup and 150 bear their " blushing honours thick upon them." By-the- bye, I there fill into company with an origioal sent of local character, Joseph Stansfield by name, whose proud boast it is that he has attended no fewer than 58 out of 59 September contests in question. He told me of another celebrity in his wity whose Cahn to distinction consisted in his proved ablity to " eyt three doilies (/' muffins at a sitting "—a " doffin' of muffins" being the four which the houses ife usually puts into the oven on one cake tin, so that the champion is able to consume a d.,zen tem-cakes at a meal. " WHEN KNIGHTS WERE "-- 1 was so glad tat Watrington appreciated " When Knights wet e bold." Those numerous townsfolk who share four critic's adruitation for that clover and most atnnsing Ittree will perhaps be interested in an incident in relation thereto which came under ley own observa- tion a couple of rears ago. Having wituersel and been very favourably impressed by the play on its production in London, 1 strongly advimid a friend of mine who was about to open a theatre in his native town to secure it by all means. He decided to try it for three nights as an experiment, and to my great surprise and perplexity and the disgust of the vi•iting company ef performers, it turned out a ghastly failure from the ell-intoortant financial standpoint.

The whole thing fell as lit as the proverbial -ditch- water. Those who were present on the opening night were woefully lacking alike in historical knowledke and imagination, and no were utterly unable to com- prehend and intelligently follow the excruciatingly funny piece. In short, they c uld make nothing what- ever of it, and proceeded diligently to spread the resort that it was " all rot." Never before or since have I felt so ashamed of my fellow-creatures as I did just then. I could hardly doubt my own judgment as to the matter, and now that it has been so unmistakably confirmed by Warrington's verdict, I marvel more than ever at the dense stupidity of the inhabitants of the cotton district referred to, with its populat:on of 30,000 or so. OUR READING.

A brother scribe whom I have known at least half my life time, put it after this fashion a while ago. It nerd not all be serious reading. Serious reading, of course, every man and woman should seek to enjoy at times, the more regularly the better, for life is enriched ia the measure of one's knowledge of the worti's great books; but there is a time also for a little wholesome modern frivolity. Therefore, of course, he hastened to point that fit tion must not be neglected. It supplies the light and colour we all need to brighten and relieve the drab- ness of everyday affairs, and wisely chosen, it has an educational and en ethical value which more serious literature provides in less easily assimilated forms. This, and much more to the like effect, sprang to my mind as I read Alderman Bennett's extraordinary •jeriech at the Town Counril meeting in moving the confirmation of the minutes of the Museum Committee,

I have never in any degree shared the perturbation of alarmiits who are for ever magnifying the undoubted fact that the great proportion of book borrowers apparently prefer fiction to more solid literature. lure's a sense in which public library statistics are quite unreliable ; I nuan one who attempts to rear upon them a superstiucture of serious argument does but build upon the sand. I have always held, iny voucher being personal experience, that young peoVe with no natural taste for reading may well begin with something light and cumparatively value- less, and so be encouraged to " deeper sink and higher rise, and to per fectioa grow " not, to be sure, that I have myself" already attained," but I may humbly c'aini to be" pressing toward the mark," and cettainly began with really trashy and worthless tic ion such as is not to be found on the shelves of the Free Library. FICTION AND POETRY.

I may not elaborate nor add lengthily to this answer to one or two of the remarks which fell from the line of Alderman Bennett the other evening, especially in view of the extreme probability that indignant and vigorous opponents of that worthy's strange doctrine will this week claim the hospitality of your correspondence columns on the same account. I recall a former magazine article by Sir Gilbert Parker OM "Fiction : its place in the national life," wherein thc writer maintains that for 150 years fiction has played a part in the " criticism of life " which is as definite, if not as profound, as that played by poetry. It reveals (as he contends) the central, moral, and intellectual attitude towards all the grave questions which make the real history of a nation and the real p-aition of the great sociological problems. He rejoices to think that both England and America have masters of fiction yet alive who hold the flag high. Fiction in the United States has represented the birth of an intellectual life among the masses. Surely in that alone is abundant justifi- cation of the reasonable attitude now assumed; and how easy it would be to multiply sound arguments. To state the irreducible minimum, one of my reverend friends—a Swedenborgian a inister by the way—insists that every man shout,. possess and read " The Thoughts of Marcus Atirelius,'". The Imitation of Christ," by Thomas "The Pilgrim's Progress," " Homer's Iliad," " Gulliver's Travels," Robinson Crusoe," " Don Quixote," and "The Arabian Nights." These eight broke should be the stock in trade of all. Without a knowledge of , thent,one could not even follow the references in ordinary cotversation Cr in the daily papers. I think it is William Jewett Tucker who puts it thus A ' boy may forget his early teachers. No boy forgets ' his first books; no boy, at least of my generation, has forgotten his " Arabian Nights," his " Robinson: Crusoe," his " Pilgrim's Progress," his Plutarch. THE UM AND SUBSTANCE. ; Hastening to a conclusion, and necessarily ' omitting a great deal that might be written in support of those who, while really unsuspected students, use the Library for recreation merely, lam fain to concede a that after all there may not actually be a wide gulf I fixed between the few who are of Alderman Bennett's

way of thinking and the many wha infer that that gentleman is either seriously mistaken or greatly mis- understood. I cordially agree, r f course, that while fiction should be a recreation of the nobleet design, it must, like all other works of art, make for beauty and for peace. Above all,it should make for character. The books for all intelligent men should include history, , both ancient and modern, and the greatest masters in poetry, science, art and religion as well as fiction. Matthew Arnold was fond of novel reading, and he once advised his daughter to keep her mind elastic by reading fiction ; " only be sure," he added. "to have always some good b ok going." By a good book he meant one worth reading seriously. BM methodical ways remind one of Lord Morley's advice :—" Try for yourselves what you can read in half an licur . . . and consider what treasures you might have laid by at the earl of the year ; mad what happiness, fortitude, and wit-dom they would have given you during all the days of your life." Alderman Bennett may any I am rapidly coming round to his view point. May I repeat that all I am protesting against is the (as I believe, wholly unwarrantable as.umptions that the figures from time to time pub- lished in public library reports are reliable data upon which to base charges of frivolity and emptiness and folly againl the present and rising generations of book borrowers. As a fellow journalist pertinently and forcefully mired a while ago.—Who buys the chnap reprints of classics with which every bookseller's shop is crowded nowadays? That they are bought and cleared away ill thousands into the horn's of the people somewhere is manifest, r the publishers would t print, nor wou'd booksellers buy them. But where are the homes in which these reprints are to be found? And an answer was speetily forthcoming. A writer in the " Book It inthly "—a bright and informing causerie on books published monthly by Messrs. Simpk in, Marshall. and Co.—declares that they are to he found in the homes of " the skilled mechanics of our large industrial centres, and the colliers of the Welsh bills." " The wide range of the reading of the mechanic and the collier," he remarks, " would probably anions people "rho have not been brought into close touch with thern. The arlisao i., ass rule, more nimble- witted, more glib of tongue, than the slow-moving collier, and he shows a surprising interest in the poetry of Keats, Shelley, Byron, Burns, and Tennyson. Blessed with a retentive memory, he quotes freely, and he is by no means devoid of critical faculty. What says Alderman Bennett to this ? Moreover, it is added, the colliers know their Mill, and have more than a nodding acquaintance with Adam Smith, Marx, and Ruskin They can also dispute with you about Bishop Butler, Law, Newman and Spencer. Huxley and Arnold are not beyond their ken. And so forth and so on. This writer may tend vivatd the other extreme of exttivagance. Ile at any rate gives the rein t fancy when he argues from particular instances to a general conclusion ; all the same, many of us are decidedly of opinion that Alderman Bennett was also grievously mistaken in the line he took last week.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
p.,""-",,.."-wv•-"..--,•..„-,ww, ICHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB.

KITTIKIN. WHAT KI rTIKIN SAID TO THE KITTEN IN THE

LOOKING -GLASS.

Mi-a-o-u! What sort of a kitten do you call yourself, I wonder—and where are your manners, I should like to know? Here have I been standing for a quarter of an hour, saying all the pretty things I can think of to you, and not somuch as a purr can I get in reply. It is very rude, too, to mock me in that way, and imitate everything I do. My mother has always taught me to be polite to strangers; but perhaps you haven't any mother—poor thing; and never learned any manners. It is a pity, for you are a good- looking kitten—something like me, in fact, only not so pretty. Miss Jenny, my mistress, said yesterday, that I was the prettiest kitten in the world, and of course she knows, for she goes to school and learns lesson :4 out of a book. I thought a while ago that I should like to go to school too, and learn lessons. So, one day I started to follow Miss Jenny up the lane; but a great, ugly monster of a dog barked at me, and frightened me so. I thought I would learn to read too ; and as all the reading is in books, I thought the best way would be to eat one. But before I had eaten half a leaf, Miss Jenny came in, and she took away the book and called me a naughty kitten, and mother boxed my ears and sent me to bed without any supper ; so that I decided that reading was not good for kittens. Well, you strange cat !—not a word from you yet? Come, now, do be good-natured, and come out from behind that window. Such a grand frolic as we might have together! My brother Tom was given away last week. He jumped upon the breakfast table, and upset the cream-jug all over my mistress' new dress, and she said: "That comes of having so many eats about? One of them must go to-day "—and so, Tom went. Well, I cannot waste my time here any longer, for there is nothing to be got out of you but rudeness. I shall never come to see you again. And of all the ugly, rude, dis- agreeable kittens I ever saw— There—see what you've done! You made me so angry, I've knocked over Miss Jenny's beautiful blue and gold smelling-bottle, that her grandpapa gave her on Christmas. There, it has rolled off the dressing-table and broken into bits. Oh, I'm sure I'll get no supper to-night, and oh, dear, what shall I do? 0—oh! You've knocked your bottle, too! My won't you catch it, though! THIS WEEK'S STORY. THE MAN OF MEDALS.

Braggs : "You see that chap over there?" Phaggs : "Yes." Braggs " Well, he possesses more foot • ball medals than any man in the city." Phaggs : "Great Scott! Is he an international ? " Braggs : "No, he's a pawnbroker." I KILLED A ROBIN. I killed a roVin. The little thing With scarlet breast and glossy wing, TEat comes in the apple-tree to sing. I flung a atone as he twittered there ; I only meant to give him a scare, But off it went —and hit him goitre.

A little flutter—a little cry— Then on the ground I saw him be ; I didn't think he was going to die. But as I watched him I som cmild see Ile never would sing for you and ins Any more on the apple-tree. Never more in the morning light, Never more in the sunshine bright, Trilling hie song in gay delight.

And I'm Chinking every summer day, How never, never I can repay The little life that I took away !

-BY 811,NEY DARE.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO CURE RHEUMATISM.

Go I any Chemist or Drug-store, and ask lir the flowing prescription : One ounce of Infusion of Gentian, one ounce Syrup of Rhubarb, one ounce Liquid Barkola Cornrow!, and five crimes of Syrup of Ginger. Let these be well shaken together and take • teaspoonfull after each meal and one at bediime. This simple recipe is the famous Barkola Prescrip- tion, which since it was first prepared by 1)r. Flood • few years ago has done so much ti relieve the pangs of Rheumatism, glut, and all uric acid diseases Very many thousands of cases hove been entirely cured by it, and its fame has extended all over the world. It is especially useful in severe cases of inflammatory rheumatism, and cures when everything else fails.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
PILGRIMAGES

THE HOME OF "OLD PARR."

MOST FAMOUS OF CENTENARIANS

During the first General Election of 1910 I accompanied a friend, an ardent campaigner, on a hazardous motor trip into the heart of the Peak District to fetch a voter from a lonely hill-side farm. The other side were after our man too, a circumstance which made my companion indulge in reckless driving in the dark and gave me a most uncomfortable time. We got Ithere first and pollel our man, and while fortifying ourselves for the cold journey back the conversation turned upon the advanced age of the man we had just taken to record his vote. Then as a natural sequence we talked of Old Parr and his wonderful age- record. .

One of our rivals was present and began to cast doubts upon the veracity of Old Parr's tablet and averred that at any rate Yorkshire could provide a better example of longevity in one Henry Jenkins who lived to be 169. At the time I classed this as an election" inexactitude" such as the other side always indulge in, but a friend has sent me a picture post card of Henry Jenkins, whose record he came across while cycling near Bolton-on-Swale last year. I have sinc3 in a book on centenarians read an account of a meeting between Jenkins and "Old Parr" who were contemporaries. Jenkins, it is stated, was born at Bolton-on- Swale near Richmond in 1500 and followed the employment of fishing for the most respect- able period of 140 years. When about 12 years old he was sent to Northallerton with a load of arrows for the army of the Earl of Surrey. At York Assizes in 1655 he proved an ancient road to a mill 120 years before, and died at Ellerton in December 1670 aged 169 years. Such is the record as claimed by the

village of his birth and burial and, if it be correct, he richly deserved the monument they gave him in 1743. Jenkins age appears to be as well or as _ _ . _ _

little verifielasiVat of Old Parr. Parr was , certainly as John Taylor the poet said, an "old, old, very old man." When he died, but we, practically, have only his own word for it that he was 152. But he convinced many reliable people that he was correctly stating his age and it is of no use trying to give disproof at this late day. Even the sceptics are willing to admit he probably reached his 120th birthday nnd that surely is enough for his fame.

. „ r*. • . .

Photo, Mabel 1". Bu•wet OLD PARR'S COTTAGE.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
A RUN THROUGH SHROPSHIRE.

Those who want a pleasant afternoon can spend it where this prodigy of an old man spent his lifetime, and they will find it most interesting. He was a Shropshire man this old Thomas, and they show you the house among the Breidden Hills where he spent his long tale of almost uneventful years. There is a glamour and floral luxuriance about the Brieddens which is not soon for- gotten. We left Oswestry for the Welsh- pool road passing to Four Crosses and thenee to Llandrinio. Here we made a short stay to visit the old church and shortly crossed the Severn which soon unites its waters with the Vyrnwy,atthis point the larger stream of the two. The Breidden Hill had been a conspicuous object for some miles and it was now quite near on our right, and we were within a mile or so of Rodney's Pillar, which according to the inscription thereon, was erected to Admiral Rodney, by the gentlemen of the county. As the road rises about 500 feet above the highroad, we were unable to ride, but had a pleasant walk through a lane, beautiful with July wild flowers. The foxgloves were at their best and their colour magnificent. Then we had the honeysuckle and the wild rose to cheer us at intervals, and wild strawberries for refreshment. It is a spot to encourage centenarianism and we came in sight of Parr's country quite ready to believe great things as to his longevity. Reaching the summit we turned to the left to Wollaston in order to see the tablet to Old Parr in the church. The building had been closed for repairs, and we were apprehensive . . . .

, that the tablet would have been removed, but on calling at Wollaston lodge we found that it was still ir. the church, which is shortly to have a new roof, the present one being in a dangerous condition.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVED UNDER TEN KINGS AND QUEENS.

The brass tablet hangs over the pulpit and gives details of the the reigns—ten kings and queens—in which he lived. The brass does not appear to be of ancient origin, hut prob- ably takes the place of an older one,as there are marks on the church wall where some such memorial has been previously fixed. The churchyard at Wollaston has not been used as a burial ground and it is laid out almost like a garden and looks most cherful. Adjoining the yard there is an ancient Saxon burial ground marked by a high tumulus, which, with the old trees on the top, quite overshadow the small church, and there is another tumulus not far away. PARR .8 COITAGE.

The ladies at the lodge presented us with photos of the church and tablet, also of "Old Parr's Cottage," which we now went to see. Remote from the highway, it is approached by a road that is little better than a cart track. It is timber built and thatched, but was then empty. A very old tree stands oppo- site with which some legend of Parr is con- nected, but there was no one to give us the story. The position is very fine. It is 5001 t. above sea level, faces South-west, and is sheltered comfortably by the Breidden Hill. To the front there stretches a view of the Welsh mountains, and at the back a long reach of agricultural country cheers the eye. We learned on the way back that the house had been empty for some years, and our informant told us that Parr was not the only person who had seen his 100th birthday there, for one, Mrs. Davies, had lived to be 101, and had been followed to the grave by 70 descendants.

THE GUILE OF OLD THOMAS.

Whilst we are here we had better recall the

tale which the poet Taylor tells about th wily old man. "He had had three leases in the house and all had expired. He took his last lease of his landlord, one Master John Porter, for life, with which lease he had lived more than fifty years, but the old man would for his wife's sake, renew his lease for years, which his landlord would not consent thereto; wherefore old Parr having been long blind ' sitting in his chair by the fire, his wife looked out at the windows, and perceived Master Edward Porter, the son of his landlord, to come towards their house, which she told her husband, saying, 'Husband, our young land- lord is coming hither." Is he so' said old Parr; ' I pr'ythee, wife, lay a pin on the ground near my foot, or at my right toe,' which she did; and when young Master Porter, yet forty years old was come into the house, after salutations between them, the old man said, ` Wife is not that a pin which lies at my foot ? " Truly husband,' quoth she 'it is a pin indeed.' So she took up the pin, and Master Porter was half in a maze that the old man had recovered his sight again; but it was quickly found to be a witty conceit thereby to have them believe him to be more lively than he was, because he hoped to have his lease renewed for his wife's sake as aforesaid." Which shows that Parr did not live his century for nothing.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIED AT A HUNDRED AND TWENTY.

But we are forgetting to give dates. John Parr, the father of the famous Thomas, was an agricultural labourer in Alberbury and it was in 1483 that his son was born. Thomas through his long life followed his father's calling. Until the age of 80 he was a bachelor and then married his first wife with whom he lived 32 years. At the reputed age of 120 Ihe married for the second time.

His life seems to have been uneventful enough. When presented to Charles I. the king said " You have lived longer than other men, what have you done more than other men." Parr's reply was "I did penance when I was a hundred years old." The thought of Parr, aged 150, standing before the king, reminds one of Jacob and Pharoah, but it is pitiful to read his anwser. '1 he explanation is that he had been forced by the clergy to do penance as punishment for an intrigue with Catherine Milton, the woman who afterwards became his second wife. The penance consisted in standing in a white stu,et at the door of Alberbury Church.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
lIIS TRIP TO LONDON.

I” the year 1635 Parr was reputed to have reached the age of 152 and had been visited by the Earl of Arundel. His lordship was struck by his appearance and induced him to pay a visit to London. Parr agreed and the Earl set himself to provide for the old man's comfdll. This is the record of his effort. "He commanded a litter and two horses (for the more easy carriage of a man so enfeebled and worn with age) to he provided for him; also that a daughter- in-law of his (named Lucye) should likewise attend him, and have a horse for her owne riding with him; and to cheere up the olde man, and make him merry, there was an antique faced fellow, called Jacke, or John the Foote, with a high and mighty no beard, that had also a horse for his carriage; and likewise one of his honours own servants, named Brian Kelly, to ride on horseback and to attend and defray all manner of rejoicings and expenses; all which was done accordingly." •

===== 0002601_19110916_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
BURIED IN WESTMINSTER ABBEY.

We can picture the cavalcade leaving the old house for London. The old man left it never to return. It would have been far better had Earl Arundel resisted the temptation to make a "lion' of him. Owing partly to the fatigue of the journey and the unusual and exciting life in the capital with the crowds of visitors who flocked to see him, Parr fell ill and died. The famous physician Harvey examined his body and declared it most healthy and without any trace of decay or disease. Had he been left in the pure air of Shropshire he might have lasted many years. He was laid to rest in Westminster Abbey on November 15th, 1655, and his monument may still be seen there. It is a curious thought that the tenant of this thatched house went straight to a grave in the Abbey. Surely no man ever got a place more easily.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW TORY PARTY

Why Not Call It - The Antique

Bantams '' ?

There are in Nature certain organisms, described as" fissiparous," that regularly undergo a process of splitting up into parts and seem to enjoy it. That appears to be the condition of the Tory party just now, for the announcement was made on Tuesday evening that a nem party, or association, is to be formed, whirls is ta be " auxiliary to the present Conservative forces, " and will, if all goes well, have Lord Halsbury, the " antique bantam" ;of the " Morning Poet, " for its first president. It would make a not too easy test in political knowledge to be asked at a moment's notice the title of the different Tory parties that bare been, or recently were, actively engaged in political warfare against each other. There is, of courue, the great Tory party itself, the fissiparous parent of the others; but there were, also, the" Die Dards," an extreme faction of whom were known as " Last Ditchers." Then there was a section that began as "Die flards," and ended by earning for themselves, in the Tory clubs, the only title by which they are known to p litical history that of "Trait irs. '

To go a little further back, there were the Tory Tariff Reformers and the Tory Free Traders, and the former were split up into" Whole flogger*" and mere Preferentialists. There have also been Tory Home Rulers, who call themselves "Devolutionist.," and whose chief (to his sorrow now) was Mr. George Wyndham. The circular in which the formation of the latest party is announced is addrevied to L-ad flalsbury, land is u follows . I We, the undersigned, desire to express to your lordship our high appreciation of the consistent attitude maintained by you in opposition to the ' Constitution wreckers. We welcome the new spirit infused into the Unionist party, fired by the notion of yourself and your colleaguea. We desire thM. the movement then insugutsted shell be perpetuated, and 1,0 kelp towards this cud propose to fqrm ourselves into an association, not in opposition to, but nutiliary to, the present Conservative forms. We trust you sill h moor the usociation by becoming our first president. We welcome the new party, and, as to still with- out a name, we should suggest that it .hould call itself " The Antique Bantams." " B. N. C.'.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
New Watchword for Militant Tories.

In the fierce Gn.l-tught on the offirial Tory party which appears in thiv month's " tist.onal Review " occurs the following sentence : Any attempt by whomsoever made to replace our beads wader the Balfour's. yoke is doomed to fsilare.-13.51.0. We were ruzeled to know (says the " Daily Chrosicle ") what the mysterious letters " B.M.G. ' stood for. We now find that it is a new formals adopted by, the militente—their policy, crystallised into three letters, which stead for three words. The words are:—

BALFOUR MUST GO.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR SERIAL,STORY.

[ALL RIGHTS EESERVEII.

heara sum run aownstairs .in slam time tront door before I could get up from the kitchen. I hope you're not angry, MiSS. I hope he did come here with your permission." "Yes, it is all right," said Rebecca, "I know about his visit. You acted as I should wish you to act, Lucy." "Thank you, miss." said Lucy, feeling a little bewildered:..'"but.l.don't understand." By truscneg Mr. Loam:tale you am right, he is worthy of trust," continued Rebecca. "OA, indeed, yes," replied the girl. "I feel sure, miss, on that point." She hesitated for a minute, looking from time to time at her mistress. "You have something you want to say to me," remarked Rebecca. "A man has been this morning; he came quite early. He asked for an interview with you, miss." "What did he want?" asked Rebecca. "Ile called from the Metropole Hotel. I told him you were not up yet, and he said he would come again. Ile had a message he wanted to deliver to you, miss, in—in person. What am I to say if he comes again?" "That I cannot see him," replied Rebecca; "and that any message is to be delivered to me in writing." "I will tell him, miss, of course. Yon don't look well, Miss Henshall, and it's I that am sorry to see it." "I am anxious, Lucy. We all have our troubles of one sort or another." "Oh, dear, dear mistress!" said the girl; "but it do seem hard that you should have fresh sorrow just after the master was took." "I shall live through it," said Rebecca in a stout voice; "that is, if you and Harriet will help me. I want all my friends to help me, and they can only do so by asking very few questions and by obeying my directions implicitly and at once. Now go; there is a ring at the bell; the meisenger from the Metropole has probably returned. Put the ehain on the door. Lucy, before you open it." "Yes, miss; certainly, miss. Now I won- der," thought Lucy, "if that awful Mrs. Deepe is at the bottom of this." A dark man, neatly dressed in the Metro. pole livery, stood oa the steps of No. 9, Pad- dock Row. He inquired if he might have a moment's interview with Miss Henshall. "You cannot see my missis," replied Lucy. "She says the message, whatever it may be that you wish to 'convey to her, is to be in writing." With the most wooden face imaginable, the servant from the Metropole gazed full into Lucy'a eyes. She wondered at the depth, darkness, and craft of his own. "You're quite a pretty girl," he said. Lucy coloured with indignation. "I don't want you to tell me 'so," she re- plied. "If you have no written message for my missis, I want to shut the door, for it's a very cold, nippy sort of day." The man gave a gentle and sad smile. He then produced a letter from his waistcoat pocket. "You will take this to the young lady," he said. I should have preferred to see her, but this will convey the message." "Thank you,'' said Lucy. "Shall I wait to know if there is an an- swer?" "No," replied Lucy. "Then I will call again in about an hour, for that letter contains something urgent." The man bowed in his gracious way, and went down the steps. Lucy felt that she hated him. Holding the letter gingerly between her finger and thumb, she fetched a salver, placed the letter on it, and brought it to Rebecca. "He's the queerest man I ever saw, miss. He ain't, so to speak, like any Englishman. He had the manners of a prince, and his eyes are black as night, and his smile so sad, it might a'most make you weep. He sort of fascinates me, miss, and yet I hate him. He tried to pay me compliments, but I soon shut him up. I am an English girl, thank good- ness, and don't take to foreigners. I shouldn't wonder, now, if he's a Nihilist. Do, for the lord's sake, be careful how you open that letter. Shall I lay it on the table? do hope to goodness there's no danger in

'':;ft's perfectly safe,— said Rebecca, with a

smile. When Lucy had gone, Rebecca opened the letter. It's contents were brief: Kara Yusuf, requests the

The Sltrza

pleasure of Miss Ilenshall's company to lunch, to-day, at the Carlton Hotel, in order to speak with her on the subject of her friend, Mr. Gerard Lonsdale. To obey I. to be wise."..

===== 0002601_19110916_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
A IYSTERY OF lA.YFAIPb.

JOHN STRANGE WINTER

CHAPTER XVlll.—Contirturd.

itebeeesi told ler story very briefly. ' when die had finished, Lonsdale was absolutely silent. "You see the position," she said. "Yes." _

save you," said Rebecca. Be turned and smiled down at her. His smile was very sweet, and the man behind in tli. overcoat saw it for a flash under an elec- tric light. The man grinned to himself. "I will save you," said Rebecca. " Walk faster." "Yon cannot save me," he said then. she replied; "what do you mean?" "Mere is no way," he answered, speaking rally. "You are not to blame. You are, indeed, much to be pitied; your own life, Miss Henshall, is far from safe. As to mine • -oh, don't fret. We must die once." "of course we must," said Rebecca, etoutly "When our time Comes, not before. You are young, you are not thirty vet. Do you think. that I, my father's daughter, will permit this grievous thing? You must leave I,ondon to-night." "And what good will that do?" "t know a place you can go to," said Re- becca. "Even the great Mirza, who is no powerful, cannot follow you where I suggest that you should stay in concealment." To escape is impossible," said Lonsdale. "If I had to do with an ordinary foe, if my enemy were an Englishman, or even a Rus- sian. I might have some chance. But there is no way out from the wiles and cunning of Lb. East. Those fellows have intuitions that you have not the slightest idea of. Believe me, my one great regret is that you in any manner should be mixed up in tliis." Rebecca suddenly stopped. "We are followed," she said. The words were uttered in a low tone. At that moment the dark man in the overcoat went very slowly past them. He did not turn his head. The next minute he had hailed a passing omnibus and climbed up on the roof. "That man has been watching us," said Rebecca. "I know it." "So do I," said Lonsdale. "I will tell you something more about that man. He is an emissary of the Miran. He has been in the hotel for the last couple of days. I saw him this 'morning. He wears the hotel livery. How he got the situation I cannot tell. He came to wait on me at breakfast, and I recognised him as an Eastern at the first glance. He stays at the Metropole to keep me in tot. It is all quite in keeping." "You must get out of his power," said Rebecca. "There is no possible way."' "I have thought of a plan. German?"

Do you speak

"Yes." "Let us talk in that language for • few moments, and please remember that the ser- vant from the Metropole is no longer follow- ing us." "He has gone," said Lonsdale, Municate with the Mirza." "Then now is our time," said Rebecca. 'This is my plan: it is very simple indeed.; there is no guile about it. By its very simpli- city, it may succeed." "Well?" "Please go straight home to my house. Ask Lucy to let you go up to my father's room. You and my father were about the same height and size. Put on an overcoat of his and leave yours behind. Wear his old- fashioned top hat and take his walking-stick. Have you money about you?" "Yes, plenty." "Then go," continued Rebecca, "straight to King's-cross and take the night train to Scotland. I have an old nurse who lives there. Her name is Jean Duncan. She is unsuspicious, sure, faithful. You have but to mention my name, and she will give you a royal welcome. Get out at Aberdeen, and asked to be directed to a place called Swan- shore. It is a desolate place, quite unin- habited except for Jean's cottage. In summer a few people come to it, but in winter those houses are empty. They will be empty now. Ask Jean to take you in. You can spend whole days alone at Swanshore—no one will look for you there. If there is danger you have an instant mode of escape at hand. Just below the cottage are deep sea caves—three or four. Get some provisions and put them Into one of the caves; and if necessary, and you find yourself pursued, take shelter. Have you fire arms?" "I am carrying now a small loaded revolver on my person." "Then you are really quite safe, for you can defend the narrow entrance to one of these caves in case of attack until old Jean brings the coastguard to your rescue. Do this at once." "But don't you suppose that Eastern fellow u ill follow me! Your plan is too simple." "Leave that part to me; I shall manage to throw dust in his eyes. Will you go, for both our sakes?" Yes."

"to corn.

"Very well; you have not an instant to lose. Do you see that crowd of people up there by the corner. Good bye ; get into the middle of the crowd; loge yourself there. !Then get on top of the first omnibus that passes and drive to the corner of Paddock Row. Ours is the red omnibus—the Favou- rite. One will go pact that corner in a minute or two.' '1 am amazed—stunned !" said Lonsdale, "but somehow I cannot help having the greatest trust in you. I will obey." The moment he left her Rebecca turned quickly and went back to the hotel. She en- tered through the swing doom and sat down in the hall. A man came up to her. She said the wan waiting for Mr. Lonschtle, who would ±ain her presently. rir and ny, mervaht who had tottoweo Rebecca and Lonsdale came in. He was reprimanded for being off duty, apologised humbly, and stared at Rebecca. He managed to pass close to Rebecca, and Rebecca said, in a low tone :

"I am waiting here for Mr. Gerald Lona- dale. He was transacting a little business on his own account, and was to meet me at the hotel." . .

.... The man did not show by his face that he heard anything. Rebecca presently ordered a meal to be specially cooked for her and, on one excuse or another, remained at the Iletropole until about midnight. Long before then the train to the north was on its rapid journey. She went away at last, saving that she should not wait any longer for her friend, and desired the dark- looking servant to give him a messsage to that effect when he arrived. She then re- quested a hansom to be summoned, and drove back to Paddock Row. Lucy was still up, and was full of impor- tant and suppressed news. "I know all about it, Lucy," said her mi.:- tress ; but don't say anything to-night: I will question yolk in the morning." Rebecca went to her room. She could neither sleep nor eat. Nevertheless, her heart beat with excitement and a certain sense of triumph. If only she could outwit Lons- date's enemies for sixteen hours, she would be safe. She believed that she had done this.

When she appeared at breakfast the fol- lowing morning. Lucy came in, looking flushed and excited. "Now. Lucy, you must tell me what hap- pened last evening," said her mistress. "Mr. Lonsdale called, ma'am," replied the girl. "He gave me a message from you to the effect that he was to go up to master's old room, and no one was to follow him or take any notice. Cook and me, we felt dreadful, but he was so determined that we didn't dare to say a word. Ile wasn't in master's room more than a few minutes, and tat himelf out of the house presently. I

===== 0002601_19110916_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XIX

LADY JANI RAS A MIDRIBS VISITOR.

Rebecca dropped the letter into the fire She was wine enough not to let herself int( such a trap. She ran upstairs, got Lucy tc call a hansom, told the girl to give the men- senger no information if he should arrivt again, and then drove to Lady Jane Halli- day's house.

Lady Jane. in a loose morning wrapper, was fidgeting about her drawing-room. She was fond of dusting some of her special zurios, doing so with the aid of a feather brush and a silk handkerchief. _ . .

"My dear!" she said, dropping both the brush and the handkerchief when the girl entered; "what an early call you are paying me; but never too early to secure a welcome. How are you, Rebecca? You look very pale, dear." "I have conic to plead for s great kind- ness," said Rebecca. "May I come to you as your guest for a few days?" "I 'tall be delighted, my dear child. You know now I long to have von, Rebecca." "I know your great kinaliess," replied Re, beers, "and. you may be sure that I apprc ciate it. But it is only fair to nay that I come now as to a place of refuge. It is not safe for me to stay for the present in my own house." _

"My dear child—what do you mean? I always said that valuable diamond was dan gerons. Has this mystery anything to dc with it?" "I cannot tell Ton, dear Lady Jane. Will you trust me without knowing? and will you take me into your house without my explain- ing why I must come to you?" "Indeed I will—and right gladly!" said Lady Jane. "You will be safe with me, my child. My servants are faithful of the faith- ful. I have not one servant in my house. Rebecca, who has not been with me for over twenty years, and I do not believe there is a man or woman in the establishment who would not, if necessary, go to any personal inconvenience for my sake. But, child—do you mean that you are in danger of your life?" "The danger is impalpable," replied Re- becca, "and very difficult to guard against." "Oh, come"—said Lady Jane, "fudge! I don't believe in impalpable dangers. Have you brought your dresses with you, dear?" "I will send a note to Lucy, presently, to ask her to pack some things for me." "Do so; and Horace, my youngest servant. aged thirty-five, will take it for you, and bring what you require back in a cab. WE shall have a pleasant evening, dear Rebecca. Mrs. Lorrinier is coming to dine, and you and Mr. Lonsdale with our two selves will make a pantie turret. We could have a rub- her of bridge, if you like, after dinner." Rebecca turned a little pale. "I am obliged to apologise for Mr. tons- dale," she said, "he is unable to be pre- sent to-night." "Why?" said Lady Jane. "I took such a fancy to that young man." "He has been obliged to leave London rather suddenly." Lady Jane looked full at the girl. Rebecca felt a wave of colour rising to her face. It passed. and the elder lady noticed how ut- terly tired and worn she seemed. The good lady rang the bell, and gave a neat-looking servant directions, l'resently she returned to Rebecca's side. "I have ordered the dressing-room, which can only be communicated with through in 3 bedroom, to be got ready for you, Rebecca. For if you are really in the danger you give use to understand, you need watching its and night. No one can molest you at night mikes the merino coulee through inv root%

winch •lwa)s well locked and bolted. but, my dear child, how long is this state of things to last?" _ _

• .-.„. "A day or two, I hope no longer," replied Rebecca. - • • •

She went up presently to the luxurious room which had been prepared for her. Here, surely, she must be safe. Lonedale by now must he far from London. Rebecca felt more and more sure that he had manages' to leave the metropolis without the Easterr servant tracing him. Each moment, as it pamsed, increased his chance of safety. She felt convinced that neither the servant nor his master, the great Mirza, would troubk her did they really know where Lonsdale wan Her heart beat with pleasure. and hope re- vived. She felt more sure than ever that she had managed by the brilliancy of her scheme to outwit the great Eastern Wen tat".

An hour passed. Rebecca's reflectione were disturbed by a gentle knock at the door She opened it, and found Lady Jane's owe elderly maid, Silver, standing outside. Silver presented her with a perfumed note. "The messenger is waiting for an answer,,' Said the woman in her most respectful tones Rebecca. standing near the door, took .4he.. note and opened it. It was dated from the Carlton Hotel, and ran as follows: "I ne Mirza Kara Yusuf awaits Miss Hen shall's reply to his invitation. /lc trusts sin will see her way to call upon him, as re Ticked. There is danger in delay. li. haste and swiftness lies the path of safety."

Rebecca raised her eyes. "Please, Silver," she said, "tell the men senger that there is no answer to the letter.' Silver went slowly downstairs. A man with a dark face was Mantling in the ball. "You had best go," said Silver, in a curl tone. "The young lady has no answer tr give to the letter." The man gave a gentle smile, and tip-toed to the door. A servant with grey hair, wear jug Lady Jane Halliday's livery, let him out. In his spacious apartment at the Carlton Hotel, Mirzn Kara Yusuf waited with whal patience he could for Ktim to return. When the man entered and zalaaincil before him. he said in that quiet tone which always hid the intense turmoil of his real feelings: "The letter, please--your note with regard to Gerard Lotuntale."

!Clint salaamed twice, each time bowinE lower, so that his head almost touched tin, ground. "Alas, slue! your Excellency," he said "What is your poor faithful slave to dot nu Englishman. Long&le, is not to be found. and the lady. Mies Henshall, refuses to give any answer to your letter." The Mira& was silent for a few minutes. He went and sat down in his chair, placing the tips of his long white fingers together and looking attentively at his hands. After a minute, he turned to the servant, who stood shaking in every 114mh, notwithstanding his Eastern stoicism.

"You understand that you have failed?" "Your Excellency. th 2 wisdom and guile of that young lady are beyond the conception of a son of Persia. I saw her in a passing omnibus, and climbed up to send your Excel- lency a message—when I returned the young lady and gentleman had parted. I have not seen Mr. Lomat&le. since." "Enough," said the Mirza, speaking in great anger. "You have utterly failed. I have other servants who in future will attend to my business. Oct ready to leave London to.clay." _ _ _

A look e once of relief and despair came like a flash on the Easter's face.

"Yon will go to Marseilles and put yourself into the hands of Seleucus. He will need you. On the faithfulness with which you discharge the duties he will set you to execute, your chance of life depends. Get ready; you are useless in London. I will take this matter into my own hands." The man salaamed obediently and left the Mirzia presence. In a quarter of an hour the great Mire. was driving abroad in his carriage. His Eastern servants drove his horses through the Lon- don streets. Their dress, rich with all the pomp of Persia, attracted attention. The horses were coal black, and most magnificent animals. The Mirza, unaccompanied, was seated in the carriage. He was dressed like an Englishman, except for his fez. His face was very dark, very inscrutable. The carriage presently drew up outside the house of Lady Jane Halliday. One of the servants sprang from the box and rang the bell. An elderly servant in Lady Jane's claret coloured livery flung the door open. The other servant bowed and asked if Lady Jane Halliday would grant the Mirza Kara Yusuf , a moment's interview. .

George, the footman, said he would in- quire, and went upstairs to Lady Jane's dra wing-room. Now, it was one thing for Lady Jane Halli- day to offer a refuge and home to Rebecca Henshall, and another thing to be denied any share in the girl's secret. She was the kindest of women, but by no means the wisest. She had been deeply interested by Silver's account of the dark Eastern servant who had brought a letter to Miss Henshall, and who had got such a curt dismissal from the young lady. Lady Jane sat in her drawing-room, tiad earnestly wished that Rebecca would COMP downstairs. Rebecca remained in the dress- ing-room with her door locked. Lady Jane hoped that Mrs. Lorrimer would call. She would not betray dear Rebecca for the world, but she might hint to her friend that this visit on the part of the girl was con- nected with the mystery. Then there came the sound of horses' hoofs in the street below, and the sudden cessation of noise out- side her door, followed a minute or two later by the entrance of George with a card on a salver. "His Excellency begs to see you for a couple of minutes, my lady." Lady Jane felt her heart beat. A Persian —a If ins—a man next to the Shah in rank and dignity! He was calling upon her ! This was really exciting. Of course she would see

him. "Take down my compliments, and say I shall be pleased to give the Mires an inter- view," said the lady. George withdrew, and presently the dark and handsome Oriental entered Lady Jane's presence. He bowed to her, and she bowed to him. She asked him to be seated, and he sank gracefully into an easy chair. Lady Jane looked at him with increasing pleasure and appreciation. How foreign he was how striking! how handsome! She wondered if she might secure him for one of her "at homes." He would be the lion of the party. But what had he come to see her about? She waited for him to speak. , An Oriental is not true to himself if he hut ries. The Mirza was always prompt in action, but he never hurried. He waited now calmly for Lady Jane Halliday to get over her astonishment. Meanwhile, he was taking the lady in, measuring her, and assuring himself that he could easily get so foolish a woman into his power. "To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?" said Lady Jane then. And the Mirza spoke at once. "You will pardon me, I hope, Lady Jane Halliday," he said in his flute-like voice, his enunciation very slow, his English perfect, "but I have come here to make a request of you." "Anything in my power," said Lady Jane. looking into those marvellous, deep eyes, and then feeling constrained to look away. "I know it, dear lady," said the Mirza. "The moment I saw your face I felt sure that you were gentle as the dove and wise as the serpent. I have only ventured to trouble you to make a few inquiries. You have • young lady staying at the present moment in your house of the name of Henshall—Miss Re- becca Menshall, of 9, Paddock Row." "What of that?" asked Lady Jane, who felt that she must be careful, and yet could not see why she need deny the fact that Re- becca was visiting her. "I am anxious to have an interview with

that young lady, said the 'lima. "How very interesting !" thought Lady Jane. She could not possibly connect danger with the fact that so gracious, handsome, wonderful a man wanted to see her friend. Still, however, she felt herself hesitating. The Mims read her thoughts as "clearly as though she had spoken them aloud. He was a profound thought-reader, and prided him- self on the fact. " Madam." he said very gently. "I base a most important message to give Miss Re- b.scs lie•uamil. hut the fact hi. She 15 afraid

one who WOUla be Der beet Menu.-

- "Is it possible?" cried Lady Jane. "Yes' dear madam," said the Mirza, speak- ing in the saddest of voices and putting on • pathetic smile that would melt a heart of stone, "it is true. I have written twice to the young lady, requesting the pleasure of her company in order to do her an inestimable service, and she wili not even reply to my letter. She is afraid of me, but without cause. If she were to see me, everything would come right." "I am very much puzzled," said Lady Jane. "I cannot understand Rebecca's rude- ness. It really does seem rude not to have even answered your letter. Did you say you wrote twice?"

"Yes, madam ; once to her own house, and once I took the liberty of addressing a letter here."

"Oh—then," said Lady Jane, "it was your servant who brought that letter! My maid, Silver, was very much excited about it." "Perhaps, madam," said the Mirza, "you could induce Miss Henshall to change her mind, and to give me a short interview." "Here—do you mean?" asked Lady Jane. The Mirza considered. "I think not," he said then. "I can best convey my meaning to her in my own private suite of apartments at the Carlton Hotel. Can you induce her to accompany you there, madam? I should not dream of seeing the young lady, except in your presence. With you by, I would convey to her the warning which is necessary for her safety." "Oh, then," said Lady Jane, taken com- pletely off her guard, "you•are aware of her danger?" "1 know of it but too well." "It is real, then?" said Lady Jane. "Very real," replied tile Mina, Thiry im min

'ant, very certain." I love her like a daughter," said Lady Jane then, "and would do anything in the world for her. I cannot understand her refusal to see you, or even to reply to your gracious letters. She must altogether mistake your intentions." "She does. Her danger springs from a source which I alone can turn aside—a word with her will suffice. I must have that word. May I ask you and Miss Henshall to honour me by drinking tea with me to-day at the Carlton Hotel. I trust to you, Lady Jane Halliday, to use your persuasions with Miss Henshall. If you cannot bring her, will you come alone? But I shall hope to see you both." . _ .

"I will do my utmost to bring Rebecca," said Lady Jane, "and in any case / shall be delighted to go. lam much interested in Persia, and 1 am certain that you can tell me delightful stories about it. You will, per- haps, permit me to send you a card of invita- tim. for my next Mt home'?" "Dear madam, I shall be proud to be amongst your guests." A minute or two later the Mirza had de- rafted, but not before he had raised the jewelled hand of Lady Jane Halliday to his lips. - -

(To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19110916_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

Crowded audiences have been the rule again this week at the popular Palace and the programme has given general sati,faction, though, in our view, the entertainment was completely spoil( d en Monday by the vulgarity of an 'eccentric comedian" whose jokes were mostly a medium f.a- indelicate suggestion. Edward Crosland's Melody Makers were a most enjoy- able contrast. They combined mirth and melody with real skill, the part.songs being excellently rendered. Their scene is entitled " the Burglar's Deans," and the burglar has a very trying time when surrounded by capering goblins wh9 overwhelm him with octaves, cadenzas and the like. Sandy McNab is a genuine Scotch comedian who has struck a new vein of humour in he sketch " King Pharaoh." Sandy fills the roIC (not roll) of a mummy and is handed over to a half mad physician who proposes ta experiment on him with the" elixir of He." Sandy, for a consideration, mummifies himself and occupies a very Egyptian- looking coffin labelled "King Pharoah." The scene which follows between himself, the Professor and the latter's daughter reduced the audience to paroxysms of laughter, and was the feature of the evening. A very smart performance is given by The Ives, brother and sister, in ballpunehing— a physical recreation which looks e.isy, but is exceedingly difficult. The Gilbert sinters excelled as simultaneous dancers, but would be well-advised to " cut " the vocal part of the turn, as singing is not their forte. Dolly Rees was well received in her ballads and coon songs, and a singing and dancing duo by Barrie and Wood came in for generous recognition.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
A BANDMASTER'S FINE RECORD

A Physical Wreck through Debility and Bloodlessness, he regained New Vigour and Health through Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

The family record of Bandmaster Howarth,

the yopolar., condunto;

of die '3rd East Lanes, R F.A., _is.. one to be

proud Of. lie represents the fourth generation of

his family r 0 serve with

the colours, and it is Lie proud boast that throe of his eons are in the

aim)'., In. an .interest-

ing interview given too

journalist recently, tbei bandmaster, nbo resides!

it. George's'

Bolton, relatkd

the following particulars of a long illness that robbed him of all

strength, and describt d how he was bnuht BANDMASTER HOWARTH. back to complete health, (Front Photo.) with renewed vigour, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills

for Pale People. Bandmaster Howarth stated :—" While at Aden, where I was stationed with my regiment, the famous Sherwood Foresters, my health first broke down. My blood became weak and impure; eruptions broke out all over lily head, and I had dreadful headaches, so that I could not bear the weight of a helmet. Then I had an attack of Mediterranean Fever, and nothing seemed to help me. The pains at my back and loins felt as though something was gnawing at me. At last any sufferings became so intense that I could not be put to bed, but I had to sleep sitting in a chair. All the nourishment that I could take was soda water and milk. They would have invalided me home, but I was too weak to travel.

"Reading of a case of Debility being cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, I sent for a sapply ; after taking a few boxes of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills my illness was checked. As I persevered with the Pills my strength returned. Soon I could walk about and was able to take solid nourishment. After a time the pains disappeared from my loins, my spine grew stronger, and I was able to sleep well in bed at nights. Gradually I resumed my duties with the band. Thanks to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I was I soon quite fit, and returned to England better in health than when I went away." Mrs. Howarth and her daughters corroborated the facts related above, and added many words of praise for the benefits which they had derived from Dr. Williams' Pink Pills when aniemic. .

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are obtain- able of dealers, or direct from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, E.C., post free 12e. 9d. a box, or six Ix ire for 13a. 91. Remember

that only Dr. Williams Pink Pills have cured CS SIM like the above; so avoid all substitutes and the shops where they are offered.

—Aro ,\ a' 5 -7V .4N4 1, .

===== 0002601_19110916_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
MAYOR'S TRIP TO AMERICA.

The Mayor of St. Helens (Alderman J. Beecham), with his son, Mr. Thomas Beecham, the well-known conductor, left Liverpool for New York by Use Lositsnia on Monday. This is Alderman Beecham's fifty-drat trip across the Atlantic. In conversation with • correspondent, be stated that the I.naitania will, if her voyage goes u iisoal, be the first Atlantic liner to make the journey across the Atlantic without being at sea on a Sunday, the voyage which started on Mon- day being expected to terminate to-day.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

By Philip Snowden, M.P. THE TRADES CONGRESS AND STRIKES.

The Trades Congress this year has been very disappointing. It may be that too great expectations had been formed as to the lead which would be given to the workers. Be that as it may the fact now remains that the Congress has given no had and the workers are left to direct their discontent as they may think fit, or as they may be influenced by outsiders who have assumed the leadership in the absence of direction from the responsible officials of the unions. The only thing the Congress did in regard to labour disputes was to unanimously censure Will Crooks, who had at least tried to do something to deal with labour difficulties, however unfortunately be had blundered in the effort. There are many things in Mr. Crooks's Bill which are objectionable, but it is perfectly certain that not one in twenty of the delegates who censured the amiable member for Woolwich has ever seen a copy of the Bill, much less given it a careful study. The trades unions have got to say plain and square whether they are in favour of Con- ciliation or not. The general tenour of the speeches seemed to convey the impression that even the old leaders have gone back to reliance on the strike as the most effective means of securing concessions. That point should have been made clear by the Congress, but it was left in doubt. A STRUGGLE AHEAD.

We are in for a fight for the preservation of the rights which trade unions have won by a century of agitation. The right to picket is being attacked. Efforts will be made to induce Parliament to repeal the last Trades Union Act. The trades unions can best put themselves right with the public by showing that they have no desire to inflict all the inconvenience and suffering of a strike on the community except as a last resort. It is a good policy in warfare to put the responsi- bility for forcing the fight upon one's adver- sary. The strength of the railway men's position in the recent strike lay in the fact that it was the companies who forced the men to that extremity by refusing to meet the men to amicably discuss the differences. There seems to be a disposition in some quarters to adopt a policy of what we might call surprise strikes. That is to say, for the workmen to keep quiet until a favourable moment comes and then without notice or warning to strike. However much the men might gain from such tactics it is perfectly certain they would lose infinitely more. They might succeed once or twice, but their action would arouse such intense public indignation that disastrous reprisals would follow.

THE SECTIONAL STRIKE USELESS. There is talk of a universal strike in the coal trade. There is something to be said for that, whereas there. is nothing to be said in

favour of the sectional strike in the coal

industry. Every sectional strike of anyil magnitude in the coal trade has ended in defeat for the men for years back. It must I be so. In a partial strike the men who are working elsewhere are killing the chances of success for their mates on strike. We have got to face this fact, that if there are going to be strikes in the future they are going to be strikes on a wild scale, and of a character which will inflict widespread and enormous inconvenience and suffer- ing. The men should always be in a strong position when they strike. They should always be in the right. They never will hold a strong position in the opinion of the public unless they have tried all peaceful means to get their grievances redressed before resorting to a strike. If it has to coma to a strike it is better that it

should be on such a scale as to bring the industry to a standstill, for then it cannot last long, and instead of long-drawn-out suffering with certain defeat in the end, we get a state of things so intolerable that a speedy settlement is certain. A universal strike in the coal trade, for instance, couldn't last for more than a few days. A few days stoppage would bring the railway service and all the factories in the country to a stand- still. Horrible as the inconvenience and suffering of such a strike would be it would not inflict as much suffering as is caused by such a strike as the one just ended in the Rhondda, where thousands of families have been on starvation rations for nearly a year.

One other thing that such a strike its is

'contemplated in „-the coal trade would do is to put an end to strikes. Just as the terrible character of modern warfare is one of the strongest arguments in favour of peace, so the appalling consequences of a national strike would drive the community to adopt some measures to protect itself from such catastrophes. The Trades Union Congress firmly held by the right of workmen to strike. But the right to strike is conditional on circumstances. It is an anti-social act for any section to seek its own ends by inflicting suffering on the general body of citizens. On the other hand it is an unjustifiable thing for the majority to deny to the minority adequate means for expressing their discontent and for obtaining their just demands. If that right to obtain justice be not conceded then revolt is justifi- able. The railway strike again illustrates this important point. The responsibility for that strike lay in the first degree with the railway directors, and in the second degree with the State. The State was responsible for seeing that the railway men had adequate means for pressing for what they considered their just demands. The State did not pro vide the men with these facilities, Therefor the State, having failed in its duty to th men, the men were absolved from responsi- bility for the anti-social consequences of their action in striking. AN UNTENABLE CONTENTION.

The right to strike can only exist so long as there are no other effective means of enforcing the reasonable demands of labour. And finally, the decision as to whether the demands put forward by any section of the workers are reasonable must rest with the community, or in other words with the State. There can be no appeal beyond the court of representatives of the community. That seems to me to be the abstract argument in favour of compulsory State arbitration. I am convinced that a few such experiences as those through which we have recently passed will force State arbitration. And I should like this to come not in the face of the opposition of trade unionism. but with its help and approval. It is certain that if the trade unions continue to maintain an attitude of hostility to all forms of State Arbitration, and assert the right to strike when they think fit,that there will be imposed upon them with the general assent of the community,some system of State Arbitration which will be most unfair and unacceptable. I am sure that the workers who have gained advances of wages by the recent strikes would have had equal advances

granted by any impartial and competent Court of Arbitration. The experience of the working of such courts in the colonies supports that opinion. Trade Unionists look shy at Arbitration and Conciliation Boards now because of their constitution. I do not think there is one responsible trade union leader in the cotton trade but would agree that the wages in that industry would be lower than they are to-day if the employers and the workpeople had fought out these matters by the strike and lockout during the last twenty years. The trade union move- ment will, I feel sure, make a tremendous mistake if it does not set to work to devise some scheme for settling wages questions when we have passed out of the present tem- porary epoch in which the strike idea is dom- inating. This is a pleasing phase. It has no permanent value except in so far as it gets the workers thinking about their conditions, • and teaches them the lesson that permanent improvement will come by united action put forth through constitutional channels and by political methods. A proletariat which has not learnt to vote solidly has not yet grasped the first purpose to which the solidarity idea should be supplied. It would be destructive of all chance of solid progress if the working classes were to get the idea that the strike is the easy way to salvation. It is not. In the present state of social evolution it may he necessary as an occasional method, just as war may be a regrettable necessity; but just as inter- national diplomacy marks a higher stage of human progress than war so the reference of industrial disputes to the arbitration of an impartial tribunal is a step in advance which it should be our desire to take.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Every Aufffin she had SORE HEAD • .v

Troublesome Outbreaks Effectively Stopped by

_ N,Prfollc.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Zam-Buk.

MRS. H. scow, 17, Guildhall Street, Thetford, Norfolk, writes :—" Every Autumn my daughter, Daisy, who is now thirteen, was troubled with sores on her head. The places used to come up first In lumps, which would burst, discharging matter all over Daisy's head. Daisy had these out- breaks for nine years, and was often unable to go to school. Ointments never seemed to do her any good at all, and after suffering so many years it seemed useless trying to check or heal the sores.

"However, some time ago I tried Zam-Buk, and was surprised at the way it cleansed Daisy's scalp and dried up the scabs. Zam-Buk was very soothing, too, and the child liked having her scalp dressed with this rare balm. I kept on with Zam-Buk until Daisy's head was quite clean, and the hair was growing nicely again. That was some time ago, and she has not had a further outbreak. lam convinced that Zam Buk has thoroughly rid Daisy of the awful sores, and I cannot speak too highly of this splendid balm."

===== 0002601_19110916_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
•

Soothing, antiseptic, and eurative--these three qualities are at their highest pitch of efficiency In Zarn-Suk, which acts like magic on the broken and diseased skin, and proms a blessing in every home where it Is used. Foe healing eimple flesh injuries, and curing such obstinate complaints as ecuerna, ulcers, ringworm, or plies, nothing classy effective as lam-Dub has ever been known.

aM-Blik

===== 0002601_19110916_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Croft.

SO AL.—The members of the Croft Asrociatlon lecotbell Club celebrated the opening of the season with a social in the Council school on Saturday evening. There was an attendance of about 00. Dancing was commenced shortly after seven O'clock and was con- tinued until midnight. Mr. Joseph Whittle undertook the duties of M C. and Mr. T. Hurdus was the accom- papist. Refreshments were provided.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
Antrobus.

NVESLETAN CIICRCII.—The Re,. If. Mid llecroorl, one of the newly-appointed ministers of the Warrington circuit, preached special serm ,113 on behalf ..1 the Li cc funds in the Wesleyan Caurch on Su day. Somial music was rendered by the choir. Miss Wilkinson presided at the organ._

===== 0002601_19110916_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Stretton.

BEURING L'lLM—The quarterly meeting of the Orsppenhall branch of the Bellringera' Guild was held in the schoolroom, Stratton, on S sturdry afteraoon, when absut 20 members attended The business was of a routine character. Afterwards the member s and friends set down to as excellent tee supplied by Mrs. Howard. The Rea. and Hon. C. F. Cross an' the Rev. H. V. Pigot were present. Risley.

PRIZES FOR SCHOOL CHILDRILN.—On Friday last at the Risley Presbyterian Day Schoole special prizes were given to the children for work done during the year. Captain Withington occupied the chair, Mrs. Witbington gave the prizes to the succassful recipients which were as folfows:—Class la, I, Betsy Barlow: 2, Charles Clark ; class lb, I, Fronk Clark : 2, Elsie Green ; 3, Alice Admanson ; class lc, 1, Bertha Copper : 2, J W Jackson; 3, William Potter; ha, 1, Clare Sankey ;2, A Adarnsoa ; 3, 21 E Whittle ; Me, 1, Stanley Potter ; 2, A Wood ; 3, Mary Glover ; 111 b, 1, F Sankey 2, Lily Bold 3, F Carter. A special prize was given to the youngest boy with the highest number of marks in Standard V the aucceasful candi- date being Wilson Barlow. The children sang some very pleasing selections accompanied by Mr A 11 Clarkson at the piano. Rev J J Glover proposed a vote of thanks to Captain and Mrs Withlngton seconded by Mr A II Clarkson which was heartily responded to.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Padgate.

Lost. SERVICE RECOr;NISED.—At a meeting of the teachers and scholars of Christ Church Sunday School Mr. James Critchley was presented by the Vicar (the Rev. G. W. Dickinson) a ith the long service certificate given by the Bishop of Liverpool to those who have seen teachers is a Sunday school for a period of 21 years or over. Ile said they all congratulated Mr. Critchley on his magnificent service and on its recogni- tion. They hoped the presentation would he an encouragement to all present to persevere in Sunday school work. Mr. Critchley in reply, spoke of the pleasure which the work afforded him and testified to the value of Sunday schools in moulding character. PRESENTATION.—Mr. Percy Royston. of Paddington and Miss Nellie Houghton, of Haslam Farm, lA'oolston, have been presented by the officers of the Padget° Habitation of the Primrose League, with a handsome pair of silver vases, suitably inscribed, on the occasion of their marriage. The presentation 4/19 made at a meeting at the Church House by Mr. James Critchley, who spoke of the excellent work which both had per- formed as wardens of the League. He mid that Miss Houghton had also been assiduous in parish work and had taken great interest in the doings of the District Naming Association, being a member of the committee Mr. Royston hal helped ths Primrose League in every possible way, and for some time had acted as its assistant secretary. In church work ho was nobly following the example of his father,, who served as warden of Christ Church for many years. Mr. Royston suitably responded. Mr. Pater Croft, who presided, moved a voteof thanks to Mr. Critchley for making the presentation and the motion was heartily agreed to.

Stockton Heath. ST. TIIO.IIAS.b MEN'S CLASS, SECTION 8.--The handsome banner carried before the procession of this class on %Nalking Day was entirely the work of the members, and it has been much admired. Encireling a large cross are the words : "St. Thomas's Men's Bible Class, Section B." The banner was designed and painted by Mr. Frank Bailey, and the joinery, ironwork and painting was done by Messrs W Cleaton, A Bailey, 0 Baxter and .1 Vernon. The Mars, which has a membership of 120, bas a guild, a savings bank, a help- ing hand fund, and a fishing and bicycle club, the latest addition being an Association Football Club. At a meeting of the class held this week a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to all who had assistid in the making of the banner.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.

The monthly meeting of this committee wet hold at the Hall Cafe on Thursdsy evening. Mr 0 Pilling presided and there were also present —Messrs J II Clarke, H J Westbrook. W Mclntyre, J McDermid, F Rose, .1 Hallows, C W Hallows, J K Wood, F Peanion, Whitley, G F Ashton (clerk), J Swinton (surveyor).

FLOODIN6 OF H9CS6S.

The Clerk reed- are4-inilOaWni-l-etis4;7:-17, Ellesmere- road, Stockton Heath. Gentle-At the last Parochial Committee meeting held on August 24th, the Surveyor's report stated thet the flooding of the houses in Ellesmere-road was caused through the drains being extremely inadequate to take the water away, and the fact that others have been laid since prove it. I need not tell you the damage it caused when you consider that the water and mud were four inches deep on the ground floors. It has ruined all the earpeta, which I shall be pleased to show any person or persons appointed by you to investigate. You will know that all the damage is recoverable at law, as was clearly shown in a recent claim for damages, when Justice Grantham awarded Mr. Longton (a farmer at Kinwick) damages, for damage done to his crepe, caused through toed( bate drains. I would be very grateful if you could see your way clear to meet this cost end let the matter end there, but I consider it would be extremely foolish on my part if I were to bear this cost which amounts to about £3 besides all tto inconvenience, as you will imagine it involved. Mcping y3u will give my letter your earnest and serious coutfideration. Yours ancerely Hobert Ferguson." klr. Mclntyre said a oomplaint was r,caired at the previous meeting. The Clerk : You practically acted npon the question of the drains at the last meeting. You instructed the Surveyor to call a meeting of the Sanitary Committee to consider the whole question. Mr. Mclntyre said that during the recent storm he bad Id inches of water in his cellar.

Mr. Clarke said he thought there was something wrong with the sewer. On Tuesday, when there was continuous rain, the school yard was flooded. The Chairman : It seems as if something were bluc6d up. Mr. Clarke said the sewer was, in his opinion, suffi- ciently large to take continuous rain Ike that of Tuesday, although it might not be equal to an extra- crdinary deluge. He ble vin 3 to the conclusion that there must be a stoppage. It was decided to call a meeting of the Sanitary Committee at an early date, the Clerk to write Mr. Ferguson to the effect that the committee could not accept any rerporsibility for ,the flooding of his house

===== 0002601_19110916_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROADS.

The Clerk reported VI;all)-e-c-c•-mmittee's resolation 11 ith reference to the employment of ea additional road man was comidered at the last meeting of the District Council and it was resolved that an additional road man be provided for Mr. Swinton's district (Hudnall)) and that he re-arrange the road areas with a view to giving better attention to Stockton Heath. That wan ot quite a case of providing two men for Stockton Heath but it would be no arranged that Stockton Heath would be adeepuitely attended to. kfr. Rose complained that Alexaadrav ad was in a very bid at Mr. Pearson sail he hopel the Sinitary Cc mmittee would attend to it.

THE LIGHTING OF THZ PARISH.

The Clerk resd the following letter :—" Dear Sir,— Your letter of the let inst. was considered by the One Committee at their meeting held yesterday (September 6th), and 1 wen directed to submit the following terms for the consideration of yurir.committee

===== 0002601_19110916_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL NIGHT LIGHTING.

Per annum per burner net. Per annum per burner not. If lighting carried on as at If carried on in con- present, ~e., one hour after junction with Warring- sunset until one hour ton lighting.

before sunrise. Ordinary flit flame ... 55/6 - No. 3 Kern burner 556 - No. 4 Kern burner— 5918 2 burners Inv Two-light No. 4 per . • il 11 lamp Three-light No. 4 per burner all night 97'6 lamp 132/6 3 burners until 11 o'clock and 1

. 132/6

The difference in the periods of lighting IS i hours and the cost of the increased consumption of gee per annum is 3s. 6d. per no. 3 burner and di. 9d. per no. 4 burner. The price given in the first column is based on this extra cost.—Yours truly, .1. Lvov " Mr. Westbrook : "In conjunction with Warrington lighting • would mean that the men, having finished the Warrington portion, would come here. The Clerk : That is practically what they did, I think. When the committee submitted their account in December they charged 595. 64. a lamp, on the present estimate is considerably leas than that. It means that if you regnire the lamps to be lit as at prima they will charge 3s. 6d. extra, but if von revert to the old idyl° of lighting. which you complained no much about two or three years ago, they are willing to carry it Out at the same price as previously. Mr. W, stbrook We do not mind what system they adopt so long as they keep to the terms of their agree- ment—wbether it is done in conjunction with Warring- ton or Latchford With, ut.

The Clerk : That is what we contended. So lon as they old that, we are quite satisfied, but they sag " We trdinot do that in conjunction with the Warms y ton lighting. We cannot undertake that the lam g- shall be lit within one hour after sunset." Mr. Westbrook : In other words, hey thought they could not carry out their contract. The Cleric: That is practically what it was. Mr. McDermid moved that the matter be discussed forthwith by the Lighting Committee. Mr. Whitley : It is very ditlicult to get members to attend that committee. It was decidei that the committee should discuss the matter at the close of the Parochial Committee meeting. We uuderstani t I e decision arrived at was to obtain an estimate for the I.lltOrlittiC lighting of the lamps and then ask the Oa s Committee to receive a further deputation.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
l'ltE FIRE.BRIOADI: AGAIN.

Mr. Weatbrook asked the Chairman of the Fire Appliances Committee what means they had of calling, the firemen together in case of fire. There vas no bell' available. D d Mr. Mclntyre blow a whistle or hoist a flag? (Laughter). Mr. Mclntyre : They are summoned verbally. Mr. hicDermid : Exp.ess messenger? (Laughter). Mr. Westbrook : One mes3enger for all the lot ? Mr. Mclntyre : Yes. Mr. Rose thought a firs bell ought to be hung in some convenient place. Mr. Mclntyre said the.committee would be called together at an early date.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Lymm.

THE RA IN-STORMs.-013 Tuesday evening the village was visited by a violent downpour of rain, which lasted /or several hours. The darkness descended at 5.45 p.m. very swiftly. The rain has saved the crops damage, and has been very welcome. It was one of Lb, most hsavit at downpours kno n for several years. WESLEYAN CHURCH.-00 Sunday last, the Services at this church were conducted by the Rev. W. Nicholson the nearly appointed minister, who is undertaking this district as part of his labours. He preached two sermons to a well filled church, both being mach appreciated. Mr. Nicholson hopes to preach in this church every third Sunday.

CONGREGATIONAL CHRISTIAN SERVICE HAND.—A good number of young people assembled at this meet- ing on Monday evening. An exvellent address was given by Mr. Sydney Linley, on the great misery and evil ceased by the curse of "Drink." A solo was rendered by Mr. Alfred Moines entitled" Precious Words," in a most credit tble manner. Mr. Harry Rushton presided. The meeting concluded with several short prayers. _ .

FUNERAL OF Mn. J. A. lIATTON.—Great interest was taken in the district on Sunday afternoon, when the mutiny of Mr. John Arthur Hatton, son of Mr. John Hatton, butcher, Booth's lull, Lymm, were interred at the Parish Church. Mr. Batton very recently took up businees in Cadishead and lately net with a serious injury through over-lifting, thur causing an early death. Ile was only 33 years of age and great sympathy in felt for his wife and children.

WI:DOM.—A pretty wedding took place on Wednes- day afternoon in the Congregational Church. when Mr. John Rose, son of Mr. William Rose, Eagle Brow, Lymm, was married to Miss Elsie Turner, daughter of Mr. John Turner, of Latchford. There was a nice con- gregation present at the ceremony which was conducted by the Rev. R. W. B. Whiteway, of Lymm. The bride who was given away by her father, wore a blue dress and a white hat trimmed with a large ostrich feather, looked quite a picture of happiness. The, were after- wards driven away Iv motor and held their reception at the tridegrooms house, afterwards leaving for their honeymocn. PRIESENTATIOS TO MR. J. Rosit—On Sunday after- noon, the tesche-s and elder scholars of the Congrega- tional Sunday School met ia the vestry to make a presentation of an oak clock to Mr. John Rose, to celebrate his coming marriage. Mr. Rose bits been a scholar and teacher in the Sunday school for a good number of years. The presentation was made by Mr. J. H. Holt, the superintendent, who said in handing the clock to Mr. Rose that they were losing a good teacher, one who had stuck to his sehool and had tried to fulfil his duties in every way. They hoped that he would be happy in his sphere of labour, and a'so that his wife-to-be and himself would not forget their friends in Lymm. Mr. Rme in reply- ing said he was sorry to part from such good friends and teachers. He hoped to join another school in his new destination and ahould visit them often. He very heartily thanked the teachers and friends for so nice and useful a present Mr. J. D. B. Smith also spoke a few words and wished Mr. Rose success and happiness in his new work and home. The hymn 'God be with you till we meet again " was sung on departing.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

A meeting of the above Board was held at the Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. Joseph Spruce presiding.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
TII F: ESTI ATFS.

The Clerk submitted his estimate of income end expenditure for the half year ending March 31st, 1912. The probable expenditure under the heading of common fund expenses amounted to £5,570, less probable receipts £3,020, total £9,550; county rate £11,666 ; contingencies and amount to meet expenses of subse- quent half year before a further call can be made, £2,577; deduct probable balance at 30th September, 1911, £2,417; common fund exponses and county rale tube provided for £15,348 ; special education purposes £997; total amouot to be provided £16,311. The assessable value of the Union was £245,551, and a rate of Is. 31. in the pound would produce .115,316.

PRI VILEGISS FOR _TRAMPS.

The Rale( Cammittee submitted e raport asking that tramps should be allowed to go straight to the Workhouse instead of applying for a ticket of admission from the relieving officer as hitherto. It was decided to adopt this course. MR. TOM ftI%NN AND WIDNES WORKERS. POWER OF BOTTOM DOGS:

There MS a large audience of workingmen to hear Mr. Tom Mann in the Borough Rink, Widnes, on Wednesday awning, the occasion arising out of the dock dispute at Wickes. . .

Mr. M,ann said he was chiefly concerned abcut the organisation of the workers. He hoped to convince them of the desirability of orrianisina, and of the brnelits co ruitsg tram a c wubtned eff ,rt on the part of working men. He wanted them to realise the humdrum character of their lives, if they had regular work, in or about Widnes, the wages they received, and the standard of life that such admitted, such wages being far below what intelligent men and women in the world said they should enjoy. Poverty would remain with them is-d intensify if they continued to remain apathetic. Clues war was a fact; and they were fully prepare] to range themselv,s on the side of that class which would remove the bad conditions and effect improvements. They had got to learn the wisdom of organisation, which would enable them to assert their position. When they did that poverty would vanish altogether ; there would be no room for the idle classes. lie the speaker) said be always gee primary attention to the bottom dog—the man with a family—who got the list enjoyment. There were many who did not get 21s. per week, and he was determined that his eft rrts would not cease until every working man was paid £2 per work. Upon a show of hands expressing sympathy with the union several hundred hands went up•

===== 0002601_19110916_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

A meeting of the above was held !immediately after tbe meeting the Board of Guarilans at the Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, when the chair was occupied by Mr. Thomas Wright.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ESTIMATES.

The Clerk presented .he estinnte for the half-year ending Lady Day, 191'2. The totti capital for the current half-year was £6,580 and the probable expendi. ture £5,029. The balance at the mid of the cur:ent half-year was £1,551. The probable expenditure wee given as £1,092 for general expenses and £3,125 highway expenses. £1.563 was net aside for balunce and con- tingency and the total expenditure estimated was £6.670. The probable balance was estimated at £1,551 and the total amount required from the overseers £5,119 The assessable cable of the district was £18.711 2s. It nag r 'commended that a call for £5,119 he made. A rate of 6s. 2d. in the E would produce £5,076.

WARRINGTON IN.FIRMARY.

The Secretary of the Warrington farms?, wrote thanking the Council for becoming subscribers to the extent of £lO per annum and enclosing forms of recom- mendations for patients.

FAIR WAGE CLATSR IN CONTRACTS. The Local Government Beard wrote rinsing the attention of the Council to the recommendations made by the advisory committees of repreentatives of Government departments. The Advisory Committee recommended that clauses such as those inserted in Government contracts should also be introduced into the contract, which wee not entered into by tt e Government depirtments but which involved the expenditure of public money or other consideration granted by the Government departments or which required the approval of the department. Mr. Morris moved that this course should be adopted M. Linsker : Let thee mind their own business.

6;';;;;-1;;ing—i;k;r ii;:vowi;;';;iio-,;";;;i;at.

APPOINTMENT OF Ni jsANcE Ect FV-Tort,

Mr. Farrington was re-appointed the Inspector of nuisances and canal beats as a salary of Rao per 6000 M.

A valuable coallisid is reported to have been discovered at Reslie, Midlothian, acd it is expected to give a big yield for many years.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday September 16, 1911

===== 0002601_19110916_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH AFFAIRS. J NOTES FOR IRISH READERS. a

TILE HOME RULE CAMPAIGN.

An Ulster Unionist journal tells us this week of the perfected arrangements for the organisation of the country "from the Unionist side "in reference to Home Rule. But a little while ago this statement might have been taken to mean that a plentiful supply of arms had been received and dis- tributed in the Orange lodges and that mid- night drillings and manceuvres in the glens of Antrim were increasing in military efficiency. But no such sensation appears in this recent announcement. It is merely a statement that with the object of preparing a campaign against Home Rule, a Joint Committee has been formed under the supervision and direction of the ill-organised Conservative Central Office in London. No details of the Joint Committee's crusade are vouchsafed, but it is not difficult to foreshadow the operations of this body. On platforms from Cork to Antrim and from Lands End to John-o-Groats the paid agitators of a small re-actionary faction will reiterate stale slanders in the hope that the ignorance and prejudice which influenced the British masses eighty years ago will still avail the forces of reaction.

A foretaste of the fictions, we had nearly written "arguments," is furnished in an article in the " Standard " designed to shew to the English people that the granting of Home Rule means a giving over of the country to separation advocates and fierce religious intolerance. " There is plenty of evidence" it is stated, without any evidence being adduced " that the old-cry has not been dropped, but that it is, indeed, being expressed quite as violently as in the past." The argument is manifestly dishonest. The sentiment of the people is expressed by their representatives in the Irish party. The voice of Nationalist Ireland is heard without any warring note of dissonance in the United Irish League and by the Irish party is the claim of Ireland to legisla- tive freedom authoritatively urged. Not one of the responsible leaders of Nationalist Ireland, Butt, Parnell, or Redmond can be cited in support of the slander. Andiapropos of the religious fiction we wonder why these e latant orators do not consider some of the convincing utterances of certain leading Protestants. One such utter- ance is of special interest at the moment. Sir David Harrel, it will be borne in mind, is the Chairman of the Railway Commission, whose judgment and fair-mindedness the forces of Capital and Labour in the recent Railway strike agreed to accept in his final decision on the root questions at issue. Sir David Harrel has a unique experience of Ireland, and the conditions obtaining in every part of the country. And this is the view on the religious point which this Government official, professing the Protestant faith, has recently expressed in circumstances of the fullest publicity : "My conviction is that a change in the government of Ireland, provided that change be conceived and carried out on sound financial principles, would not adversely ' affect the position of religious minorities. Speaking of the Land Acts and the Local Government Act, Sir David continues "It must be admitted that these great respon- sibilities have been accepted with reasonable- ness and restraint. Greater freedom with its attendant greater responsibilities would raise a situation which Irishmen could meet without misgiving, but their task must not be made impossible by inadequate resources. As regards the gener- osity of Irish Catholics, I have a title to speak. I owe it entirely to non-official Catholic friends that I was placed in positions of trust and responsibility, in which it has been my privilege to contribute to those changes which have been a benefit to my fellow-countrymen. I do not know that I have ever had anything to recommend me beyond a deep sympathy for the cheerless, often hopeless, condition of the small tenant I farmer; his interests and position still remain a matter of sincere concern to me." This is the considered judgment of a leading Irish Protestant, after a lifetime of service in the Irish Constabulary, and whose ability has gained the distinction we just referred to. We have ventured to draw attention to these points because we desire to suggest to Liberal and Nationalist alike that in the impending fight the representatives of Ireland will have ranged against them the most rabid of anti-Irish forces and that Ireland in her comparative weakness will need the support of every lover of clean fighting and fair play. Appeals to race hatred and religious prejudice are already being made by Unionist agitators in all parts of Great Britain, and since the work is so well-endowed, the befouling of Ireland and her people will be long sustained. . .

For these reasons we are delighted to learn of the tour of the Eighty Club, which commences on the 15th instant, throughout the four provinces of Ireland. The Eighty Club, as is known, supplies most of the speakers for the Liberal propaganda meet- ings and by reason of the personnel of its members and the wide area of .its operations , is an organisation of the first importance. The ' party will include many prominent Liberals and will be in Ireland just over a fortnight, visiting Dublin, Belfast, Cork, Limerilk, Galway and other provincial centres,as well as several of the congested districts. They will be received by Mr John Redmond on their arrival and, they will then proceed to hear from Nationalist and Unionist repre- sentative men, opinions and views on the several phases of the Irish question. Every- where Nationalists are actively preparing to give the fullest facilities to these Englishmen who are anxious to see for themselves the actual position of affairs in Ireland. It is a happy inspiration on the part of the Eighty Club and we are sure that the tour will be rich in results which cannot fail to be of the highest value in the approaching campaign.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY,

THR LATCHFORD CLUB.

The Latchford Club, which has a heavy programme of fixtures this season, opens to-day with home and away matches against Winninton Pr k, The First Eleven v. Winnington Park at Latch ford is r—A Hill, gra! P Allanson, T Discus, beck.; F Tole, B Wilkinson, A Knight, halves ; R A Dale, .1 Pearson, D Travis, H Parker, E Banks, forwards. Sully-off 3 p.m. The Second Eleven at Wilmington is :—H Wright, goal ; Wll Pickles, R Parkinson. backs ; A E Brad- shaw. A Starkey, C Baxter, halves ; H Fletcher. H Harding, W Fletcher, W H !Hoards, R Walsh, forwards. Referee, W T Eccles. 'Bus from Bridge Foot 2 p.m.

CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND MR. CAMPBELL.

It is stated that-ii;e; ftWiCY:Ea.mpbell is likely to attend the Congregational Union meetings in Notting- ham neat month.

Mr. Campbell has received to cordial a menage from a number of leading Congregationalists (says tLe "Etritieh Coogregationalist and Examintr ") that he has been persuaded to take a part in one or more ef the discussions which are certain to arise upon the interesting and important aubject matter of the addresses. There is a strong feeling emorg many In responsible positions that Mr. Campbell's absence is neither desirable for himself nor for the Congregational Colon, of which he has always remained an accredited member, and that his presence and c operation will be I of value to all ccncerned.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The Treatment of Consumptive Cases.

SUGGESTED ARRANGEMENT WITH THE CORPORATION.

The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhou,e on Wednesday, Mr. 0. Mather presiding. Tnere were also present : Mrs Simpson, Rev A hi Mitchell, Dr Murray, Messrs EL Bent, A.l Jolley, J Evans, A Brooks, J A Rush worth. J A Hughes, W Flanagan, R Lee, P Lotigton. W Furness, A Buttomley, (clerk), R W Peacock (deputy clerk).

===== 0002601_19110916_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POISONING OUTBR EA F:.

At a meeting of the House Committee on Sep' ember lot, a letter was read from the Town Clerk relative to the account of £l5 15w received from Professor Delepine for the examication of samp'e of food taken in coneection with the recent outbreak of poisoning at the Workhouse Irfirrcary, and requetting thnt the Board would be good enough to make a contribution towards the account, e. -ing that the work was under- taken for the Guardians' benefit and was tomewhat outside the ordinary scope of public health work. It wee recommended that the Guardinns agree to &trey half the expenses Incurred, viz. 1,7 17s. 6d.

RISE IN THE PRICE OF MILK.

A fetter ii-as—rea:d-ar it:a-sem-a inCe-tles from the Fanners' Stores Dairy reqnestina a concession on their contract for milk owing to the rise in the price of milk is tLe district.

It wee recommended that the company be informed that the Guardians could not see their tray to grant the request.

CONSUMPTIVE PATIENTS. SUGGESTED ARRANVEMENT WITH IHE COO PORATION. The Medical Officers reported that at present the consumptive patients Who were able to he out of bed in the day time, had no day room to sit in. They, in consequence, had to sit in the ward beside the patients who were in an advanced state of the disease and not able to he hp. 1 hat was moat ot jectionahle to patients who were very ill, as well as harmful to those ions earlier stage. As a remedy for that they would suggest the erection of a cheap wooden shelter ass day room for those who were able to sit tip. It was recommended that the matter he referred to the Building Committee with request to report at an early date.

The minutes were confirmed. As interesting discussion arose on a suggestion to send a consumptive patient chargeable to the Board to a sanatorium at Sandgate, Kent. Mr. Ft" FINESS said he was in hopes that an arrange- ment could be made with the Health Committee of the Corporation whereby consumptive cases from the Union could be dealt with at the Senkey Sanatorium. If cases could be treated locally it would be far preferable. I Mr. EVAN-, as chairman of the Health Committee of the Corporation, said it would be premature on his part I to ray very much on the subject. The Corporation was not operating through the Sankey Sanatorium from a relief point of vise. hut simply with a regard to the I poblic health. The Guardians, on the other hand, were working from the relief point of view. There at as a I great deal in what Mr. Furness mid. If by a scheme of cohesion and co-operation between the Cl' uardians and the health authorities they could arrange for the removal of early cases or of patients who were living in dire poverty or in congested conditions, it would probably he to the adventage of both bodies. How tar the Health Committee would be able to deal with the question-at Sankey he scarcely knew, because they found that in the town Rust( there were a large- number of persons affected by the disease than the public generally dreamed of. They had already removed fourteen or eighteen cases, and in all proba- bility-some of them would eventually have come to the Guardians. From a health point of view, the Health Committee had taken the initiative and removed the patients. Behind it all, there was the possibility of considerable overlapping. While he did not personally think it was the duty of the health authorities to relieve the Guardians of their tesponsibility, he thought the Guardians could in some measore co-operate with them and the basis of payment could easily he arrangedit was a coming subject, and a very important one. From the ratepayers' and the patients' standpoints, it would be a good thing if an understanding could be arrived at. The CHAIR 3f AN : It is possible to get this patient into soot sanatorium ? a. . . . _

EVAES : That question was not directly asked. Mr. FURNESS said his question was whether the Health Committee could not see the desirability of making some provision whereby they could accept cases from the Guardians at a certain charge. If the Guardians could arrange with the Health Committee to take the cases, they would be putting money into the pockets of the Corporation and helping them to run the establishment at Sankey at a much less cost than would otherwise be possible. If they did not make an arrange- ment, they were lettieg their money go into other comsties to assist outside authorities to maintain their institutious. It would be a great pity if the necessery provision could not be made locally. He suggested that a deputation from the Board should wait upon the Health Committee to discuss the question. Mr. A. BROOKS moved and Mr. JOLLEY seconded that the case in question be sent to the Kent Sanatorium. he Rev. A. M. MITCHELL expressed the view that there was too great a desire to incur expense in connec- tion with sanatoria. Personally be was not a firm believer in the wonderful efficacy of sanatoria. He thougbt it was very largely a doctor's scare, if Dr. Mtn's) would excuse him saying so. (Laughter). Dr. MURRAY : I am used to it, Mr. Mitchell. (La nght er). Ihe Rev. A. M MITCHELL said he did cot think authorities thought sufficiently of the expense or of the consequences to the individuals who were the subjscts of the treatment. One of the. King's pb3sicians spoke very forcibly on the subject at Bradford in May last, lie distir ct ly stated that there was no real more for alarm or scare! in connection with consumption. He added that there' sus a decrease of 50 per cent, during the last ten years ' and in cases of young men under twenty-five the decrease was 75 per ceot. Ha (Mr. Mitchell) submitted that authorities were tending to make a fear disease." If people were caught by that fear they were !Ouch more likely to take a disease, te it con- sumption Cr any other. What wro needed most undc.fibtedly in connection with consumptionwas plenty of air. It was said that patients in the sanatoria got that treatment, but he thought they could very oLen get fresh air in abundance in their own homes. The after-results of the treatment in sanatoria were not considered to be in any wise satisfactory—or at least not as satis- factory as cestain individuals would have them believe. Mr. LEE suggested that consideration of the case in question be deferred for a.month.

Mr. JOLLEY said it would -13e-tt-lamentable thing if the case were deferred, even for a month. This was one of the rare cases in which they had their own doctors' advice that it was in such an early stage that it might benefit by the sanatorium treatment Unhappily the majority of the cases did not come before them until the patients were so run down that to send them to sanatoria was simply prolonging the agony. In this case the doctors were deliberately cf opinion that the disease has not gone no for as to be beyond the curative stage. Surely they were not going to haggle about spending a guinea a week to rave a man's life if their was a reasonable chance of restoring him to health.

It was decided to send the patient to the Suudgate (Kent) sanatorium at a cost of LI Is. per week

- e Mr. FURNESS then proposed that a deputation be 'oppointid to meet tbe Health Committee. There was nothing to be lost and everything to be gained by such Colliie. _

Mr. A. BROOP s said that although he quite agreed with the ides underlying the lesolution, he thought it would be better if due notice were given of it, so that members could come to the Board room with the matter well-comidered. lie suggested that representa- tives of the Board of Guatdiene,Bural District Council. INeeton Urban District Council and the iltalth Com- mittee of the Warrington Corporation, should hold a conference to see if ant thing could be done in this district with regard to thst truly national question. It was smatter of great importance end should not be slippcd into while they were talking about an individual care.

The CILA I RMAN said there was no doubt as to the Importecce of the question, and he had strong feedlots as to the cause of consumption. and the best minas of ending a remedy. The matter required more time and thought than they could posialy give to it that morning. Mr. FURNE,S Ihre is o need for rush about it.

Mr. BENT thought that before the next meeting the Clerk might correspond with the Corporation and see If they proposed to make such extensions as would enable them to accommodate patients whom the Guardian. nalgl t send. There was the same dAticuity to contend with In Earlestoun. They had had several owes there which they would bare been only tat:, pleased to send to a sanatorium in the district. The CLERK : I hardly think the Health Committee would he in a position to answer that question at the present time. Mr. FURNESS agreed to re-introduce the matter at the next meeting of the Board.

RISING PRICES.

The CHAIRMAN said the markets in almost every product for which the Board had tenders—provisions, groceries end coal—were so uncertain that prices might go up and there might bs a great change tefore the Board could hold another meeting. Would it not there- fore be wise to consider the tenders for the half-yearly suppliee that morning? Mr. EVAN, : They could not alter the prices in the tenders.

--- The CHAIRM : No, tot they could plenae thew wive. whether they accepted or not. The tenders are not aped or Berard. .••• • • •

It ;as decided to consider the tenders On Friday.

M. MITCHELL AND VAL. INATION.

The Rey. A. M. if ITCOIIII. is accordance with notice given, moved the following resolution :—That a return be prepared and submitted to the Boned of childi. born in the Howie in the period covered by the late*, vaccination year, showing the numbers of: (a vacci-

...dreg I latest

===== 0002601_19110916_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
I.(4bTAP4T Kr-Lib-14 inlbriill 1 rt.Llt.l.. RAPID CURE of RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by MAD'S PILLS. JEllinE'S PILLS. GOT THE RIGHT THING! FELT NOTHING SINCE !! 9, Miller hsßamivor :se d—rlh, ..C.do. I I i e r ' s Wood, thanksi since you forfi first t the b aBed greatlot :a:rot:O. e'ulnii9o9t. no :f 82, Nalton-road, Bridgend, Glam. April 11th, 1910, good Deal r Dear Sir,—Some years ago I &lam-ad very badly from Rheumatic Gout, and I then tried Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I went to two hospitals many things, but got no relief. At last I was led and they told me to have my foot taken off that it to try your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, which soon was a dimmed bone. But I was recommended your proved I had pills, no got a bottle, and the first two I took, GOT HOLD OF THE RIGHT THING, although I had gout very badly, enabled me to sleep and I soon got cell. Whenever I feel an attack well, the first time for seven years. That was coming on Igo to Eade's and they ward it off. I thirteen months ago and think it only just to yom that I should acknowledge I HAVE FELT NOTHING SINCE. their merit, and I may say I always recommend Before that time I was continually at borne them and know with it,andit is nothing but your famous remedy. THEY HAVE BEEN A BLESSING TO OTHERS. Being only a working.man they have been a good You may make any use you like of this friend to me. Again in thanking you, testimonial. I remain, your own advertisement, I remain, dear air, yours faithfully. P. HAYTER. FREDE. HIGGINS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Areperfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, enders highly restorative. injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Bold everywhere in Bottles, Is. lid.and 2s. 9d. or Sold everywhere in bottles ls. Ild. and 2s. 9,1. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the rent post free for stamps or P.O.by the proprietor, Proprietor GEORGE EA DE, 292, Goswell road, London. GEORGE EADE, 232 Goswell road,London. E ADM'S GOUT 86 mgmumivric PILLS.

OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT Absovv;ztzT.,,t3v4V:l;gerede,ty, Ernl,fcz:l7:ci..osT • HERB

nated ; (b) died before discharge (vaccinated and non- vaccina•ed) ; (c) discharged (non-vaccinated), (d) ages at time of vaccination and of death. .There was no seconder and the motion fell to the ground.

Is best made from MASON'S EXTRACT OF HERBS. One Tablespoonful of this Extract • makes a Gallon of DELICIOUS BOTANIC BEER. Has been used for over Thirty Years with the greatest , GOOD! Send penny stamp for Book- let, " Hints on Brewing." Newhall &Mason, MASON'S. NOTTINGHAM. •

CB For Cakes, Pastry, Puddings dk E 1.... ORWICK S BAKING POWDER.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TARIFF THU'.

At n meeting ort.he'Pedia.te.oeitage Homes Com- mittee a letter was read from Lady Greenell thanking the committee for the use of the school band on the occasion of the trip to Frodshem.

THE COUNTY RATE. The Clerk reported that the County rate far the coming half-year would amount to £9,510 173 6d, as compared with £9,533 its 4d for the corresponding half-year of 1910—a decrease of £22 123 10d. The increase on last helf-sear was £143 16s 9d. The Citain3t43: : Well, there is hope yet. It was decided to make calls on the overseers for the required amount. MR. AND MRS. R. PIF.P.POINT'S THOCHTFULNESS.

A letter was reed horn Mr. Robert Pierpolnt asking Ike Board to accept from Mrs. Pierpoint and himself some books which would perhsps be useful to inmates of the Workhouse, whether in the House or in the hospital. They might help to while away some other- wise unoccupied hours. Mr. BENT moved that the gift be accepted and that, the test thanks of the Board be accorded to Mr. and Mrs Pierpoi It for their kindness. Mr. EVANb seconded and the proposition was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIF. FAIR WAG E CLAUSE.

The Local tiovernm. nt &gird wrote urginc the importance rf observing the fair wage clause HI the contracts of publio authorities. The CLERK said the Board observed the clause in building and similar contracts, in which workmen were employed, but they had not a clause in the half yearly contracts for supplies. The matter was referred to the House Committee. THE NEW DINING, HALL.

Some time ago the Board sanctioned a echeme for the erection of a new dining hall and a re-arrangement of the kitchen and stores. The tender of Messrs Wand A Ashton, Bridge Foot, IVarrington, amounting to £3,375 135. has been provisionally accepted for the carrying out of the building work.

The Board now accepted the tender of Messrs W F Mason, Ltd.. Manchester, to supply one of their patent loon tube drswplate ovens and fittings at • cost of 2215.

ems. William and Seger Owen, architects, estimate the total cost of the scheme, is based on accepted tenders and additional work which will be required, at £4,947, lls. Gd.

It HI Intended to apply for a loan for that amount, repayable in thirty years.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ST. HELENS FARM BLAZE. MOTOR-ENGINE TESTED.

Ile St. Helens Fire Brigaee were called early on Sunday morning to an outbreak at Sutton Side Farm, (Baton-lane, where a stack of unthrestied oats sod a stack of hay, belonging to Mr. Thomas Cook, were burning vigorously. The stacks were very near a large shippon, which the brigade, however, were successful io ening. Superintendent Shaw turned the large new motor-engine out for the first time to a farm fire, and though it had to cross fluids to get to the nearest pool of water, the engine did all that was required in the most satisfactory way. The outbreak was soon extin- guished, but the flames had involved the whole of the stacks and did damage to the amount of .£l5O, which is covered by insurance.

NEW THATTO HEATH LIBRARY. MR. CARNEGIE THANKED.

At a meeting of the St. Helens Library Committee, on Monday, Alderman Martin, chairman, read a letter that he had addresind to Mr. Andrew Carnegie, pointing out the inadequate accommodation at the Thatto Heath branch, and suing for £3,000 for the erection of a rew library. Mr. Cernegie has replied promihisg the £3,800 I to be expended solely on the library building. The present branch library was opened in November, 1891. Mr. Carnegie some few years ago gave money far building new branch libraries at button end Eccleston. On the motion of Alderman Martin, seconded by Mr. Fletcher, Alderman Foote, Colonel Thome', snd Mr. fleslam Fox, a hearty vote of thanks was paised to Mr. Carnegie. ST. HELENS STRIKE AVERTED. COLLIERS AND "DIFFICULT PLACES."

The position of affairs with regard to the terms of employment of meo in the Raveohead Pit of the St. Helen. Collieriee Iran discussed ot WedoeadaY by Messrs. Arnold and Orchard, managers, and Messrs T Glover, Ashton nod T Oreenall, of the Miners' Federatic n. .

A small number of men had ceased work as a protest against the small amounts which they said it ws• only possible for them to earn in difficult plaors in the working'. The colliers had been balloted, and by a huge majority had decided to strike if better terms were not given. Tbe trouble never got very acute, for the management had found places in good seams far the mei who had gone out, and Wednesday's conference amicably settled matters, it being stated that all the men were now in good work. BOY AND A REVOLVER. SERIOUS CHARGE AT ST. HELENS.

Altert Appleton, aged thirteen, of 25, Dou!tor-street, appeared before the St. Helens magistrates on Tuesday, on. charge of wounding lhomaa Crooks, aged sixteens, of 47, Higher Parr-street. Chief Constable Ellerington said that about half-past nine the previous night Crooks was in Pocket No sk- street with four other boys when they met the prisoner. Crookv spoke to Appleton, but be did not reply. to he touched him cc the shoulder and said. •• You ere very independent.. Appleton did not reply, and Crooks said, "All right, you independent beggar.,' Po ironer then whipped a smsli revolver out of his pocket, and, pointing it at Crooke's hoe, he pulled , the trigger. The powder sod wadding Wend Crookes ' facie. Sonic of the powder went into his es e, and Ids face wan injured. A melee followed between the boye, and the police came on tte scene. Crooks was taken to Dr. Reid's Burg, ry. and as the youth's fare was in a bad state it was necessary to bay.. remand for a week. The defendant's grandfather and a friend entered into bail for the lad'a eppervence.

THE NEW FRENCH itEMEIII). THE RAPIO Po- pular remedy. tl sea in, ,n ,an 0r,,,tal Aby K., o , Pestaelot.ert,Ve',- eau & others, surpasses neryt hie,/ hithertn employed tor inspuritvof blood.spots,bloti hes,pain& swelllngofjo:uts. kidney, bladder & nary &sea., strio tu re, fill. haries, p les, wravel,pains in hark, gout.rheumat .Am exhaust on, sleeplessness, &e. Tltree (onus, NO4. 1,2 &3. a,- ,nrd,ug to dlre.a.n. Pi.2'pntn Id. •tarn post In.. in Great Britain from Th.- I, Cl.-rc Medic-me Co. I laver Mock aressaead. Lee•lon.& principal Chemists.

CLARKE'S B, 41 PILLS are warranted to cure I a either sex all acquired or constitutionel dpichargee, from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Eatabßelied upwards of 40 years. In bones 4s. ed. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendor, throughout the world, or sent for linty stamps by the makers The Lincoln andllidland Counties Drug Co., Liscoln:Advs

"ADVICI tO Mornsio."—Are you broken In your rest bya sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth 7 Go at once to • chemist, and get a bottle of MffS. Winston's &arms° STRUP. It piodoees •stural, quiet sleep by relieving the child horn pain, and tbe little cherub awaken 'u bright as • button." Contains no Poisonous Ingredient 01 all Cbeiniste. lg lid. per bottle.--idirt.

spNT4z Al I D 1

===== 0002601_19110916_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
BEER

These tiny Caponlee relieve Kidney and Bladder Trouble plc mptly end curs in forty-eight hours. Each Capsule bears the 1 name " Mid;." Sold by all Chemists, or post free 3s. Id, from

-i4ILCOX It CO. (Dept 50) 4°, Hind/JUL/1., LONDON,

===== 0002601_19110916_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
ALDERMAN W PIERPOINT HAS NO INTENTION OF RETIRING.

Sympathy and the Strike. Sir.-1 hive nofeed many letters in the Warrington papers dealing with 'he strike and have been surprised to ind that a number of persons have been uphold iog the cowardly action of the men who wile loyal to the Railway Companies during that time. If they c uld linty observe the treatment of men in their own town, I think that they would soon hdraw their opposition to the men's claims. I have heard some vs -v rerattr6able thing- said and done by inspecto.s aid foremen during the last few days. I will quote some of thin. Several extra men who have worked years on and cff the railway were started directly after the strike in order to get traffic into its former state: As soon as things were becoming as formerly, ten of these arum were stopped. The following day one of Awe ‘'ten applied for work. He was t)141. however, that no man need apply for work again if Ire was over 35 years of age. Anyhow the same day arrothvr was started.who was older than the first applicint. 4" Recently a vacancy for a shunter occurred. An extra man who bad been out on strike applied. Be want elel that no extra men wood ever be made permanent bands. When a man feels that he is being imposed upon sou begins to ask Why should I be? be is told that if he goes in front of the ' Rummer ' he need never espect to start on the railway again. The ignorance of foremen is imply ama/ing. • While men were at work, a foremen came to them and abouted " No rnon mun goo whoam till en sper tor coma back Ira' Paggate—he gun on't injuu." And these are the words used by a man who is supposed to manipulate traffic. When the strikers mat in I thought it was an ucderetocd thieg that every man was to be reinstated 'rand not subjected to intimidation. If stich things are carried in. a second strike in a very short time would not surprise ,curs faithfully C. I. F. Mr. -New and His Critics. Sir—May I tlareash t. medium.of ycur columns deal with one or two matters coccerning the base and mean...Mt/a levelled against myself by a few misguided Tories? I made a statewnt at Bridge Foot at a recent open-sir meeting to this 'feet .—The boxes sent out by the Women's Tariff I Reform League either had LO labels attached, or thel labels were not displayed so that people who were asked to contr,bute could see them. That statement was soil is absolutely tt ue. Several friends have tLlil me they gave. but had they known it was being engineered by a political party, with a motive not above suspicion, they would not have contributed. A correspondent who signs himself ' Anti-Humbug" (surely a misnomer) wrote to your contemporary. I unfortunately did not see his letter of August 10th, but I did .tee the one published September Ms, in which he sass I have not attempted to justify any if my remarks: Now, Sir, where is his sense of justice? I have publicly repeated my statement and stated instances in support of same. He further 'goes on to say : he appeals to my sense of honour and (if I have 1111 regard for truth) to either withdraw or apologise. 1 eo neither, I repeat it is true and my'friend " Atli Humbug" knows Rim true. The Tariff Trip was a party move and I believe the promoters have burned their fingers. Bat it does not stop there, for this week I have had placed ' in my hand a publication called the " Warrington Women's Tariff Reform Gazette," making a most scurrilous attack on myself, but with their usual honesty they dare not mention my name. I went to their great meeting outside "the Rodney" (75 per I cent, women and children). I went to hear -Mr. Smith defend Tariff Reform but was sad'y di,appointed.l His topic was of quite another matter. On my ! leaving the meeting, a few silly women and children amused themselves by shoutreg and booting me. Now, sir, I don't in the least mind such tactics occur- ing now and then. I am quite capable of takingcare of myself, but for the sake of the goad name of our opponents, those who are prominent in their ranks should show an example in good manners. I intend whilst in Warrington to carry on a clean fight, an I any statement I make I will substantiate. Let my opponents do likewise. Abuse is no argument; facts always stand. Yours very truly, HARRY NEW. 62, Norris-street, Sept. 15th 1011.

letters 7-111F7 \ to the , EDITOR.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

" Through De2th Valley."

The Mormon peril has aroused widespread attention of late and now we have a piny dealing with the subject Mr. Joseph Le Brandt's em iiing Urania " Through Death Valley," sheds • lurid light on life in Salt Lake City and if one tithe of what is alleged against the profet,sors of Mormonism in the West is true. we cannot wonder at the increasing repugnance with which this form of" religion "is regarded. Polygamy is only one of the Fins which the author lays to the charge of Nosh Catchpole, the scheming elder of the Mormon Church, and his accomplices. Their career,as depicted in the play, is one long record of treachety and double-dealing, culminating in minder. Judged to its merits as a diamatic production, the work is an exceptionally powerful one, intereet never flagging for a moment, whi'e there is a surfeit of sensations which makes the audience bold its bi Kith Particularly is this the case when the hero finds himself tied to a bee, with a rattle snake ass companion, but before the reptile has time to begin its amiable attentions, the faithful Indian Grey Wolf, always on the scene at the right moment, dis- patches it with a bullet. Mr. Frank Bertram's com- pany descents every credit for a spirited and realistic pet formance which has nightly met with great appre- ciation. Mr. Jack Fo, tescue makes a dashing, monly Jim blyddleton, the miner hero. Pc is rot a stranger to Warrington, for he took put with great acceptarce in " Lights Out" which was presented here two yea: s ago. Mr. Fortescue enhances his reputation by some really skilful work in his livest role and is fully equal to the ti ving demands of the Fiece. Miss Euid Edoni as Bees barniltmi, is • charming heroine and invests the part with vivaciousness as well as emrticn. Mr. Lotus Hector has an unenviable part as Noah Catcbpole, tho nnecrupnlou• Mormon elder. hut he presents a very convincing study. Mr. Arthur Gordon successfully impersonates hese, dm I Mimes cringing son, who excites more loathing than Ciish Beep, of infamous memory. The comedy element is well provided by Mr. Frank Bertram as the i'repressible Pat Cahill, Mr. Peter H. Gardner as ismer, the negro servant with the expan- sive grin, Ind Miss J. Russell S 1 iers as Kitty Cahill. Mr. John Sargent earr a great popularity Grey Wolf, a Sion: Indian, and all the other parts are in capable hands. The play is splendidly mounted.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Next week the attraction will be "Facing the World Alone," or" From Peasant Girl to Peeress " by Charks Darrell and J. Edward Whitty. This is the dramatised version of Lady J. Orme-Butler's famous bcok " The Flower Girl "—a romance of the English Peerage—and it is said that all the character, are real and the incidents true. After witnessing a performance of the pley, Lady Orme-Butler wrote : " I had the pleasure of witnessing Facing the World Alone 'last evening at the Lyric Ileatre and I must congratulate you on the charming manner in which you have condensed the 431 pages of my book into inch a delightful evening's entertainment."

===== 0002601_19110916_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TORY LEADERSHIP.

Peer's Hint to Mr. Balfour.

The Earl of Herrowby, speaking on the sneak n of the leadership of the Coitservative party at Hedneaford on Thursday night said it was not for him now to express as opinion whether their leader was or was not the beat Man, or aho should take his place. It was ... no übtedly the feet that he was rtspected by all parties in Hmo oad 'Commons end was second to DODO in obi 7 ity and experience. But they must recognime the • !sag that in the country there was a good deal of dixdatiafactioe and uncertainty. The remedy was ..,losioually • meeting of the party members awl, the leaders in the count, y, who alone had power to settle the buasinj question of leadership. • , _ . ..

===== 0002601_19110916_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
ALDERMANIC SENSATION.

Interesting Position.

[TO THE EDITOR OF THE " EXAMINER.I

Sir,—Seeing notices in the Press re lapse of my qualification as a burgess and intimating that thts will cause a vacant seat on the Aldermanic Bench, I desire to say that it is not my intention to resign from the Council. The lapse of my past qualification had quite escaped my memory till too late to be rectified, otherwise I should have seen to the holding of another qualification. On consult- ing the Municipal Corporations AO, I do not consider that there is reason for me to resign, and it is my intention to follow the course adopted by the late Alderman John Pick. mere, who found himself, throtigh oversight, exactly in the same position as I myself am to-day.—Yours truly

W. PIERPOINT.

Trautenau, Latchford.

13th September. 1911.

The above letter from Alderman Pierpoint will be read with satisfaction by his many friends and admirers in view of the premature announcement diligently circulated in Tory quarters that, as an outcome of the proceed- ings in the Revision Court, he was about to retire from the Town Council. Alderman Pierpoint is fully justified in the position he has taken up. It is true that, as his claim to a vote was not sustained, be loses his qualification as a burgess and his name will not appear on the new list which comes into operation on November Ist. He is perfectly at liberty to act as an alderman until that date and, as the term for which he was elected does not expire until 1916, he can still continue to hold office, though not to discharge the duties, until such time as he again qualifies as a burgess. There is one important local precedent for an alderman, disqualified in precisely the same way as Alderman Pierpoint, retain- , iqg office. The late Alderman John Pffikmere lost hisJote under similar circum- stances hut did nbi resign, and resumed his duties after he had acquired a nualification the following year.. If Alderman Pierpoint pursues the same course his seat cannot be declared vacant by two burgesses, as is the custom in case of resignation, and the Town Council ;:titself cannot take any action in the matter. The only means by which the legality of his position could ne contested is by an action brought by a burgess in the High Court. Until he again secures a qualification, however, Alderman Pierpoint will be debarred from voting or from taking part in discussions ,in the Council. We hear that in anticipation of a vacancy being declared in November. the Tories had decided to push Councillor W. Rogers claim to the aldermanic seat, although he is second to Councillor Wilkinson in seniority.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
FRED TAYLOR

By One Who Knew Him

. . . acd loved him too, for that was the natural sequence if you were fortunate enough to know him well. But you did not get to know him all at once. There was a certain shyness of manner which made one appreciate more fully the privilege of being able to penetrate beyond it ; and the deeper one got the more profound was the respect and admiration for what one found. There was no fuss or ostenta- tion, his strength was in his quietness. Can you , see Lim—all ycit friends of his? I can ' picture him most Joyfully ! How he found pleasure in simple things, because his mini was broad, and he saw the best in life ! How courteous was his manner, and how kind and considerate he was to all ! His smile and kindly greeting to those about made him a most welcome visitor in any house. Whether at work or at play his influence mmrt have been for good. You never heard him make a dis- paraging remark about anyone, he seemed always to see the good in everyone, and he ever drew the best from us. There was strength and power for good in him, which must have given inspiration to ethers; yet he could be so gentle and tender, and was always so tactful and unselfish He was a moat delightful companion in travel. He had red widely, and remembered 1. hat he read ' • he had a great store of information—historic and legendary— sod his sense of humour, keen observation, willingness to fall in with any plans, and the ahsolute joy and satir.faction be found in everything, made him most delightful and interesting. It was splendid to see him with children ; he was great enough to become a little child with them. Nothing in nature tamped him, for he was a true lover of the countr- The

for he wus _ .ortr ot toe Lu...ry. - light-hearted happiness of his la4t holiday with us, amid the beauty of hill and vale, will ever be one of our most cherished recollemions.

" Hie life was gentle: and the elements so mixed in him, that Nature might stand up, and any to all the world ' This was a man."

===== 0002601_19110916_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES, CO.,

LIMITED

A Profitable Year.

The thirth-eighth annual meeting ofthe Pearson and Knowles Conl and Iron Co., Ltd., will be bold on September 26th at the Company's Offices. The follow- ing is the report of the Directors: The profits for the year ending Jona 30th, 1911, amount to £70,977 153. 9/., and the balance brought forward from lit yeer is £15,960 Os., together £96,946 4. 941. . . . . _

An interim dividend at the rate of 6 per cent per annum Ca the first preference shares end 3 per cent per annum on the ordinary charm; was paid in Mach last for the half-3ear ending December 31st, 1910, amounting to £15,678 15e. "the directors now recommend that a dividend be paid for the past half-year at the rate of per cent per annum en the preference shares, 6 per cent per annum on the second preference shares, from the respective due dates on calls paid, and 5 per cent rer annum t n the ordinary shares, making with the interim dividend 4 per cent for the 3ear, and a total distribution of £39,086 les. 3d. The directors farther recommend that .C 15,000 be added to the reserve fund ; that the sum of £19,580 10s. 10d., which represents the expenditure on capital account for tie year, be written off, leavings balance of £13,359 3s. Bd. to be carried forward.

_ The issue of £140,000, the remaining capital of the oempany, in 6 yer cent. second preference shares, referred to in the last report, was successfully reified out In October, the applications for the shares con. siderably exceeding the amount to be allotted. The directors recommend that the cost of this issue, £7,393 10s. Bd.. be written off out of the reserve fund.

. The reinstatement of the Maypole Sit of the Moss Hall Coal Co., Ltd is not yet completed, but it is hoped that the colliery will be brought into full work during the current year. Trade during the year at both collieries and iron works hen rot bee!, satisfactory ; price. have been low, orders difficult to secure : and es a ct firequence, short time has been frequent in several departments. The Company, in common with other memters of the trade, bassoffered from increased cost of production, resulting from recent legislation, and the directors view with grave appreheesion. the prospects of farther developments in the same direction.. . . .

Satisfactory progress has been made during the year with the erection of the Steil Works of the Partington Steel and Iron Co., Ltd , in which this company holds& controlling interact, end it is expected that the plant will be ready ta be put into opemti n about the end of the year 1912. In compliance with the Articles of Association, Mr. J. S. Ilarmood Banner, M.P., retires from the Board, and is eligible for re-election. The auditors Masers. Meese and Sons. also retire, and are eligible for re-election. J. S. HARMOOI) BANNER, Chairman. ,

===== 0002601_19110916_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Royston—Houghton.

Christ C ureh, Pedgate. w..s the scene et a pretty I wed!d g which arouse] great interest on Took; when Yr. Percy Roystor, onogest son of the late Mr. William Royston and Mos. Royal .n, of Paddington. near Wart ington. was married to Miss Ellen Cooke (Nellie) Houghton, yr ungest -daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Houghton. of fraelam Farm. Wool,' on, near Warrington. The bride a. d bride- grcom ate members of families which Lava been. prominently associated with Padglue aid district for several genenti an, and have dot.e useful work in connection with the rho ch. Mr. Percy Royston at pi sent holds tie fsi lesman. Toe respect entertained for the parties f expression in the large co 'greg tiot which as cubed ta tritro so the ceremnny, the chan h being well filled. The Vicar (Rev. (. W, Diclins,n) cifiritteil. The service was choral and include] the hymns "The voice that breathed o'et Eden " and " 0 Father all creating." Mr. F. Blackwtll was at the organ, and olayed the Bridal March fr. m " Lohengrin" and Mendelesohn's Wtddi g March." The bride was given away by her brother, Mr. Herbert T. Houghton. Sue looked v ry chin] ing in an f xquisiti go .n of ivory while satin florcsca embr, idered nub satin beads and pearls 03 the skirt und corsage, and a'so on the long train which Lung lose from the s'..oukLr. A tulle veil

MISS HOUGHTON

AND

was surmounted with orange blossom and white heather,!and ehe carried a lovely bouquet of lilies of the valley, chrysanthemums, har's.i lilies, and white heather with smilax streamers. The bridesmaids were Miss Florence M. Houghton (sister of the bride), and Miss Dora E. Royston (sister of the bridegroom), who wore handsome dresses of ivory clair de lute, trio:mud with monsseleine de soie and Mechlh: lu e with large black hits. Their bouquets were comp tsed of pink rases with s-uilax streamers, avi their ornaments consisted of gold and opal pendants, the gift. of the bridegroom. Mr. I'. Hough on Bennett acted as best man. After the ceremony, a rrc3ption was held at Haslam Farm, a large number of guests attending. Many congratulatory telegrams were received. The happy couple were accorded a hearty " send-off" on departing for York, en route for the East Coast. where the honeymoon will be spent. The bride travelled in a smart navy blue tailm-made costume with hat to match.

The following is a list of the presents : Bridegroom to Bride, sets of furs Bride to Bridegroom, gold hunter watch Mr ITT and Miss Houghton, case of fish eaters and silver salts, Scc Mr and Mrs Harry Walsh tea services

Mr and Mrs Joseph C Warburton, canteen of cutlery and si:ver

Mast• er Tack Warburton, silver cake knife ..

, Mrs Royston, dinner service Mr W Stewart Royston case of tools

Mr and Mrs F 0 .noysion (Marren), else of silver teaspoons Mr end Mrs M H Royston (Cliorlion),Eiderdown quilt

Photo, I a rkt7lBoll.

MR. PERCY ROYSTON. Mr and Mrs James Houghton, charm Mns J, h Houghton, case fins carvers Mr William Houghton, cheqes Mjss A Jackson, psir of Filier candlesticks Mrs sal Miss Lircombe (Stockport), silver photo Irma Mr H B Nicholson, silver hot wster jug Mr ant Mrs Frenk Own (Malts), Maltese silk handkerchief and ivory curio Mr end sG S Pandlebery, picta-a Mien'• G rile " Pandleletry, table centre The Poulion-le-Fylde Ceusins, silver butter dish and knife Mr, Mrs and Miss Prior, ptir silver csedlesticks Mrs and Miss Richardson, Worcester vase Mrs Christopher and Miss Ella Royston, silver sugar bowl and sifter Miss Srinsoin (Blackpool), embroidered chairback Mr and Mrs John Smith, fl .wer pot Miss Stephenson (Manchester), mother of pearl opera glares Mrs Swinton and Mrs Birchen, silver hot water jug Mr and Mrs George Turley, silver inkstand and celendar

Mr and Mrs James Waddie (Leith), cut glass biscuit barrel Mr and Mrs John Walsh (Paisley), silver entree dish Miss Annie Warburton, pair silver pepperetter Mrs Isaac Warburton, silver sugar bowl and sifter Mr James and Miss E IVarburton,salad bowl & servers The Wardens of the Padgate Habitation of the Primrose League, pair of silver vases Miss Ida Whittle, pair of silver flower vases Mr and Mns Fred Wright, p ljr of silver If ,wer vases "Agnes," Worcester vases and cheese dish Jane," pair of ornaments "Honor," china fruit dish

Sc s, • A SS ; 4 * • ,

===== 0002601_19110916_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Read —Grounds.

The marriage was solemnized at the liiatoric Baptist Church at Hill Cliffe, on Monday, of Mr. Arthur T. Read, A.C.I.S , cf Derby, and Miss E. W. Ground,, youngest daughter of Mr. J. Groinds of Lower Walton. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a travelling costume of navy blue and grey picture hat with feathera to match. Ihe brick smaid was Miss A Green, of Stafford, who wore a blue velvet go a n trimmed with cream lace Lod a black picture hat. Mr. George Bushel, of Stafford, discharged the duties of best man. The Bev. J. S. Chedburn officiated. After the ceremony the wedding breakfast was held at the home of the brides father. Later in the day the happy ci uple left for Nerth Wales where the honeymoon is being spent.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
BOttill 7 Dell:

A pretty wedding tcok place at the Parish Church, on Tuesday morning, when Mr. Stanley Bertram Bolting, only son of Mr. Henry Bolting, rf and of Shalford Mills, Surrey, was married to M Florence Marion Dell, second daughter of Mr. and Mrs F. J. Dell, Church-etreet, Warrington. The Rector, the Rev. Canon Willis, cfficiated. The bride who was given away by her father, was prettily attired in a blue travelling costume, with a•black satin picture hat trimmed with ostrich feathers. She carried a bouquet of white lilies and Mlles of the valley and white heather, and wore diamond earring, both being the gifts if the bridsgro, m. The Mich smaids were the Misses Esenueline and Rose Dell (sisters of the bride!, who carried bouquets of white chrysanthe- mums and lilies of the valley and tea roses. Their ornaments were wrist watches, the gifts of the bride- groom. Mr. H. U. Dell discharged the duties of best man, while Mr. Eugene Dell (brother of the bride) pr. sided at the olten,and playel appropriate selececns including Mendelesohn's Wedding March. After the ceremony the bells rang out a merry pal. 'Ths reception was held at St. Clement's Mistime. Hank- street. Many valuable and useful presents were received from numerous relations and fiienda. Loser the happy cant le left for the South Coast, where the honeymoon is being spent.

An interesting wedding was solemnised at the Parish Church, on Monday, when Mr. Ernest -Hall (Borough Surveyor's Department), second tkn el tbe late Mr. John Lees Hall, Knutsford-road, was matried to Miss Lily Smith, daughter of Mr. Robert Smith, Manchester.road. The Rector (the Rev. Caiion Willis) officiated. Mr. F. M. Darby, 11lt18. bac., the organist, played appropriate music which included Mendelssobia's " Wedding March," as the bridal party left the church. The bride, who was given avrty by her father, was charmingly attired in a dress of ivory chiffon taffeta silk, trimmed with Limerick lace and a train tastefully decorated with thick silk cord and lovers knots. Her bouquet was composed of Mies. Miss E. Parton, of Liverpool acted as bridesmaid, being tastefully attired in a square necked knffic over silk crepe-de-cbene, which was prettily relieved a ith blue and black. She wore a white striped silk hat trimmed with roves, and carried a bouquet of carnations. The bride was also attended by the Misses Smith and Clark who looked very pretty in their silk and lace frocks n ith silk drooping hats with long streamers. They carried baskets of pink and white flower', the attendance of these little girls , greatly enhancing the beauty of the scene. Mr. Stanley Hall, brother of the bridegroom carried cut the duties of best man. The bride's mother wore a handsome saxe-blue robe of skeins,' with • hat of the same co`our. while her bouquet consisted of pink and white sweet teas. After the ceremony a reception was held in Atkinson's Cat', when shear 50 guests rn.iembled, the duties of M.C. being carried out in an efficient manner by Mr. Robert Swith, of India, a nephew of the bride. The honeymoon is being spent at Towyn, North Wales, the bride travelling In a navy blue costun.e trimmed with emerald green, richly braided with black and a black tagal hat with large ostrich plumes'. Many choice presents were received including one from der officials of the Corporation.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t••• r • * : -f

===== 0002601_19110916_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
s

===== 0002601_19110916_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Williams—Shearer.

A large congregation assemble d in St. Paul's Church on Thutsday morning to witness the mart iage of Mr. John Leslie Williams of Ctoydon, Surrey, son of Mr. J Williams of Vancouver, and grandson of Mr. Charles Brown, Bonchurch, Lie of Wight, and Miss Marguerite Shearer, second daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Basil Shearer. 19, Priesttey-street, Warrington. Great interest centred in the happy event, the bride being a member of a well-known local family and enjoying the esteem of a Itvga circle of friends. The Vicar (Bev. W. Bracecamp) officiated. Mr. E. Wilkes presided at the organ and played choice feat a selections. The bride, who was given away by her father, was beautifully attired in ivory crepe Is clune, over silk, the square train being tnmated with true lovers' knots and orange

Phutol

in. She wore a veil -^7tii-1 with a wreath of orange blassom and ca. ndsome bouquet of white heather and lilies ley, the gift of tha bridegroom. She was attendea by her sister, Miss Belle Shearer, who was pretti'y dressed in peach coloured crepe-de-chene, with under-dress of satin to match, and large black tagal hat, tiimmed with white wings. Her bouquet was composed of French inarguerites—tbe bride's name dower—and her ornament was a gold slave bangle, both being the gifts of the bridegroom. Mr. C. I . Williams (brother of the bridegroom) di-char4ed the dutitia of boatman. The reception was held at the Patten Armin Hotel and later, amid the hearty congratulations of their many friends, the happy couple departed for London and South Cornwall, where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride travelled in a rem& green cloth costume with large beige tagal hat, trimmed with long ostrich feather, and a long fur-lined travelling coat (to match dress`, the gift of the bridegroom. Many very hand- some preseos were received.

Cook—Taylor. There was a pretty wedding at All Saints' Church, Thebull. co Thursday afternozn. when Mr George Edward Cook, of CoWey, Gloucerer, was married to Miss Jessie Taylor. youngest daughter of Mr. Norman I Taylor. Beech House. Theloall. The Rey. T. Pym W'tlljawaut, Vicar of 'lhelneall. performed the cer‘m iny, asisted by the Res. Wilfred Stanton. The bi ide was charmingly attired in cream eolienne with veil and wreath of orange blossom, and carried a beautiful bouquet of white roses, stephanotis and lilies, the gift of her father. Her ornamect was a pearl bracelet, a present from the bridegroom. The bridesmaid was Miss Daisy Kite, of The'wall. who was tastefully dressed in cream serge, with black hat. Her bouquet—the gift f the bride s father, was com- posed or roses. stephanoiis and carnations . and sbe

wore a pearl pendant, presented by the bridegro)m. Mr. John Honeyman, of Liverpool, acted as lest man. After a reception at lieeeh House, the newly-married couple left for Llandudno, the bride travelling in a cream serge costume. with hat to match. Mr. and %Ire. Coplt were the recipients of many handsome presenta. The bride'l gift to the bridegroom con- sistd of a gold seal and case of pipes.

''N \ N 5\,..........,..........000) % t . , \ , , :, -

[Chidley MISS MARGUERITE SHEARER.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
The Misses Royston, set of oak t sbles Miss }Cochleas Royston. uilver serviette ring Master Stewart Royston, pair of ornameate Mr Bert ileamount (Men :heater) plant pot Mrs and Miss Bennett (Broche Heath), inlaid mahogany clock Aldermen and Mrs A Binnett,Wurzester Dr and Mrs J Bennett, braes pleat pot Mr arid Mrs JosepS Bennett. silver mot Isar Mr P Houghton nu:met, silver asks basket Mr iod Mri \Vaittr linnr.r, ilv:, eg; sari I asi n.O.Ma Mt and Nfra Williem B, matt, bossy j sr Mr F Birchall, silver photo hams Colonel and hire .1 D B iskton. Jap %WM taa caddy Mr P Rutland. case of silver desert knives this 0 Cahill (Msnahester), silver batter dish Mies Carter ((Vindermere), silver card tray Rev 0 W Dickinson, oak birometcr Miss Earle, pair eilver serviette rings Messrs Eustincs and Co , but•ar, laiscuit and cheats dish Mr T .1 Evans (Manchester), ink stand Mr and Mrs II Ex sr:l, r ea bowl . . -

Ai Old Friend, I, ,ok—Sl.cti,ne fr.,m Rrsia Messrs A and W and M lasts A and T. Gibson, revolv- ing entree dish Mr full Krs Thornis Gi`osno, pair of elve: serviette rings air an I Mrs E ward Onriou, fru:t stag Mr 9 llunkinn,n, set of jugt Miss Hera ood (Pendleton), silver cake bis%et Mr William lindgkinann, afternoon ten cloth Mr and Mrs Frei il -.Caron, broso fin iron' Mr G -oil end NIL. Hilda Honghtion,cat glass jug and tarablero Mr ant Mrs H 'Try Houghton, pair of brans candle- sticks Mr Is so Houlbtoo, obeqie

===== 0002601_19110916_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
HOWLEY BRIDGE.

TENDER ACCEPTED AND WORK TO PROCEED

Residents of the Howley and Latchford Wards will be gratified to learn that there is an early prospect of the much-talked of bridge across the Mersey to connect the two districts becoming an accomplished fact. At a meeting of the Bridges Committee yesterday a plan was approved and tender accepted for the construction of a footbridge , at Howley, and the Borough Surveyor was instructed to proceed at once with the laying of the foundations on the I Victoria Park side. We understand that the cost of the structure will not exceed £4OO. When completed it will prove an untold convenience to the public, as they will be enabled to cross from Howley to Latchford without making the circuitous journey thr9ugh the town. Bowlers in particular will appreciate the improved means of getting to the greens in Victoria Park.

Although not on a very pretentious scale, the new bridge will, we are informed, be of pleasing design, the ornamental as well as the merely utilitarian aspect having received due attention.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BRIDGE.

Subject to the approval of the Ccuncil the Bridges Committee has accepted a tender for the construction of a temporary footway Gver the eastern side of the existing bridge. The provision of this accommodation for pedestrians will be rendered necessary by the closing of one of the footpaths while the bridge works are in progress. In order to facilitate the traffic over the footpaths on each side of the iron bridge which spans the ' Mersey at Arpley, the Borough Surveyor has been instructed to request the London and North- Western Railway Company to remove tlie small gates and thus allow a continuous stream of pedestrians to pars along without having, as at present, t 3 wait their turns at a narrow gateway.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NOVEMBER ELECTIONS.

Although it seems a far cry to the municipal elections in November, there is already talk of some exciting contests. The following is a list of the councillors whose term of office expires Tows HALL WAItD : Councillor T. Dirties (I). WIIITEI ID Os WARD : Councillor H. Roberts (L). BEWSEY WARD : Councillor James Dickenson (L). ORFORD W tnt. : Councillor James Halliwell (L). Si. JOHN'S W \RD : Councillor F. T. Lash'ord (C). FAIRFIELD WARD Councillor J. G..Craik

HOWLEY WARD . Councillor T. Chandra: (C). Sr. AUSTIN'S WARD: Conoci.l.l.or q. W. 4Ueepli (C)

LATCHFORD WARD

Councillor J. Pemberttin

LIBERALS TO FIGHT. During the past week there have been meetings of the Liberal committees for the following wards:— Orford, Bewsey. Howley, Latchford, St. John's, St. Austin's and Fairfield. It wao unanimously decided to contest each ward, and in several cases where the retiring representative is not a Liberal, deputations were appointed to wait upon passible candidates..

===== 0002601_19110916_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
PROBABLE KEEN FIGHTS.

It is announced that Mr. George F. Robson will be the Trades and Labour candidate in Orford Ward, where the retiring representative is Councillor Hallisten (L) The Conservatives are said to be nominating Mr. J. Hill, who unsuccessfully contested the Ward against Councillor Wilkinson last November, so there is a prospect of a three-cornered fight. Mr. J. Hampson, who previously stood without success in the Socialist interest, will be the Socialist and Labour candid tte for St. John's Ward,ia op position to Councillor Lashford (C.).

===== 0002601_19110916_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW SCHOOLS

Education Committee's Recommendations.

The nsuel meeting of the Education Committee will be held on Monday evening at Lb. Town Hall.

SCHOOL FOR DEFECTIVE CHILDREN.

The Sub-Committee appointed to consider as to the provision of a special school for physically defective' children having reported that the Board of Education I considered the site acquired by the committee in Parr- street to be sufficient for the purposes of both a special I school and a public elementary school, it was on their recommendation, resolved, that a special school to accommodate ICO physically defective children be erected on the site in Parr-street. NEW SCHOOL IN OAKWOOD AVENUE.—SITE PURCHASED. A draft agreement—which had been prepared by the Law Clerk to the Committee in respect of the purchase from Mr. P. Lawton of the site for a public elementary school in Oakwood avenue--sat submitted, and it wan resolved, that the name be approved ; atid that Resole- I tion No. g SOL (a; be amended so as to provide for the litres of the site being 0,703; square yards, and the price 1,271 Is. 3d. •

===== 0002601_19110916_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
OLIVER STREET.

It seas noted that the Board of Education had approved of a site for a public elementary school aced by the Committee in Oliver-street. . _ _

===== 0002601_19110916_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
ARCHITECTS FOR NEW SCHOOLS.

The Sites and Buildings Committee on September sth carefully considered the question of the eppointment of an architect or architects hr the schools about to be built, end in the end it was resolved that,in the spiel°e of this committee it is desirable that an architect should be employed to carry out the chub, of the work in coonection with the designing and erectiuu of the schools, and that a sub-committee, coosistiug of Mr. Councillor Robert Henshall, Mr. Councillor John Pemberton, Mr. Councillor Hear, Roberta, Mr. Coun- cillor John Wilkinson, Mr. Richard T. Fairclottith and the Chairman of the committee (Mr. Alderman William B iton), be app3inted to prepare, for the consideration of the committee, details of the att..ets try arrangements for putting this proemsi into effect.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
LOVELY L %NE SITE.

The Committee proceeded to Lovely-lane to view the suggested pesition of the site for the public *le- mentary rchool to be erected there, end it was resolved that the General Purposes Committee of the Town Council be asked to appropriate to this Committee about two acres of land on the northern extremity nf the site for the purpose of the erection thereon of • public elementary school.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
Union of Clerks.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Branch of the National Union of Clerks WAS held at the Labour Exchange on Monday September 11th. During the mon:h of July five new branches have been formed— Enfield, Port of London Autblrity No. I. Victoria and Albert Docks, India Docks and Millwall, and Tilbury Docks, and it is • rele ming feature to know that all tbe London Dock clerks in the Port of London Authority have become memb.ra i f the The second reading of the Office RegnLdion Bill will take place on October !!oth. The Secretary gave an address on Trade Ivnioeism for Clerks.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AERIAL POST.

The fret official erial mail service wee successfully etartod on Saturday. Despite a strong and gent, wind Mr. Hamel flaw with • special bag of malls from the Hendon Aerndroroe to Windsor, where be alighted close to Queen Victoria's tomb. Flying • Blerlot monoplane be made the joansey of nineties miles in thirteen mibutes. His bag of mails weighed Wilbs., the letters 'lncluding meelege• from the King and Queen, from the ' Postmaster General, and from Ambaseadors to places abroad:. . .

Hr. Hubert, one of the aviators engaged on the erial poet, had both his lege brosea in an aczident at Hendon 00 Monday morning.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
GLOBE

Furnishing Co.

U R. Guru'', Pror;;-<”,) PEMBROKE Liverpool PLAOE.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON, WRDNESDAY.

PRISM Foos, 7 and S. LAane Bouts, 2s Col. FRRSH Burrzn, Is 6d. SMALL SOLES, I s Bd. CRIES., 7d and Bd. DORKING CABoss 3s 9d each RABBITS, 10d and Is. DUCKLINGS 3s 6d each. FOWLS (couple) 4s6d to 5s ad SALMON TROUT, IS Si. DUCKS (couple)ss 6rl to 6s 641.65105 SOLES, IS. POTATOES, 5s to 63 &load. HALIBUT, Is. CO IS. 23. 818., 6d to 104 per lb. Con, U. MUTTON, 6d to 10d por lb. HAILS, 6d. WHEAT.—IS 9d to 4s lid per 701bn. OATS.-2.. 8d to 2. lid per 45Ibs. CLOVIIR RAT.—.C4 is to .64 7s. 6cl per ton. OAT STRAW.—E 2 4s to .C 2 Si per too. WHEAT STRAW.—.C2 2.64 to £2 3s Li. XX FLOUR.-231 per 210 lbs. BRAN—IS 1.4 per 20Ibs.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WESLEYAN METHODISM.

Quarterly Meeting. The quarterly meeting of the Warrington circuit was held at Stockton Heath on Thursday, tea being provided by the Stockton Heath ladies who were heartily thanked on the proposition of Mr. Weaver and Mr. Withinshaw.

The Rev. A. W. Br, xt.r presided over a very large and representative meeting. The senior Circuit Steward Mr. F. A. Havris introduced the five cew ministers to the circuit and gave them a hearty welcome, armoring them cf loyal support. Mr. BE( KET replied for the ministerial et.ff, said how much they appreciated the kind welcome they had received to the \Warrington Circuit. They found it a joy to serve and he felt sure that with the- suppor tof the people. tbe good work of the last fete years would be continued and their hopes more than realised.

Mr. HARM.- explained that owing to the failure of Mrs. Seed's health the Rev. W. Seed had felt com- pelled to remove from the Circuit. He proposed that Mr. Seed be heartily thanked for the services he had rendered whilst, in Warrington. This was curled. unanimously. . . .

Dr. Frit,:u.,,x, in the absence of the secretary, Hr. R. H. ifeldrum, baring read the minutes, the Chair- man presented the return of membership, which showed the numbers to be practically the same as last year. The steward', financial statement showed a considerable balance against the C. i,cuit, but. this I was explained as being caused by the abnormal expense-. incurred by the removal of so many minietere at one time. The steward- reported that they expected to be able to report by next quarter (thy an extinction of the debt.

The following officials were eh cted :—Tressnrer of Aged Ministers' Fund, Mr. J. Jackson (Moore, : treasurer of Foreign Mission Fund, Mr. W. Silcock ; secretaries of Foreign MiSaions, Bev. If. NClliarnion, , 8.A., and Mr. J. G. Withenshaw ; magazine secretary, , Mr. Hamblet ; treasurer to Circuit Travelling Fund, Mr. Sherlock ; ease leaden,' secretary, Mr. Hall ; temprance eeeretwriee, Rev. H. Midd ewood and Mr. G. Whitfield ; ed:tors of "Church Record " [Sr Ferguson and Mr. Whim re. ' The enainv r, repotted that by new conneziocat legislation assistant class leadei s were now members of the Leaders' meeting, and that such assistants must 1,3 elected annually, the position not to be necestari'l a permanent one. A long and animated discussion took place on the ministerial appointments to Padgate and Penketh but ultimatel the matter was left in the Chairman's hand,.

- The Ilea. F J. P, F., of Liverpool, addressed the meeting on the coming centenary eelebrati fl of the Foreign Missionar: Society nest year. The Liverpor.l District, of which Warrington formed a part, was the premier missionary I listrict in Methodism and it was at a Liverpool Conference in IsIZ that the Missionary Society was firm launched. He pleadei for an awakened. interest in the Mission cause and gave much valuable advice as to how that interest 7...iiglat be wi lane! rind intensified.

Mr. Pope was thanked for his stimulating addre49. The meeting then spat a considerable time in discussing the work in the Circuit during the coming six months, and the bop, was expressed that by aggressive, earnest. whole-betrted work ths member- ship should be increase,l by !.!.i) dining the coming year.. . . . . .

The meeting was invited by the B.Ad-street stewards to Bold-street on I tecerober 14th. This iovitation wa, accepted, and the meeting clo-ed with prayer by the Rev, 11.

MAICHIAGL.

RUYITON—• HOrGHTO,; —On September 12th, at flak, Church, Pisdpte, neer Warrington, by the Rev G. W. Dickinson, Percy, yonngast son of the late Mr. William Royston and Mrlll. Royston, of Paddington. t, Ellin Cooke (Nellie) youngest daughter of toe late Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Houghton, of Ifaslsm Farm, Woolston.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
SILVER WEDDING.

FE,‘ —ELIA soN :---g;Ptreas—be—r-1-471):: —I4SG, at Baptist Church, Go! boroe-stfeet, Warrington, by Roe. Efwmr.l Moore, Bea twin Pee, of Stocktoo Heath, to Nferpret, deuebter of the late Ald•rmaa Ellison, JP., f Latchford. DEATH.

8R1D4,..—0n Septernbe'r"liti:: st 2, Batterthy-lsoe, Warriostno, Sarah, tb• bslovstl wife of Itichari Bridge, seed 51 year&

WA ERIMOTON.—Printed and Publinh......A by Jolt a WALE KR a CO. (Warringion„ Ltd., at The itasirtiner Getters' Print's' Worte Roareakstreat, and trubliabed by thorn at the mime place, and also 2, The ;Ezell...ter- Ofsoea, Victoria-toed, WI DEEI. 2, Geoßge-atreet. ST. HILVIS. 3, Market-street. ka9 LILYTO Clatutb-street, RUNCORN. SEPTE)TRER 13 1911.

===== 0002601_19110916_art0142.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Fro--

===== 0002601_19110916_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
_ . W. AARON WILKINSON, Speaker Clairvoyant and Clairandient DRUIDS' HALL, SUNDAY, 3.15 and 690 ; MONDAY 8. 24th, HARVEST FESTIVAL, Mr. HANSON 0. HEY. BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 17TH. Paz Acßut : Rtv.JACKSON STEWART CHEDBURN Morning 10 30. Evening 6.0. OFFERTORIES. BOLD STREET WESLEYAN WARRINGTON. TOMORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 17TH. MORNING 10.30: REV. W. A. BECKETT. EVENING 6.30: REV. HUGH WILLIAMSON. B A. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 17TH. 1911 PREACHER: MR. E. WYNNE JONES. 10.45 ex. : "Our Debt to the Past.' 6.30 ' Our Hope for the Future." BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 17ru Morning 10.45: 58k. THOMAS DALE. Evening 630 : MR. WALTER CAREER. BIBLE CLASS, 3 O'CLOCK. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. BE W Si:. 1- ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. To-moREOH, (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 17TH, 1911. Morning 10.30. REV. JOHN GUNNELL. Evening 6.30. REV. W. A. RECKE IT. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided. 'W YCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TOMORROW (SUNDAY), SEPTEMBER 17nt, 1911. Morning 10.30. Evening 6 30. PREACHER: S TUDENT (Lancashire Celle ge). P.B.A. FOR MEN i'r3 PM. HILL CLIFFE BAPTIST CHURCH. AUTUMNAL SERVICES. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17TH, 1911. PREACIIER :—REV. R. ROGERS (of Tarporley). SERVICES: 2.30 AND 6.30. SPECIAL HYMNS AND ANTHEMS By THE CHOIR AT EACH SERVICE. COLLECTIONS IN AID OF CHURCH FUNDS. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH, LEGH ST., WARRINGTON. HARVEST FESTIVAL TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), SEPT. 17TH, 1911. Morning, 10.90. - Evening, 6.30. PREACHER : REV. W. COOPER. AFTERNOON at 2.30, a SACRED CANTATA, entitled " A Song of Thankagiving."—(Malinder.) SPECIAL MUSIC AT EVENING SERVICE. Collections at each Service in aid of Trust Funds. ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. PROPRIETOR : Mn. JOSEPH BEECHAM. GENERAL MANAGER : Mn. A. H. LOADER. ACTING MANAGER: MR. H. WARBURTON. MONDAY, SEPT. 11TH., & FOLLOWING FIVE NIGHTS. A new play of absorbing domestic interest" FACING THE WORLD ALONE." Times and Price... usual. LOOK OIIT FOR "OLAI:DIAN: AXT ARR IN G TON MUSICAL SOCIETY. 1' Rehearsals for Chorus and Band will be resumed on TUESDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 19m, in Cairo-street Schoolroom at 7.20 p.m. The Conductor will be in attendance at 650 to receive intending new members. THE HUNGRY CHILDREN MUST BE FED' Demonstration Co-operative Hall. Sankey at. Monday, Sept. 18tb. Chair will be taken at 7.30. SPEAKER : GEO. H. ROBERTS, M.P. ALL SEATS FREE. WIT ARRINGTON SOCIALIST SOCIETY. METING WILL BE HELD ON ;NDAY NIGHT NEXT AT 6.15 AT THE )SAW MILL, BRIDGE FOOT. " NGTON PROGRESSIVE LABOUR LEAGUE. AIR MEETING AT BRIDGE FOOT AY NEXT, SEPT. Mu, 1911, AT 7.30 SPEAKER: MISS EDITH HAMMOND, (London.) QUESTIONS INVITED. WA R RINGT 0 N SWIMMING CLUB 28ru ANNUAL GALA AT THE CORPORATION BATHS, LEGH STREET, THURSDAY NEXT, SEPTEMBER 21sT. HARRY CRANK, PROFESSIONAL CHAMPION ACROBATIC DIVER OF THE WORLD. Commence at 8 prompt. Reserved sesta Is. Li.; Side of bath Is. ; Gallery 6d. H. FURNIVAL, Hon. Sec.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME. 7 O.—TWICE NIGHTLY-9.0. MONDAY NEXT. SEPTEMBER 18m, 1911. FRED KARNO PRESENTS MR. JUSTICE PERKINS AND THE BAILIFF. PALACE PERFECTION PICTURES. THE CEDRIC°, Original Comedy Act. VELA, Comedy Wire Act. WILL 11. FOX, In Comedy Trick Playing Piano Act,. MONIE MINE, Singer ,k Dancer. FIVE PETLEYS, In their Great Comedy Aerial Gymnastic Act. Gallery, Id. ; Pd, 4d. ; Circle. 6.1 ; Stalls, Is. JJ _ AIRCOMBINGS I made up 2/. per oz. COVERLETCE I TAILS OF } / FROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE 56 F.O. 3[6 BACH. I HAIR. .1 T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH ST. (CAR STATION), _ LIVERPOOL. MJR. WILLIAM COOKE, - oronik L Lymm Paneh Church, resnmee lessons on Sept. 12th in PIANOFORTE, Ac. at pupil's residence, at 121 Church at., Runcorn, and at Brookfield Villa., Lyrnm. pupils successfully prepared for lona fide examinations TENTS' SALE or HIRE, Cart Sheets, horse' cloths, Cart Ropes, Twines, roofing felt Ac. Repairs and Re-dressing.—ALEX McCONNELL. 96, BUTTERMARKET-STREET (Opposite old ts"4lawell). WARRINGTON. TklE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pto receive loans, either at six months notiosorr ad term of years.—Applioation to be made to the BOROUGH TRZASURSR, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

SIR. J. DRURY and FAMILY beg to thank al I 1.! friends for their kind sympathy in their recen sad bereavement, also for floral tributes. A/R. RICHARD BRIDGE and Family wish to 1,1 THANK ALL FRIENDS for kind expressions of sympathy and floral tributes in their recent bereavement. VREDEBICK TAYLOR and Family desire to aeknowledge the many tokens of sympathy received in their recent bereavement. They also appreciate the tilent sympathy of other Friends.—ClßHEN BANK. Manchester rd.

1)R. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. ACTS LIKE A CHARM IN DIARRWEA, COLIC, AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS. DR J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C HLORODYNTr. THE STAND-BY IS ALL HOT CLIMATES. SHE that yon have a BOTTLE in the honse, it may be needed when SHOPS ace closed. ASK FOR AND SEE THAT YOU GET DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, VIE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE Of all Chemist', in. lid., 2". 9d. sad 4e. Id.

111, BRIDGE STREEF, WARRINGTON, MISS RIefITIRDSON begs to announce that she is now showing at the above prerAses. A SMART STeeK of eoIITS. eOSTUMES, FURS, BLOUSES, SKIRTS, Sec., at reasonable prices.

T Et',SHION Se WE SHALL MARE OUR SECOND SHOW OF NOVELTIES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS ON TUESDAY, SEPT. 19TH, AND FOLLOWING DAYS. AFTERNOON TEA WILL BE PROVIDED. INSPECTION INVITED, IRRESPECTIVE OF PURCHASING. W. HODGKINSON LTD. BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

r=GM SEM MOM 11•111MIMIMIIIMI I Tidy Paul says: i _ I , 't . ~ • I I\ - .. . •-", I . / I • • I, i ,frr flit, i\:A- -4 ,„ , , 1 I , , • \ ' .0" ‘ I 1 ' :, 1' ' - \IV/ I • I We are glad i I of Complaints I • . • I Because it gives us an oppor• tunity of putting things right. I Complaints are usually the 1 result of unintentional mistakes and misunderstandings. In any ail large business it is impossible to Ito altogether prevent them. Therefore when you feel you have any cause for complaint. I please let us know immediately —please give us an opportunity of adjusting it. _

______, ~, .' • _ ~._ . , ' .fr i or ~.,-_-_-_-_- —_A 4 -••• -' .., 2,, -- GOLDSMITHS, SILVERSMITHS' ---551-n'k S-ti‘--e-e-ti- - , 6- DIAMON D", ERCHA WA °RI riGTON I - mNTS* _

TEE rn EXORS OF TEETH J. H. PARKINSON TEETH MANCHESTER TEETH ATTEND TEETH 9 ECYPT STREET. TEETH TEETH TEETH WARRINGTON. 11 EVERY WEDNESDAY to 7 Branches at TEETH NORTHWICH, WINSFORD and II I DDLEWICH (Sea Local Papers).

RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Largesmortment of Framed Pictures suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Pri.es, Ste. Terme moderato, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYPR OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD 111110RAVING5.

IT WAS LIKE MAGIC! .6, a7ANI, t":-'-----'--°`"- , ;:2 772 The Lion looked ' --•-ii.-iir ---r— . rc, aft Ailift '. ‘''i dangerous. his head down' Alf- --i, c'' ---'-'-. .;,-,- --: ' and coming with a rush at them but witha t r, IR *Tx; ~ i , _ c:.,..,,,t-1 -v,,,,. ---, _ ~. sudden "Swish" the Urn- -0111 ,411,,, , (~ , ....: brella was opened and ' i 401 r - ---: 'W :" ' .., . • pointed at the brute. \ ._ , 11 \ The Lion turned tail. C: lee( ik4' 1 he knew the strength of 77.i.._;„,—;_:„.----:_z the umbrella which was WILSON'S f RELIA NCE , UMBRELLA. "THAT'S HOW IT'S DONE!" said the lover to his sweetheart, these Umbrellas are handy and useful. Known the World over, at prices from 1/3 to 63/— Strong, Smart, Durable and Cheap. RE—COYERED old umbrellas by us are returned like a New Parliament--Ready for smart service. Prices from 1/6 upwards. WALKING STICKS make nice presents. Gill us a call SEND ALL REPAIRS TO J. WILSON & Co., sup.E7LEL,Li.,,,sAT,. 48, Horsemarket St., Warrington,

Mrs. WALSH Ladies' and ehildren s Cutfitter. SPECIAL SHOW WARNER'S RUSTPROOF CORSETS, guaranteed not to rust, break or tear. 50 & 52, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR ARTISTIC AND RELIABLE FURNISHING GOODS of every description AT THE LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH OR ON EAST TERMS the it PIONEER BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL. All Goods Over 4C - Gall or send for Large Illustrated Delivered Free. Money Saving Guide Fre•.

HOUSE FURNISHING. We hold the largest stock of HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS In the North of England. AND SELL AT THE LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH. R 34, to 48, LONDON-ROAD, HOAM-STREET au & mile; THBRIDPORT-STREET, AND FRASER -STREET. LIVERPOOL Illustrated Catalogue PIZ'S' Free on application. Telegrams, "FURNISHING." Telephone 1214 Nov

- Old 1, & bar CHICALA A DRY FEED FOR CHICKENS AGENTS CARTER & SON Bridge St. Warrinoton

_ _ _ .D.U.S/2/2.12=2.12.1212.12.1242.12 a a a 40 CUPS 111.1 of perfect coffee a from 1 bottle of Symington's Coffee 2 1111 Essence—its - eco- nomy appeals to the thrifty housewife fi as forcibly as its u 46.4, fragrance and 2 ki'ifo:-10 strength appeal to 2 4 clroo the connoisseur. a Be sure you 2! a Symington's. a TAAr SysAiwitos EthwAs,AA SLamina. SYMINGTON'S '§ Coffee Essence. gt

Education . _ HOICIE SCHOOL (Girls), recommended; thorough education, moderate terms ; country.—Miss SUTCLIFFE, Farnworth, near Warrington. THE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS WARRINGTON.— Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Boys.—Prinoipsl, MISS DRING, A.C.P. Stsff includes HA, and L.R.A.M. Next term commences Wednesday, September 20th. T 0 CKT 0 N LODGE HIGH SCHOOL +7 STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. ' (3 minutes from car terminus,l Day ard Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. Large home, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great Successes in sxaminction. The Next Term will commence on THURSDAY, Sept. 21st. Prospectus, references, and views on applications, to MIS, PARTINOTON, Principal. MOAT ARE TOO GOING TO DO PITH YOUR BOYS AND GIRLS ? DO you wish them to take up s Commercial Career DO you wish them to enter the Civil Service 2 DO you wish them to enter one of the Profewions THEN CALL and consult E. SMART tc CO., 1, Buttermarkebstreet, Warrington' the oldest and most successful Business Training and Civil Service College in England. Fees from £2 25. per quarter. Ladies end Gentlemen are given afient class Business Education, equipped with everything necessary to ensure a successful Commercial Career ; end guaranteed s good position when efficient. Fees from El Is. per quarter. Tuition is given in all subjects (orall branches of the Civil Service, Professional Preliminaries, Banks Railways, etc. Under our methods of tuition, encomia s certain. Open from 10 to 9. Call Any Day, Any Hour. E. SMART & CO., St TTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON

BLACKPOOL, LANGHAM PRIVATI HOTZL, opposite Talbot rd. Station, Quest it.; terms from 51. 6d. per day. Tel. 800. SCARBOROUGEL—ST. AUBYN'S BOARDING HOUSE, New Queen it.; near lea; central; moderate and Inclusive:terms.—PßOPßTlLTOß. LONDON.—WILD'S First-nlass TEMPERANCE HOTELS, SO to 40, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. Electric Lift. Central for Business or Pleasure. Also at 70 and 71, EUSTON SQUARE. Close to Eaton, St. Panora', and King's Cross Stationa Home Comforts, Cleanliness. and Quiet.

WHITEHEAD, or. Belfsat.—" SUNSHINE HOUSE," Private Boarding Eatabliehment. Beautifully situated ; own grounds; sunny sheltered ; open new frontage •, air bracing ; scenery delightful ; good table; ideal for health and comfort. Golf, boat- ing, fishing.—Js ens WYLIE, Proprietor. EDINEURGH.—MeIviIIe Hotel, 3, Castle Terrace (Victoria), I, Erskine Place, nearest Temperance Hotels; Caledonian Station, Princes at., 1 minute ; Excursion Parties catered for ; bed and breakfast from 3s. ed.—BROWN. _ _ _

SOUTIEWORT. H AYES'S RESTAURANT (PT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. ChOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &c., TICSTINIONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN L &WASH IRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

GENERAL ELLIOT HOTEL CROFT. THIS WELL-KNOWN COUNTRY RESORT HAS NOW BEEN ACQUIRED BY GEO. SHAW AND CO., LIMITED, OF LEIGTI BREWERY, LEIGH. Who have made Extensive Alteration' for the Convenience of Visitors. LARGE AND SMALL PICNIC AND PLEASURE PARTIES can be comfortably accommodated in SUITABLE DINING ROOMS. LUNCHEONS, DINNERS AND TEAS Served at the Shortest Notice and on Reasonable Terms. A SPACIOUS AND WELL KEPT BOWLING GREEN IS ATTACHED TO THE HOUSE. SMART BILLIARD ROOM WITH EXCELLENT TABLE. First Class ALES, STOUTS, WINES & SPIRITS, &c. Cigars and Cigarettes of Well-known Brads. FOR TERMS, &C., APPLY— MANAGER, GENERAL ELLIOT, CROFT, Na. WARRINGTON

Wit LACEPOOL.—Comfortahle APARTMENTS near 11-1 Bea and Central Station ; piano.—Mrs. SCRIVEN, Primrose House, 98 Bairstow at. (from Normanton). BLACKPOOL (North Shors).—Visitors will find every home comfort; well recommended.—Mra. MAULTON, 29, Banks at. (1 min. Talbot rd. Station). VPLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS with or without 1.11 board. Close to sea and Central station. Piano. —Mrs. WM. RILEY, Castle House, 7o,Hornby rd. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS at usual terms; 2 min. from see and Talbot rd. Station.—Mrs. ROBINSON," Ivy House," 61, Lord at. BLACKPOOL.—Coinfortable APARTMENTS with or without board; central to both stations and all smusementa ; piano—Mrs. B.NORTH, 8, Alfred at. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, board optional; I min. from sea; opposite Talbot rd Ration ; home comforts. Central to all amusements •-• T. WARRING, 6,Cookson St. IOpLACKPOOL.—Bed, cooking and attendance, Is. 1/ each person; three minutes Central Station and sea; boarders 255. weekly; cycle accommodation.— Mrs. ELLAM, 27, Monday rd. reLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, board 1-1 optional, 3 minutes sea and Central Station; Is. each person, cooking and attendance; bath, piano.— Mrs. JOHNSON. 111, Central Terrace, Central Delve.

BLACKPOOL.—Public and Private APARTMENTS; board optional; good beds and fires; every con- venience.—Mrs. E. CHADWICK, 29 Lonsdsle rd., off Lytham rd. near Manchester Hotel and see. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, close to Central Station. Near nll entertainments piers and sea. Piano—Mn. CHAPMAN, 63, Coronation at., (late of 17, Hall rd.)

B-- LACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; tenor moderate •, 1 min. from Talbot rd. Station,North Pier and sea.—Mina DAWSON, Warrington House, 15, Lord St., North Shore. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board, 1 min. Talbot rd., Station ; home comforts ; piano.—Mrs. J.W.HARRISOR, Prospect House, 5, George st. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS (board optional), near sea, trams, station and pier; every convenience; terms moderate.-51r5. CHAPMAN, 21, Begot nt., South Shore. LACKPOOL.—PubIic and Private APARTMENTS, 2 minutes South Shore Station and Victoria Pier; piano, bath.—Mn. THOMPSON BARBER (IMO of Latchford), 10, Bright nt. LACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, 2a.night,2 persons; board optional; piano, comfort guaranteed.— Mrs. GREGORY, 35, Crystal rd., off Promenade. LACKPOOL—Comfortable APARTMENTS with 1-JI or without board. Minute from sea and pier Near station—Mrs. Elroctins,s Miller at., off Shaw rd. South Shore. nLACKPOOL.—Coasfortable APARTMENTS close to sea and amusements. Bath, piano. in. each per day. Public and private.—Mra. COOPZR. 7, Park Avenue, Central. BLACKPOOL.—`• Home from ho an." Bed, cooking and attendance, Is. each Fere is; minute Central Station end Sea; boarders from weekly cycle ; accommodation.—Afra. I.ss, 23, Boren, rd. BLACKPOOL, s.B.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board ; terms moderate; every convenience; sea view,near promenade.-31n.WiLitiss, 2, Wellington rd. (late of Manchester. BLACEPOOL.—PubIic and private APARTMENTS with or without board, Is. each person; min. Talbot rd., Station and sea; piano.—Mrs. GARNER, 6 Lord St. N. Shore. TILACKPOOL.—PubIio and Private APARTMENTS 2 minutes from station and Victoria Pier. Terms moderate. Board optionaL—Mrs. JONES, 18, Church it. South Shore. TIOLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS (board optional), one aria. promenade; good accommodation for cyclists; piano.-31re. Corr, as, Lytham rd., 8.8. BLACKPOOL—PubIic and private APARTMENTS. Bed, cooking, In., mob person. Board from 255. er.lrs. accommodation,io.lq Lmoirrod dute cearlbotw:lenkta. tion endcrore north pi

MAST & eOUNTRY.

SOUTHPORT.—Homely APARTMENTS vacant; good cooking; moderate terms; immanent or otherwise; quiet home.—BROOM r tit up,BB Kenginetria rd SOUTH PORT.—APARTMENTS, with or without board ; 2s. per bed and attendance ; board 4s. 6c1., near station, Lord nt.; hatband Boyce, 44; King at. QOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS public and private 1,7 with or without board; one minute from I promenade and amusements ; opposite Cheshire Lines Station; bath, piano.—Miss COATES, 12, Lord at. 501.7 TRPORT.—APARTMENTS, 2 minutes from L.& Y.R. station; good rooking.—Mrs.kionsento, 29, Hawesside at.

North Wales. A NOLEbEY.—Furnished HOUSE, 8 roomed, Sep- L-B. Umber, October; golf, fishing, bathing ; low rent. WILLIAMS, Clifton House. Rhosuelgr. BERYSTWYTH.—APARTMENTS ; special terms for September; h. and ts. bath; terms moderate. Mrs. JAMES MORGAN, Silverdale, Queen's rd. A BERYSTWYTH.-APARTMENTS,healthy,situnted AM- near see, castle, prom., beach ; rooms vacant for August and September.—Hcours, Badarfor, Sea View Placa. grIOLWYN BAY.—Sopetior APARTMENIS.—Mrs. • DROWNE,"Springlield," Eget ton rd. COLWYN BAY.—Few ROOMS TO LET from September 2nd; reduced terms ; good attendees* Try u&—Mrs. Roßsnrs, Llys Blodase, Ahersele rd. LLANDLIDNO.—CRAI. NOR BOARDING•HOUSR Abbey rd.; lovely situation; every comfort; moderate terms. LLANDUDNO and North Wales Coast. —For Furnished House% also Property for Sale and to Let—Apply Rye; Auctioneer, Llandudno. VIORFA I%EVIN, APABTMEN rs, Board, without; ATX see, gulf, thhinp, trap, motor bus, September, special terma—Hconss, Newlands.

PRESTATYN, North WAlSA.—lnvigorating hilly, am bathing ; central Apartmenta—Minee Matto; 'Rosewood." Victoria avenue. PENMAENSIAWR CLIFFE MANOR BOARDING I- HOUSE, also APARTMENTS, without board; facing sea ; special low terms.—M 111 OWEN. RflYL.—Sittingrooms and 2 Bedrooms, in quiet avenue near promenade; with attendance, terms very low or would let Furnished.-5, LAKE AVENUE.

Miscellaneous. BARMOUTlL—Comfortable APARTMENTS uninterrupted sea and mount7in views ; centrale moderate terms. JONES, Eldon House, Abermaw Terrse BUNTON.—Carlisle House Private Hotel, Broad Walk, overlooking gardens, splendid views table d'hote, 7. N.T. 439.—Mrs. Cues. MARSHALL.

DYSERTH, near RbyI.—APARTMEN I'S, with or without board; good table ; lovely scenery.— ROBERTS, Fron Haul, Dysertb. LONDON.—Bed and Breakfast, 2s; close to 'bus, tube, and trains.—MEADE, 12, Trafalgar square, Fulham rd., S.W. (South Kensington Station).

LONDON VISITORS.—Cosy Bed-Sitting-room, with good breakfast, from Si. 6d. single, 6s. 6d. double —HAMILTON, 20, Bernard st.. Russell square, W.C. LONDON VISITORS.—Cos, ROOMS, with good breakfast, from Si.; single 5s ; double inclusive; Tel., "Arriving." London—Hamilton, I, HUNTER ST., Brunswick Square, Russell Square, W.C.

ANATLOClL—Comfortable APA RTMENTS, p tTai .0.1. and private; bath, piano; moderate.—Mrs Rum, Fernoliffe. Bank rd. MI LNTHORPE, near Cunt orth.—C omfor table Accommodation for Visitors; sea and country.— BROOMBY, Perk-term*. ANORECAMBE, W.E.—Mrs. Frani, Ferodine, 80, AUL Regent rd. Comfortable APARTMENTS, 2s. per bed each night; piano, bath. Special winter terms with or without board.

MATLOCK.—Comfortable APARTMENTS,I minute from station. Beds from 2s. Board optional,- BRARD, Kingsbridge Terrace. Matlock. MORECAMBE.—APARTMENTS, public or private minutea from L and N.-W. Station and see terms moderate; bathroom, &c.—lira. SANFORD. 17 Kensington rd. NI °RECANT . —Public and Private A PART- A NIENTS, every home comfort, IL each person- board if required ; I minute, promenade—Mrs. WARD Thorneville (late Green st.),36,Sea View Parade. W.K ENTN OR, Sunny, breezy," St. August' ne," superior V boarding house, sea front, excellent table.— B. N. GORDON.

Medical. DK. Faosrs Amemia Tonic Blood Forming Pale, certain cure,2/6.—H JEMINS. Beintree. Esser. TIEVON PILE OINTMENT, Herbal remedy, cure cure, Sd. free.—Penicud, Horrabridge, S. Devon

Why suffer from corns? reliable cure; send lc P.O.— COSMOS Boreso,l46.Queen's rd.,Bayswater, Leedom HEALo.—llarvellous for Piles, Skin trouble, &o; sample 3d., boxes Is.-170,SELspolv RD.. Croydon. CONSTIPATION.—Unfailing cure, physician's remedy, no medicines •, ante, enclosing le.-M, 33, St. John'. rd., Westcliff, Essex. COMPLEXION PILLS.—The latest discovery in Beauty Treatment, Is. 3d. post free.—Ngt ROPATIT, 70, Victoria et, London, S.W. XTURBE-111DW1FE.—Comfortable borne • pending .1.1 and during confinement, moderat:e. 320, HALLIWELL RD.. Bolton.

Accoucbment.—Quiet acoommodation, private house registered nurse, moderate fees. Doctor if preferred.-Confldential,l7 Carlton rd.,Kentish Town,Lon ROUND Shoulder., Weak Chest sod Lungs prevented by wearing my adjustable ' Shoulder Braces'; post free, P.O. MEDICAL,' 2 Madras, Bromley, Rent. TION'r BE BALD—lnfallible Indian recipe for 16 -115 P.O. ; absolutely harmless, cheap, prompt cure.-- ▪ TRAFFoRD, 188, Slater at.. Ottawa, Canada. RHEUNIATISM, 001)3', Lumbago, Sciatica. Lady who wee lielplem from Rheumatic Fever will give instant relief and cure without painful rubbing. Poet free, 2/6.—GO, COMSRACHRD., West Kensington. lOREE.—Du Pro's Celebrated Parisian Skin Food and a Wrinkle Remover and Complexion Powder. Every lady two make herself charming by the aid of these famous beautitlers.-7d.Du PRE CO., 168, Boast., Walthamstow WHY be Bald? Vsogima's " Hairgrower " speedily produces luxuriant hair. Most astonishing results. Trial box sd.—F. VAUGHAN, 30, Farrant Avenue, Wood Green, London N. A CCOUCIIMENT.—ComfortabIeAPARTMENTS for ▪ in-yetient ; very moderate terms. NURSE PIERCE, 15, Bundy rd., Fairfield, Liverpool. HOW Is your Bair.—'Excelia" Hair Tonic eradicates all scurf, the main cause of Baldness, is. 341. large bottle, post free.—" EXCELS..'. " PRIVATE LABORATORY 213, The Cotteridge, Birmingham.

M A Dpiikrf:lf tleStlE'S Blood end Zieft: build s. pezvii,tl system, are perfect health restorers and beet nerve tonic known, 1/IJ, 2/9 post free.--.10n5,0N, 205, Wakefield rd., Normaoton, Yorkshire. FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE been universally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy for Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Menlo. Lou of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitstion of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Bones la. lid, 2s. 9d., 411.6 d. and lie. (Simple sent free). Only address :- 309,PORTOBELLO RD.. NOTTING HILL, LONDON A RE YOU FEELING FIT ?—if tot take FREXM A ZS. PILLS, the best care for Armtek', Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Headache, Loss of Appetite, and all rose- plaints arising from a weakened and disordered system. I At all Chemists, le, per box, or post free from T. FRENCH, M.P.S., CHEMIST AND PHARMACIST (Silver Medallist in Pharmacy), 37, Washmt RD, LEYTON, LONDON, N.E.

UNOLISR SAFETY RAZOR, with 3 blades, la. 6d 124 post tress—Woes, 72 Meadow rd., Leeds. jj MR Combing Bought, 6d Oz.; poet sub per Wore —lfooas, 42, Princess st, Mostoo, Msoohester

B" Comets Direct..—Try our special, 2/3 post free —Up-to-data Drapery Ca./Um& Hempstead.Herts ItrAKE your own Hwang ; ow cloth cot ready YL for tnim—Mvzirs, 64, Rowland place, Leeds. 01.. D False Teeth Bought, full value remitted return post —Bayea, Barber rd., Sheffield. HARACTSR read from handwritten P.O. Is. stamp. —brion.ax, 177, Strand rd.. Bootle, Liverpool. fSE! Lamb's Artificial Teeth Cleaner; sd, box post free.-161, Broadhumt Barden., London, N.W. Prolltsble money-making recipes P.O. In—MELLOR fl & BIROS., Bank rd., Sthneeravele. Chesterfield. CLRARANCR.—Carbon Drawing Slate, with c-ipies, 64. Dos., Pree.—Marlo, 51, Avondale rd, Birm Instroctions for brewing beer at home sent for Is. Id.—SHARRAD, Hone Douse, Da. harsege. Cldr parcel lace oddmen, a inelodea fashionshle veil —Gilbert & Co., Goldsmith Chambers, Not! inshav,

CFILORATE Dentribee, hest for clamant your teeth: large size tobe,lod.—D. HOGGARn, Louth, Lincs. Buildir g Materiel...Largest Srcondhsnd Stock London every kind ehesp.-lircilizson.Wellast.„Conbarwele. HALL-MARKED Silver Prom:bee. any name Is., post fre..—W. R Witagna. Jeweller, Rode. I.W. Woothall Competitions; predictiona any contest U. Is. 6d. notably, stsnap•l adis.—LAmt, 5 Lucerne rd . Brizhton. 1-U-JITSU.—How to hold a man ten times yont el strength powerless. Ws quite may, Is.—C. WOODS, Demons, Marks To,. ("Mohave?. 1,000,000 GOOD Old clouted and loaded, 8s 6d 1103.—IIicuissou, Wells at.. Camberwell. IUrONRY MAKING.—Sond postcard immediately far LTR 101 l narros. of this novel scheme.—EnusT Oozes. 54. lintnher at. Ram. Holl.

1/." p.-det freed. .;.f ir?°Pl P.oN"ovl3l E1.7:1.69. AND BARGAINS, 37, Southampton Row, Wl'. 11111 lAN°. £6 13s rosewood, inlaid maroneterie psosia, in g-od condition; worth double.-1, DALLAM LANE. WRIIIIIRIOR. A RMY Bluchers, 3/6 pair, Leggings 1/11. Overcoa.a -CSAwith Cape 10/6: Potters' 13 per, Khaki Trousers 3/-, carriage paid.—Astmv Crowns° Co., Newark. VOR RAM nearly new small Anthracite Stone, with 12 Iron Piping, £2; also Nickel-plated Reading Lamp, Ss.—IFIELWALL SCHOOL, WarriattOn.

icoaLltu.';7rll-sro,ll-..yf‘o7rocrgtotlig 11°61 mason.er ORTON MANUFACTURING CO ,00.013 nit.. I.eloester. The "Ache" Corset reduces every ladies figures to 5 Inches, patented, Desorip. Booklet free.—" Acts," Boom if, Manchester House, Alderseate et, London, E.O r3/6".l,:cte fyoorurßer, iian intern;Golde YO.lO ine2l4 MONTAN RD.. Brixton, London. remarkable prizes. VlTrinkles, quickly removed by latest Parisian treat V V went. Facial beauty, youthfulness restored. Poe free, 1/8, 2/6, 41.—Douglas Hamilton, 434, Strand, Londt QPLENDID Side Line, nearly all profit. Simple Y. 3 easy, genuine. Either sex. Complete Outfit 13 stamps.—Moorhouse, 81 Pitt it., Holmes, Rotherham. Birkbeok.—Depositoresend names and stamped (3d.) addressed envelope that I may communicate with you.—H. K Hobbs, Whittine.on rd., Bowes Park, N.

Min-Plate a.— Plain or Decorated, Gold or Copper var fnished, Blackplate, Galvanized Sheet!. For lowes prices.—Gibbons & Co, Tinplate Merchants Port Talbot SECRECY or FUN.—How to make and use firs different Made of Invisible Inks, I;.—HuTroir, 2, Duke at., Pontefract, Yorks. Special Offer.—Stroogly boned Cigarette Picture Card Album; takes N cards; makes handsome preeent; to. rat fristi.-0. SMITH 77,Church rd, Manor Park, Essex. GENIJESE.—GoId Cased Gents' Double Curb Alberts ls. ; also Ladies' Curb Bracelets and Padlocks, is. —SIMMONS. 48, Argil' at.. Bedford.

_ A° Important Sint. Ladies,why throw away your hair combings ?—Post them now to William Oddy; Dept. B, Dock Mills, Shipley, Yorks. Cash 41. per oz Cosl Direct to any Station,in four to five ton wagons prices at pit per toll: best uhless,lls.; best roaster 9s. ; kitchen from 71.—HALLAM'S thericss. Leicester A N Important Hint.—Ladies, why throw away your Hair Combings, post them now LO WILLIAM ODDY, Dept. C., Dock Mills, Shipley, Yorks. Cash 4d. per oz. sent per return. SUPERR Nottingham Lace Curtains, exquisite 1 designs, white or ecni 3jyds. 5/6,2 pairs 106, 4 ' pairs 205.; carr.-paid,return if dissatistled.-13RANVILLS, 57, Elmore st...,lslington, N. "%JOUR FORTUNE IS IN YOUR NAME.—Send 1/1 P.O. for Mystery of Numbers,' and you will receive, free, Delineation of Your Future.—' STAR ' PUBLISMING CO., 110 Strand.

AIELECTRIC POCKET L kNIP (Improved).— • Metal Filament, 1, 91 ; Vacuum Flash, 1 pint Is 9d post free, to advertise ; Agents Wanted.— SCIENTIffio Co, 70, Newington Causeway, London. 4 PROFITABLE Season in Private Greeting Cards -CV is guaranteed with a " Marlborough " Sample Book ; you will secure orders where other. fail.—Apply for book to WILKIKSON, 21, Bank at, Accrington. WEDDING PRESENTS or Sport Prizes.—Nothuog V more useful than Set of Carvers, xylonite handles, ;tall-marked, silver ferrules, in velvet-lined ewe; price ,75., post free ; honestly worth 12a. 6d.—HoLugg, New (mnnti, Handsworth, Flirmingbam. I)IG-DAG Stockings for Rough Lads, reduce your mending, will re-foot ; for 5 years old Is. 7 years is Id, 9 years Is 30, 11 years Is sd, 14 years ls 61,d ; Ladies, Is 4 and Is 71d, all carr.-pd ; try sample pair.— HOWSON, Webster's Buildings, Padiham, Lancashire. 2/I 11 Post Free, MIDLAND SUPPLY 70.,63, Norfolk at., Sheffield, Lady's black indoor SHOES with indiarubber heels, leather soles, usual price 4s 6d ; money returned if not satisfied ; Is 6d post free, set of Sheffield Carvers, silver mounted, usual price lOs 6d.

irIOININU Money' will show all adutls how toadd V-, rapidly and materially to their incomes, without speculation, trickery, or interference with their own business or profession; no goods to buy or sell.-Booklet free by return on receipt postcard with lull name& address clearly written,L.EssagE,l9-23, Oxford it., London, W CURTAINS. Curtaina—Direct from Factory to House- holder. Scotch Lace Curtains, White or Ecru, beautiful designs, value unequalled, 35ds. long, 18ins. wide, 2s. I Id. pair; 3yds long, 52ina wide, 3s. 3d. pair; 3L,yds. long 56ins. wide 4s. IL pair. One trial, repeat orders sure to follow. Sent by retursacarriage paid. Cash with order.—WM. DOTCHIN, Wholesale Warehouseman 14, County Chambers, Westgate rd., Newcastle-on-Ty, 17ERY Fine Cornish Coast Scenes in water colours V for Sala—Lady, having no space to hang, will accept any reasonable offer in cash ; by W Cook " Wreck off Coast," 'The Lizard," " Borcastle Harbor," " Land's End," size 30 x 18 inches, also 2 by Widgery, of Dartmoor, with Cattle, 28 x 18, all gilt-mounted and framed ; can be seen by appointment any time.-Address PAGE, Mill View, Dyke Rd. Avenue, Brighton, Sussex. SPINAL Carriage for Sale, very little used by lady now able to walk; requiring room ,• will eccept 16 ga, cost over .690 a few years ago ; Carter's best make, length Oft. gin., C springs, rubber tyres, lock wheels, leather hood and apron, lined blue cloth, let down front to slide stretcher in on tramway : could have shaft put for pony ; mostcomfortable and easy to pull ; can be seen any time by appointmena—Pec Mill View, Dyke Rd. Avenue, Brighton, Sussex. J)IRECT from Loom to Wearea—Splendid Sni Lengths, 9s. to 26a. ; also Overcoatings ; latest novelties; patterns free ' • carriage paid.—Wasr RIDING MANCFACTURING CO., dolcar. Huddersfield. - DIAN() for Sale ; upholstered in walnut: iron frames fifty ivory keys • latest improvements geld medals London and Berlin ; cost 52 guineas ; take £2O cash! • barraio.-12, GLAZEBFLOOK Sr., Manchester rd., Warrington.

- Shops, Houses, Land on sale rim BE SOl.D.—Nice House in Arp!ey at.; sway terms.—Apply Box 2311, " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

ANITOBA, Camda.—Capital Farm with stock and sill standing crop, £1,5.50. Several other farms and bosinesses.--CORBITT & BOW•RDS, Aghtead,Surrey. VOR SALE by Private Treatv.—A FREEHOLD L FARM known as Fir Tree House, of 17 acres, 2 roods, 36 poles, Cheshire measure. iecluding well-built house and out-buildings situated at Crank, near St. Helene. with mineral rights, &0., situated in the coal ans.—Farther particulars on app ication to WILLIAM ASHTON, 55, Nicholson at. Warrington.

WIDNES. 117., RIK E2O, E2O, 1250, ElOO. ii_DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADE& MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all RespectableHousebolders, on their own security, with- gut delay, on our simple written promise to pay book FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. 12. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. JOHN R. GOODWI.H. MANAGER. £5 OIOTHfIe,OTERTISLf for Na T DAILY greed ye . £5 loan, Repay £5 10e. £25 lose, Repay £27 10a. £lO „ „ Ell £3O „ „ £33 El 5 „ „ £lOlO.. I £5O „ „ £55 £2O „ „ £22 £lOO „ „ £llO No enrollee, no delay, no publicity. Special attention applicants from this district. CHARLES PAIKIN, 219, BRUNSWICK ST.,OXFORD RD., MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON ST.. (over Bradley's Clothing Shop) NORTH WICH. HERE'S A CHANCE FOR YOU. NO MATTER WHO OR WHAT YOU ARE a, long as I consider you satisfactory I WILL TRUST YOU WITH A LOAN FROM £5 to £5OO. No matter what other lenders charge or advertise, get my terms and you will find them still lower. Learn my modern way of lending money without publicity. Easy weekly or monthly payments to suit your convenience Apply at once to the Actual Lender MARK RUBIN, 3, ARPLEY STREET, (off Sankey Street) Warrington. Miss WOODWARD. MIIORROYDOIL BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LENT FROM £IO TO £l,OOO. A Gentleman having a considerable amount of spare Capital is prepared to make Immediate Advances to Ladies, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Fertnere, Shopkeepers, and any Respectable Householders at a moderate rate of interest on Note of Iland alone. &nine. can be completed entirely by post if desired. GENUINE TRADE BILLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGHT- FORWARD DEALING AND STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, stating full particulars and requirements to .1. GRIFFIN,Mioories Chambers,Minories,Birmingbam. NB.—Don't pay Fees or Travelling Expenses, and don't give • Bill of Sale before applying to me. £3 TO £l,OOO. lIIHIS IS THE ONLY OFFICE WHERE PRIVATE LOINS ARE GRANTED to all persons worthy of credit without publicity or Money-Lenders' routine. If you require a PRIVATE LOAN, and honourably Intend to repay, then waste no time on tempting adverts. It is admitted by hundreds of clients that our business is conducted in a straightforward manner. Repayments can be arranged as follows, or as mutually agreed upon. £5 loan 116 weekly I £56 loan 10:- weekly £lO „ 3/- weekly I £lOO „ 181- weekly £25 „ 6/- weekly I £2OO „ 351- weekly Interest from Is. in the Z. No connection with any other office. M. SEFTON, LTD., MISS COTTERILL, MANAGERESS, " 31, CAIRO STREET. WARRINGTON.

_ Agriculture. PURR LOAM, Kettering old flhry, for Carnations Mums, Au.; 21s. ton ; truck loads delivered Cheshire and S. Lancs.—J. Dos, Perk row, Nottingham

Cycles, Motor Cars, etc, STRONG, r enable 9 13. p. Darning ; seat 4 ; tyre nearly new ; trial ; .C6s.—Lees, Brost:leak Hurst Ashton-under-Lyne.

Horses. Carriages, Live Stook QHARP COB, with Cart end Harness; lot £6; neat 1,7 Lurry ; will lewd.-45, TRAVIS sr., London rd., Mencluater. QMALL FLOAT, equal to new, steal half covered.-8, CLEVILAND RD., diem ALLI CAR, perfect condition, steel tyres, 13 AS) 14 hands.—S, CLEVELAND SD, Higher Crumpeall

BOILERS 50,and MACHINERY, good secmd-baud JOHN STRINGER AND SON (Dept. 41) Blackburn NON-CONDUCTING COMPOSITION MANUFACTURERS for the Prevention of Radiation of Heat from Steam Boilers, Piping, Hot Water Circulating Boilers and Pipes, and all Heated Surfaces. We quote for Covering the above with Magaeuia,Silicte Cotton,Hair Fe lt,and ourCo m posit i on Composition, Supplied in Casks Ready for Application EMERY AND EVANS, Catherine at., Strangeways, Manchester. PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. awn 6D. COLONIAL FOREIGN PATENT LAW.

Shoes, Businesses, etc. AI,JI PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO SELL are advised to Consult Mr. COWDELL, Legh at., Warrington.

HAIRDRESSER'S Business for Sale; illness cause; no reasonable offer refused.-397, ECCI.66 New rd., Weaste, Manchester. ITAIRDRESSING. TOBACCO, Am, doing good 11 trade ; well fitted ; best offer accepted.-65, REDDISH LAst, Gorton, Manchester. "IRON-CABLE CONFECTIONERY and MIXED BUSINESS for sale, cheep; books shown.— Appley 13, HIGHER LANK, Whitefield. AGINBR 11114 ,CABINET MAKER'S BUSINESS; It/ owner retiring; fortune for smart man ; A. GARNER, 14, St. Peter's Square, Stockport. 1110 BE DISPOSED OF, old-established Mixed BUSINESS, with retail coal Midas'. attached; Bills to prove.-Apply 33, WALTHRW LANE, Platt Bridge. - I GENUINE MILK BUSINESS, doing 20 doz. daily; smart horse and lost ; good district ; .E 230 ; part of the purchase money can remain to sound buyer.—A. GARNER, 14, St. Peter's square, Stockport. UMPIRE TEA COMPANY, 164 a, BOLTON ST., Bury 124 Established in Bury 25 yesrs, BUSINESS for Sale; ill-health and old age cause. Large premises, attic, 2 bedrooms, 3 stockroom., 2 cellar., shop,kitchen, scullery, covered yard. Suit wholesale. Rent EA. Ureebold.-Windsor and Toy Chair Manufactory for 14 sale as a going cenoern in a well-wooded district; carried on for 50 years ty late W.D.Hoggard; good sound investment for active man; all in inclusive price of about £450.--Apply Hocozno, Saw Milla,Loutb.l.incs.

To be Let. LI OUSE TO LET, 25, Wa'Wield rd., Stockton Heath. Four bedrooras, bathroom, k.; garden back and front; rent JE26.—F. GANDY, At above address.

LOUSE TO LET.—" Winona," Whitefield rd.—A ' liforsnal.n," lipstortki," Whitelleld rd., Stockton Heath. GARDEN SUBURB, SANKEY, to Ist, ELM DEN E. a charming and commodious residence.—Apply next door. LICRNISHED HOUSE for one, two or these months .I.` Latchford Without, 5 minutes station dining and drawing rooms, 3 bedrooms, bath. ; south gardeod terms moderate.—Apply Z., " Eraminer " Office %snipn. BROOKSIDE COTTAGE, Penketb, semi-detached rent El fla 6d. month clear. 17, PINNERS BROW, Lock-up Shop; snit Butcher, rent to. 6d. per week clear. 33, PI NNERS BROW, good Shop, 7s. per week clear. 36, GENERAL STREET, rent 4,. 3d. per week. 10, WELLINGTON STREET, rent 54. per week. 2 and 4, SCHOOL BROW, Shop and House, rent to. El per week clear. HALL NOOK LANE, Pooketh, good semi-detached, Residence ; large garden ; sunny situation ; reduced rent- MARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Double Gahm, most central position in town; good light; 43, NEW-ROAD, Rent 4s. 9d. per week. OFF SANKEY STREET, Warrington, 2 Storey Ware. house with cart maniacs, rent £l6. 62, DALLAM LANE, rent 4s. IS, PIERPOINT STREET, rent 4s per week. applißon's? Lows, Estate Agent, No.l Bank Street arrington Telephone—No 55

Et=l Mt • fi • • Our Dinner Cruets _ form very attractive wedding _ • • presents and with the specially • fitted shields—for engraving name or monogram they form a really lasting meme,nto. i We can show you a fine i selection at all prices from Li 7 6 to 50 . MILLER& Co. io SANKEY ST., Warrington. 12:11) I ll=2lll tCg STEPHEN MOSS & SONS Lamm SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS,ff OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FINE AND REPAIRED, ALL HINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &c. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET. WARRINGTON ITENRY WAINWRIGHT, 7, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL. Large up-to-date Stock of JEWELtERY, SILVER and -ELECTRO-PLATE suitable for WEDDING PRESENTS. ENGAGEMENT RINGS A SPECIALITY. REGISTERED 22cT. GOLD WEDDING RINGS' ESTABLISHED 1798. GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS kn., 100., AND IS. BD. EACH. WHOLESALE BY 1. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON FREE. FREE. TO ALL USERS OF A GENUINE EDISON PHONOGRAPH A Most Useful Article will be sent post free on receipt of • id. postcard, giving type of Machine—Gem, Standard, or Home—and Special Number of Machine, to Cl TAKE RARAM, 78-78 a, RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL. B CUNNINGHAM, 29, FROGHAIL LANE, WARRINGTON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOWLER OP Guinness's Stout, Bass's Pale Ale, dames No. I Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's A 1... Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER Been IN BOTTLE. ALSO MANUFACTURERS Or HI 3H-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. Telephone 79.

OSTRICH FEATHERS, FROM Is. 11D. 00,000 OSTRICH FEATHERS, any colour. Tip. t/ Is. Ild. ; Plumes )8 Inches, 2s. lid. ; Lancers Iron I2s. 9d. to £5 5u.; Boas from Ss. Ild. Post fres. Money returned if not satisfied. SOUTH AFRICAN PRODUCE CO., LTD, DS, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W.

SCOTT'S STANLEY PALLID!, 1 4/11 . Blanket Cloths and Reversible Tweeds, IS .• . _ right in Shape, Style, Pc , o; and Value. , ~ 0 It Looks Well, Fits Well, -4, il Wears Well. Always bear in 1 I • , : t mind you save 3/6 in the pound by buying front SCOTT'S Costume House, 8 HORSEMARKET ST., Part of the premises lately occupied by the Manchester Clothing Depot. WARRINGTON. •

lb, 18 & 20, Sankey Street, Warrington. J. & W. DUTTON have pleasure in informing you that their arrangements are now complete for the coming Season, and announce that for Four Days, commencing Tuesday, September 19th, their Showrooms will be given up to a Special Display of Autumn Fashions. MILLINERY MANTLES TAILORRBUILT eOSTUMES DAY GOWNS DRESS MATERIALS BLOUSES, &C. They hope to have the honour of showing you the chief characteristics of the leading London and Paris Modes.

Go GO SAM N. GREEN THE SPOT SHOP, T (FISH MARKET., FOR EVERYTHING.

Furniture Carpets Decorations Garnetts Established Manufacturers when George IV. was King WARRINGTON and LIVERPOOL (122 Bold Street).

HIGH-CLASS TAILORING AT POPULAR PRICES. TWO VERY SPECIAL LINES IN " NEWEST SUITINGS. 42/- AND 50/- SEE WINDOWS. H. S. PAGE AND CO., T 4, SANKEY ST., (Lauf Sr. CORNER), WARRI OTON

WRINGING AND MANGLING MACHINES. - • Reliable, Durable, & fully guaranteed. J. S. GARLAND, CASH PRICE 51 53 &55 BRIDGE St., Warrington. 39 6

DANTISZ VIRUS l• oak • ra.a...et DZSTILOYS RATS & MICE •••••• Baia" oremar•••• veleer • ea. Meek Take Ike Ter. Sae, Me I P. PTO b•o DANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., Box ils I•attaelt. nem, Lat LU. ae• et •11 01•4•1•1•.

Do your Eyes Trouble You?

(I Vt •AP , / Do things ever seem to grow misty and blurred? This is a warning of Eyestrain— sod you should have your eyes meted. Neglect can only add to the trouble. By our scientific tests we could tell if you need Glasses, and in that case supply those which would (we the greatest Posaible benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER 6 SONS EC/might Specialists. Low Llv TRe -r ER ErooL

Giarkels Blood • Mixture For emanating the blood a a ftmaa- ti..• Trove whatever mum aroing. theta it ITO other medicine lost al root soenmare* • Bona INltairroa—thaes why in No many eases of Enema. Had ter.. Antt-reeet, Tbio sone Of ell WM., Piles, Glandular Swellings, Blond Bohm, Rheninatimia, Gout, In . It ham effected Indy ritnarliable ones where all other brad- IssitlO ins faded. It will de the ere lee yes. OURES ALL SKIN & BLOOD DISEASES Of an Of verities sad MM. 01 pre Malts

/I E,W-St

EVERY HOUSEHOLD constantly requires a little inexpensive, safe, efficacious medicine for use by one member or another of the family. Men and women, boys and girls, even of the healthiest, occasionally need a reliable preparation to relieve and correct liver, stomach, and bowel disorders, or any of the numerdilis ailments arising from a deranged condition of some portion of the complex system of digestion. There is no better and more convenient remedy than Beecham's Pills which are carefully compounded from pure and skil- fully selected ingredients of vegetable origin and are suitable for young and old of either sex. Everyone NEDS i Medicine in some form r other fro ig time to time. It Is not surprising that it should be so. Other the cause of the trouble be due to unsuit- able diet or a run-down ilif 'enfeebled state of the digestive organs, a few doses of Beecham's Pills will soon restore healthy conditions p as they thoroughly eliminate unhealthy accumulations, gently stir the sluggish organs•to normal activity, increase appetite, improve digestion and thereby exert a bracing effect upon the whole body. A trial is all that is necessary to convince anyone of the sterling value of BLEcHAm,s PILLS _ Sold everywhere in boxes, price I 11(56 pills) & 2 0(168 pil(s),

- ' MERRYWEATHERS' HAND FIRE PUMP It. .. Simplest, Be,!, and Most Reliable _ ....., FIRE EXTINGUISHER. I. Nothing to get out or order. , , . 2. Nothing to corrode. f ...,_-miEmig__ 3. Nothing to explode. p 2540 old of the 4199 . : it? • , London Fires were extin- guished io one year by these ersousies. rumps. -- CAffisg: . wear or r------. 63, LONG ACRE, W.C, .`- LONDON. If You Value Your Complexion You Should Use /46LHAM.S la This Dainty Toilet Preparaten protects the skin against the effect. of Sun, Wind. sod Hard Water, and prevents Roushn•ss, Bcdress. Irritation. Tan, etc. Will keep Your skin in a perfect condition all the year round. Ren.'ers the Skin Soft and Wkite. and adds a dm., of youth to the c•mol•sion. Of all Chemists arid Stores M. BEETHAM & SON. CBELTENRAM. FITS • CURED AT HOME. Dreadful ca n, havelven cured 'by rho "VAIRSO TREATNILNT." No case is too bad to yield to this vocable cure; the his generally cease Boni the first. No Bromide of Potassium used. Sufferer, should apply for full particular, to 1 AS. 0. MILLS. M.P.S.Chemist.PI.ATT 81,11g.:1-... WIGAN. Sample sent for 3 stamps.

Furnishing Problem —Solved.—

HOW can I increase thz. pur- chasing power of every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture? The solution of that problem will be Found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic, sturdily-built furniture, our perfect manufacturing and se ling organisation enables us to quote prices that are much below those charged elsewhere for the same articles. No matter whether you

Furnish for Cash miorws Convenient Paument Sustem

your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth noting. W• allow 2t. la the salmcount for Caws, Payments cars he arranged Lntizt CY, Loliztr, convenience• N. objmtionahle OCTOMPtIit.II to sign. Every Article manufmturad ander our own direct control and supervision. We pay carriage 50 .1! part.. Goods deli d in Private Vans. Lamy Furnishing Rimalsite sapplind. Good Valu• and satisfied C. 101.111 acc,unt foe the phenomenal growth of our business. Guarantee. „:14„71h„Z."tif"11,14 article that does not give Absolute satisfaction. NV Write or call for Catalogue. 11
