===== 0002601_19110218_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W. P. Hartley's Seville Orange

Marmalade —is absolutely Pure.—

New Season's now ready.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY Mu. • Moroiras 1030. Eveniog 6.0. MR. J. TINKER (11aocheetor Baptist College). OFFERTORIES.

W YCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL 1111:11CH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 1996, 1911. MORNINO 10.30. KVP.NING 6.30. REV. J. YONG& P.S.A. FOR MEN AT 3 P.M.

BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET, TO-MORROW (SUNI)AYI, FEI3RUARY 19TH.

Vorning 10 45.: MR. WM'. -DREWETT. E g 6.30. : MR. JAMES BALL. BIBLE CLASS, 3 o'cLocir. All welcome. Seel, free. Hymn Books provided. ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 1300, 1611. PNE iCHER : REV. WM. REID. 10.4-. : " Tbe Parable of the Vacuum." 6.30 p.m. : " Storms on en inland Sea." BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 130/1. Morning 10.30. Evening 6.30. MR. J. A. BALL. AU welcome. Hymn Books provided.

IHRIBTI AN SCIENCE SERVICES 1,1 Held at 7 EGYPT-STREET—FREE TO ALL St.NDAY EVZNINGS AT 640. WZDNIISDAY EVININOS AT 710. Subject for SUNDAY, FEB. 19TH, *Mind." Last Wednesday in each mouth, Testimony blestion. READING ROOM open Mondays, 7 to 9 p.m.; Wednesdays, 8 to 5 p.m.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY MIL Morales 10.30. MR. A. E. LAWRENCS (Wallasey.) !Looming 6.30. MR. R. BREEN (Liverpool). Collections for Wesleyan Metbodiet Local Preacher,

Maltaa(Aid Association.

T. PAUL'S CHURCH, WARRINGTON. I, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), if ISTu, 1010.

SPECIAL SERVICES.

3 P.M. FOR MEMBERS OF BIBLE CLASS AND CHURCH OF ENGLAND MEN'S SOCIETY. SUBJECT: • The Marriage Law." 6.3OIXENSONG AND SERMON BY THE REV. Fe E. DYMOTT, DI.A..

VICAR 'OardT7IIRIDTIIIS -61-JR-C-H:. *AV RRTREIL

ROYAL COURT THEATRE. Pioiu:rl: MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM.

, .. OLNERAL MANAORR : MR. A. M. LOADER. AcriNG MANAORR : MR. D. WARBITWION.

lIIOi7DAY, FEB. 20TH, & Fivs FOLLOWINU N lOM'S THE WORLD, THE FLESH AND THE DEVIL. Thus and Prima as wmal. NIXT WIEK Tee Arcadiluw."

SHAKESPEARE THEATRE, LIVERPOOL THE HOME OF PANTOMIME.

-DEC. 28TH (BOXING DAY). AT 1.90 AND 7.15 P.M

AND UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE,

THE OWLI3-f1:1-STo.;11ea, 4: JILL" The Exceptional Cast Includes :—Mlea WilaY WOOD MIL JOHN HUMPHRIES, ME..WILEIE.BARD

lIIATINLKS at 2 pan.—best week,Tutedsy, Wednesday, Thoreoay baturday, &•f ter every 11eduesday baturoa). Box Office now open from io to 4. - ---•---

WARRINGTON PHILORATHIC SOCIETY. PuE,IDENT: HEDLEY H. TAYLOR, ESQ., L.D.S. • MR. ALFRED TENNYSON DICKENS, (ELDEST SURVIVING SON OFTHE LATE CHARLES DICKENS) V% ILL DELIVER HIM OILEERATED LECTURE ON " MY FATHER'S LIFE AND WORKS" IN THE

PARR HALL os TUESDAY 2fror FEBRUARY II r.st. CHAIRMAN : REV. CANON MORLEY STEVENSON., ADMISSION : Front Seats (reserved) 2a. 6d. ; Centre Gallery (reserved) 25.; second bests (reserved) Is. 6d.; Bid. oalleries 001 Promenade (reeerved) in. ; beck Gallery nod Body of Hall lid. Plan opened to-day, et MR. R. H. PEARSONS, Bruise st. Tel. SO.. SYDNEY C. BURGESS, hon. sec .

W ElAL.Snate. 11.:cTtuEroR Aatßj fi .810 d CS' It ET‘ye —English cir!! Monday at 7.3o,••Tuur tbrounla Nrartb Wale, LuOu yearn go," by Roy. U. W. Morgen,B.A.,Ltvorpool. Admnrion InonHearttlritation sli.l.tairman,Mr.John Griffith• ARMY.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
SALVATION_

MHE ANNUAL SELF-DENIAL APPEAL The Officers and Soldiers of Warrington Corp will be Calling on the Donors and Friends in connec- tion with this fund in a few days.

WA/IRINOTON MUNICIPAL MUSEUM.—There • la • vacancy for a Young WOMAN, not landau. 18 ; well educated and a good writer, as Motown ; wages lux, rising to l'ha a asak.—Apply by letter not later than March 4th, to the undarsigneo, stating qualifications and previous etnploytuent, and encloaiug copies loaf)) of regent tntimoolule,CllAllLE, MA DEL E V, Director.

WARRINGTON CHILDREN'S SUMMER CARP. THE ANNUAL /JESTING of subscribersand friends will be held at the OnD ACADEMY on bloods,' 27th Instant at 8 o'clock in the towinieg. All ayinpeudsers ere cordially invited. W. H JFeNKINS,Hon.I3cci Warrinton, lath Feb.l9ll. A MEETING WILL BE HELD IN THE .21.. WORKINGMEN S SINSION, BANK QUAY. ON WEDNESDAY EVENING NEXT. Chalr to he taken by THOMAS DALE at 730. Under the auspices of The British Worneia's Tempersnce Asevciatioe. The Chief Speaker will Intim REV. A. ALMITCHELL, Hector of Burtunwood. Men as well ea women are invited to etteed.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
OPERATIC NIGHT.

BOLD ST. POPULAR CONCERT TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY, AT 730.

THE ARTISTES INCLUDE : Mrs. A. 1100111, Miss EMILY TAYLOR,

Miu CAkIRIE IiABLINGd, Mule KTHILL IAYLOR, M. J. ISRAPKR. Mr. A. FtIiLDHOUSE, who will render special quartettes from standard opera.

Admiuien : ONE PENNY. REV. WALTER SEED WILL PRESIDE.

WARRINGTON CRIPPLES' GUILD ANNUAL

TEA AND ENTERTAINMENT, THURSDAY, FItBRUARY 2300. 1/4 BOLD STREET WESLEYAN SCHOOLROOM, Tee et s.3o.—Parents sad Friends admitted to Gallery at 2d. each. Gift. of Food, Toys, Clothing, or Money gratefully received by Mr. W. Twin, 106, Wilderspool Causeway ; Mr. J. Hamblett, Bold Street Chapel, or the Secretary, Mr.. .1. T. Patti.... 136. %1id0...p00l CB6ll•WaTe

ARMY CONTRACT—SeaIed Tenders for the 1-1 supply of Coal, Coke, Kindling Wood and Oils for the period of twelve months from iet April, 1911,at the various stations in the Western Commend will be received at the undermentioned °nice, until 12 o'clock noon, on Wedneedsy, the 220 l February, 1911, for Coke on Friday, the 24th February, 1911, for Wood end Oil., sod on Siondey 27th February, 1911 for Coal. Forms of Tender, with list of stations and epprosi- mete quantities, ran be obtained on application to the District Barrack Oflioer, Watergate House, Chester. .

fiend Qlll.rtar °Moe, Cheater.

--• February. 1911.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— TO DRAINERS Tba CamelsTy Committee of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington ie prepared to receive TENDERS forth. DRAINING OF A PORT 10N OF THE CEMETERY. Drawings, •peciacations, Icc., may be seen, and forms of tender, end all further information obtained at the office of the Borough S eeee yor, Town Hall,on and after Tomalley next, the 21. t lest., at which place tenders must be delivered on or before 10 o'clock a.m., on Moods!, the 11th day of March. The lowest or any tender not necesurily accepted. THOS. LONGDIN. Borough Engineer sad Surveyor. Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Ordce, 17th February, 1911.

WARR'NOTON GARDEN SUBURBS. LTD Splendid Building Sites at Grappenhall and Great Sankey. Moderate Ground Renta.—Apply to the SECRETARY, A lITH CR BICCSEIT, Can, tared , Aoconstant, Mutat oast@ Charahom,Warringithn•

grim CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is prepared to receive loans, either at six months notice or for a term of yearn—Application to be made to tbe BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

IfA IRCOMBINUS I made up 2/. won COVERLETIE I TAILS OF 1 mold HAIR FRAMES, I PURE 5/6 FROM 3(6 BACH. I HAIR. T. B. BROWN, 3, LEECE ST. (CAR STATION), ..........--..

===== 0002601_19110218_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ibit

N 0.1570 ONE PENNY

RICHARD 'JEFFREYS, 89, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Largeessortment of Framed Pictures suitable for Meddles end Birthdey Presents, School Prime, An. Terms =derma, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OP PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSSETTI. end BURNE4ONES, AUTOTYPE amoDucTiozre OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ORAVINGS.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
'LIVERPOOL:

TEsTs' SALE or HIRE, Cart Sheets, Horse- cloths, Cart Ropes, Twioe. rrofing felt Ac. Repairs sod Re•drenink—ALEX McCONNELL. 96, BUTTERMARKET-STREET (Opposite old WARRINGTON.

MISS NELLIE ANDEItTON, Teacher- of Singing, visite Warrington weekly and ban KenaiOa for a few popila.—For terms, apply 32, OAK Rip. Wlthingtoa, Manchester.

y K. WILLIAM COOKE, F.R.C.0., PROFESSOR .01 OF MUSIC, ORGANIST, LYMM PARISH Lesson.

cacH.

in Pianoforte,

Organ, and

Theory at papile reddesce, ed at 1.21, &CIRCE! ST., RUNCORN, and BROOKFIELD VILLAS, LY)I.M. Pupil. successfnily prepared to all bona fide examinations in mimic. LTD

JOSEPH CROSFIELD Per Cent '' A'

& SONS, Debenture Stock.

Transfer Rooks of this company relative to this Issue, will be CLOSED from the 15th to the 29th Febriory hat. (both days inclusive) for the purpose of preparing and Miming interest Warrants doe Nlarch let. (Signed) J. R. WARDLE, Secretary. Warrington, February 14th, 1911. EDUCATION Acr, 1902. 81E(TION 8 In.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARROTON LOCAL EDUCATION AUTHORITY.

-- NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN in accordance with the provisions of Section 8 (1) of the Education Act, 1902, that the County Borough Council of Warrington, heirs the Local Education Authority for the purposes of Part 111. of that Act, propose to provide a new Public Elementary School for about 420 Boys and 420 Infants at or near

PARR STREET, in the Borough of Warrington. The School will be available for the following ore.:— An area comprising the HOWLEY WARD. The Managers of any existing school or any Ten Ratepayers in the area fur which It is proposed to provide the school, may Appeal against this proposal by n letter ac,dre.sed to the Secretary, Board of Education. Whitehall, London, S.W., which should reach trim within three months from the onto of this notice.

(Signed) J. LVOI,I WHITTLE, TORO Clerk and Clerk to the Local Education Authority. Dated 18th February, 1911.

.A SUER REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL. 99.

BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR,

DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON.

In Red or thl.gl.od IN al. Pm., Quotad for Fixing. Illostratad Leaflet on Application.

iiRNOLD & T EWIS. Ws Simmons _LA

GOLDSMITHS. SILVI7.HICIITHS, JEWELLERS AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS._

The Neweet and Mint Elegant Design. in GOLD end OEM JEWELLERY, GOLD, SILVER & OXYLHSED and BRACELET WATCHES of the moot reliable finish. gizeLairgl3lselotl:ll. g p.Clo.cks, Eleo bc . tro-Plate. 11, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, II'AI:ICHESTER. Est. 1830 STEPHEN Os& & SONS LIMITED

===== 0002601_19110218_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS,

ALL RINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS,A OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXE AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OP WHEELS

HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, IC.

WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS So., 10D., AND 81. BD. EACH. WROLIMALN BY

J. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON.

_ WAINWIGHT'S REGISTERED 22. GOLD WEDDING RINGS.

CHEAPEST AND BEST. ENGAGEMENT RINGS A SPECIALITY 7, PARKER SI "orner of Church sr..), LII ERPOOL. 'Elise Cutts post free. Established over a Century

FREE. FREE. FREE. TO ALL USERS OF A GENUINE EDISON PHONOGRAPH

A Most Useful Article will be Bent post free on receipt of • id. po•tcard, giving type of Blachine—Gem, Standard, or Home—and Special Number of 31aohine, to JAKE GRAHAM, 711-76•, RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL B. lINNINGHAM, 20. FROOHALL LANE, WARRINGTON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTILER OP Guinness's Stout, Beau's Pale Ale, 13m'. No. 1 Strong Al.. Worthingtoo's•nd Allsopp's Ales. Devon•bire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's sod Mack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jelr.ey'e LAMM BIRR 10 BOTTLE.

ALSO NiZtiI:FACTURIRS OF RI3H-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. Telephone 79.

ACCIDZNTS OF ALL KINDS

SICKNES.3,--EDIWOVIIR THIRD PARTY, MOTOR CAR, LIFT, BURGLARY, GLASS AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE

- --- RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO.

THE SHARKS OF STARCH ARE TESTED IN THE NORTH BRITISH & MERCANTILE INSURANCE Co. CLAIMS PAID over .6,6000,000 64, CORNHILL, LONDON._

----IrC;i7L;7.-Altiiitiß WORLEY. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 18, BROWN SREET.

AGEN iS

Warriustou ii?. C. Queen's Chambers. Mr. W. H. RIGI3Y, Nemel i eNictoria-rd., Latchford.

St. Melees M. J. B. LEACH, Hardshew-etreet.l Heydoek M. J. BILLINGE, The Wallows,, Sandbeeh Mr. 1. J. MUM, Rookery Bridge.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
xamturt

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1911.

55, .cßos. STAFFORD, LTD.,a.cH

I WILL TRUST YOU WITH A LOAN FROM __ E 5 to £5OO.

MARK RUBIN,

3, ARPLEY STREET, (off Sankey Street) Warrington.

MIN WOODWARD, M 60140,1••••

£5 TO £5OO ADVANCE!) DAILY

6. WHITE Writ lei; WIRREIGTON. Privata Home.oear Baulk Quay Station.

DR J. COLLIS BROWNE'S

CHLORODYNE.

The old sad tiled remedy that el the test of two gesenalons.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S

C HLORO DYN E.

Involoablir for

COUGHS, C OLDS, BRONCHITIS,

ASTHMA, NEUR I

REFUSE to be put SUBSTITUTE. The o be bed of ALL CHEMI: shoe you are sot weak . .

a pi' en imitation. BROWNE IS THE NAA

2. ed, 4.. 6d. the pn

DR. J. COWS BROWNE'S C HLORODYNE.

0 Lit AIM IS TO ASSIST THE PEOPLE. CASH Advanced front LIO to E 3,000 without security I or budlicity. Our interest is at least half that of login odicu or loan companies, they certainly cannot compete witb M. Existing loans paid off, cud additional cash advanced. Short period loans Is. 3d. in the E. &mimes done through post if desired. Letters "mirrored (Actual Lenders).

HERE'S A CHANCE FOR YOU. NO MATTER WHO OR WHAT YOU ARE.. long as I consider you Bothafoctory

No matter what other lender. charge or advertise, get my terms and yott will tled them atilt lower. Learn my modern way of lending money without publicity. Emy weekly or monthly payments to suit your convenience Apply at once to the Actual Lender

LOWEST INTERAT IN ENGLAND. GOOD NEWS FOR WARRINGTON A DISTRICT. No Fees. no F Mee. and no Bondsmen Required.

IES Loan From 1/6 weekly I E3O Loan From 8/- weekly IEIO „ „ 2/1 , 1 £5O „ „ 10/- f 1,3 : I flt. ?1(.6

No connection with any other Loan Office. We can pay your Debts, Loans, or Bills of Sale, off for ymi; also assist you to go into business.

I Is. 7id .per Qua•ter 6a. 6d. per Annum Is. ed.porQuartdr erealt.. •

The Co-dermeot-ioned Terms are for Short Dates. £lO, Repay £lO 10s. I ElOO, Repay £lO5 £2O„ £2l j £5O ~/52 10a. Apply in confidence pemonally, or by letter— F. S roNE,

===== 0002601_19110218_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
SWEET PEAS.

New Descriptive Catalogne FREE ON APPIMATION, containing over 100 di/diner and BEAUTIFUL VARIETIES iecluding all tbe lateet Novelties, end those of raceme let.odotio,reeoreP. mended by the N.S.P.S. Sweet Pea Planta in potoeesdy tor Plenting out n speclolit3. Orders nor being booked. Hardy, well rooted sod true to mine:

WM. FELLS & SOS, SWEET PEA SPECIALISTS. LETCHWORTH (Garden City), Hens.

PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. ON WEDNESDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 22ND

AND THREE FOLIXAVING NIGHTS. THE CROSFIELD AMATEI.U. OPERATIC SOCIETY

WILL GIVE FOUR GRAND STAGE PERIVAIANCES OF ROBERT PLANQUETTE'S POPULAR COMIC OPERA

LES CLOCHES DE CORNEVILLE IN AID OF THE INFIRMARY AND THE DISTRICT NURSING ASSOCIATION

CURTAIN RILES 7.30. PRICES FROM 6D., TO 2s. 6D. PLAN AND TICKETS AT WADSWORTH'S, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON

ANTHRACITE STOVES.

Tel. No. 123. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS in Warrington. Tel. No. t 23 E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd,. ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works,

- . Mersey Street, Warrington. , i IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean -moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 5o per cent, in labour.

SS CASTINGS (any weight'. : Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxlna, Acid Proof Metal and all oft. r .11i,,, • RUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, rs Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, Ac., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam etted Pans, Boilers, dm. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen Sc) all kinds 1-chinery and to Steam Boilers, Gus Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars 011 Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors. I CA SteamL in EICEngGIesNEERING. Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. and Forging done or the trade. Turning up to 15 test diameter. paintlr7y , r o s sh, augpilin" to l 5 feet square. slotting up to 111-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, isring and Bending, Pressing, Dishing. Flanging and kivetting by He pressers. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during al atablislasat ova SO years

===== 0002601_19110218_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
PA.r,IerA)ViTTL2 McDOUGALL'S SELF-RAISING FLOUR

to remind whomsoever it may concern that to retain pessessir uof articles come by in that way and to say nothing at all about the matter is an offence which may lead to the dock and a serious charge. !MITI:I-MALIGNED FLANNELETTE. The lid inquest, held by the local Coroner during the period covered by the report m the Watch Com- mittee included burning fatalities, and a consideration Cl snch leads naturally to the topic demoted by the heed line. Mr. Frank Ormerod, a fellow-journalist whom I brew when in Rochdale, has written in the " Pall Mall Magazine " on both the woollen and the cotton industry, and his article on the latter included a paragraph headed A word for English flenneleve.- As he said therein, there is cothing that has no largely brought discredit on cotton during the last few years as the coroner'e condemnation of the " deadly flannelette," an article which, as everybody knows, is made entirely of rotten, "raised " on one or both sidee after manufacture to gins it a feeling of warmth and comfort. But (my friend went on) there is nothing, also, that has been so wrong• headeilly aluseo, for, to Tut the thing is a nutshell. good flannelette is as safe a material as almost any- thing we wear, fiord latinelette ouch as is produced by reputable Englidt firfne is made from pure cotton. in Cl‘ wily woven, and has very little " nap." but the article which Iso often arouses indignation is more often than not it German or other foreign product made from cotton waists, woven as coarsely as sacking and raised into a mass of fluff. Tee coroner sees 110 difference apparently, 'but it is there, nevertheless,' and the difference is accentuated by about sixpence a yard in price. And an, in-tend cf advising parents totakeordinatycare with their children, to put guards round their tires, and to buy the reliable article, coroners neck to prejudice the public mind against a good. cheap, and u).eful tandem n product that ha, added to the happiness and comfort of thousands. In a cotton mantifacturing district in which I worked . for many years, an enterprising firm patented: a pr.) cess for rendern.g flannelette non- inflammable and poor people will do well to note this. Mr. thnerod, however, cares not for ouch devices ; in fact, lie is rather severe on rnealanres of this character. I do not myself believe that his criticism applies to the excellent invention of the firm with whom I am acquainted, and for whom I have nr thing but commendation. Besides, if my experience goes for anything, be is wrong in suggesting that coroners do not warn parents to use fire-guards. Still I may add for whatever interested readers may deem it worth his conclosion of the whole matter. Says he —" It is as tenor now as ever it WWI, that yon cannot waken silk parse from a sow's ear, and to chemically treat the poor quality of article is only a temporary measure, making it nominflammable until it has heen once through the wash-tult. Good flannelstte. it will he news to many to know, will actually withstand the contract of live coal fetter than plain calico.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
P3d-Newv•J••,"..".".,—",,,,4-vA, , iCHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB. .•-••••.",...,,-,New,--,N,Nd-os",,

SOME FUNNY ADVERTISEMENTS. Did you ever collect funny advertisements? I don't mean the ones that are meant to be funny ; I mean those that are serious hut , are worded in a curious way. Those who I look out for humour will find it everywhere and especially in advertisements. Perhaps you will begin to collect them and paste or copy in a scrap book. If so, I will give a few to begin with. This is what we call unconscious humour, and every one is copied from a genuine advertisement. Annual sale now on. Dori't go elsewhere to be cheated—come in here.

A lady wants to sell her piano, as she is going away, in a strong iron frame. Wanted—Experienced nurse for bottled baby.

Furnished apartments suitable for gentle- men with folding doors. Two sisters want washing. Wanted—A room by two gentlemen about thirty feet long and twenty feet broad. Lost—A collie dog by a man on Saturday answering to Jim with a brass collar round his neck and a muzzle.

Wanted, by a respectable girl, her passage to New York; willing to take care of children and a good sailor. Wanted—A boy for butchering. Respectable widow wants washing on Tuesdays. For sale—A pianoforte, the property of a musician withicarved legs. Mr. Brown, furrier, begs to announce that he will make up gowns, capes, etc., for ladies out of their own skins. A boy who can open oysters with reference. Bulldog for sale; will eat anything ; very fond of children.

Wanted—An organist and a boy to blow the same.

Wanted—a boy to be partly outside and partly behind the counter. THIS WEEKS STORY. A HUMAN QUEEN. ---• . . _

I When a girl, Wilhel-mina of Holland. possessed a family of dolls, of whom she remained particularly fond long after her skirts had been let down. She was a motherly little person, and could not bear to put away her pets. One was the Queen of Doll-land, and was dressed in miniature robes of royalty. It had also a tiny throne, and other dolls appointed as attendants. One day, after coming home very tired from the celebration of her own birthday. Wilhelmina got out her queen doll and made her bow and bend till her veil and crown were terribly awry. Now," said the little girl, pettishly, " how do you like being a queen? Doesn't your back ache, and don't you feel horrid ?"

===== 0002601_19110218_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
LIFTING CATS ANI; mours.

It its a mistaken idea that the proper may to lift a full grown cst is by the nape of its neck without supporting the lower part of its body with the other hand. It is true that the mother cat carries young kittens by grasping in her mouth the loose skin at the back of her offspring's neck, but a tiny kitten is a very different matter from a large cat, and, indeed. the only may to lift a kitten without squeezing or hurting its soft little body is to lift it by its neck. But after it has grown larger its own weight is too great to be supported by such a bit of skin and fur Os is grasped by the hand, and many a cat suffers ! p,feet tortures by being held in this manner, and is quite helpless to run or struggle, as in such a position certain Cl its muscles canuct be controlled, and it is I absolutely at the mercy of its unfeeling tormentor. The rams rule should be observed in libing rabbits by their ears. They should alwaya be partially supported by the free hind and not allowed to dangle with their whole weight straining from their large but necessarily delicate ears.

The Body-Building po has been proved by independent scientific ii

10 to 20 times the a

A number of (bald workers took part in a campaign carried on in the local prone, designed to educate public opinion regarding Infantile Mortality. On 20th September the Health Committee kindly received a deputation on the subject. On the dill October a crowded meeting was hold St the Parr Hall tinder the auspices of the Guild of Help. when Alderman Broad• bent, late Mayor of linddersfleld, spoke. The public interest then aroused most have been very gratifying to the Health Corms ittee. who for n long Dom hod been desirous of taking further steps to redoee the death. rate among infants. Two addition.] Lndn Health A 4 mtors have recently bean appointed. ft In hoped that ar ngernent• will shortly be male to suppleent their muk I,y means of a hand of voluntary lady •isitors, art ,hn: General rall he dirreectatriyonmoill nigradlcatl. he 'lrtea.'7l.ve the niels of volunteer, for thin sery oRIi&NISING VI,TORY. In Conclusion, we record our nettled conviction that • the Guild of Help movement cow sprsarling over the THE DOMINION FiIItESTRV DtPARTMENT has ignited Into. hi on the soundeat lines yet devised for helping a return on the lumlar production of Canada for 190 nin poverty or distress. Here in Warrington we the latest yenr for which figures Ire available. Ito our fellow citiiens to seek ti understnnd our tout! production wns nearly four million thoutut 'it,, and to weigh well the work already swoon, feet, board measure, Rod veined at £12,579,205. On alone produced two-fiftha of the total production a. The battle !spinet poverty rnn be won only individuals leave their isolation and take part in note Ithatanding the feet that the sverage val lumber in Ontario was 19-`lO dots. per thousand,l nni.,l effort. z in Nova Scotia it was only 12-00 dole. On! or then the men and the neans. cent, of the wood produced in Canada is he CANON WILLIS AND OBJECTIONS. Spruce is the lemfing Cenedien nien. ' a WiLbas moved the adoption of the duct]on of square timber for export Ina In doing so he referred to objections enormously. had teen raised against the Guild.

I 1 Bovril

to be from

t taken.

(See Poster.)

The first objection, be said, was that it wen in um bands of cue political and religious party. (lAtighter.) If that W. no he was quite sure it was not because that r.figfon. P.I•T f desired to be alone in the good work, but bet,,.., other religious parties held aloof. The second objection ass that a large earn of rnoney was required without any necosaity for it. He quite agreed that a large sum of money was requireid,hut they could not have a large amoun% of good machinery without pay - ing for it.lle objected very much to the statement that money.wws not necessary. The third objection was that eases could he found out without the help of the Society. For bin part he and his fellow-clergy were often &misted by the Guild. The fourth objection was that the Guild could not pro•ide work. Business tree . were more inclined to listen to the recommenda- tion of another business man than they were to the recommendation of a clergyman, for they thought a clergyman might have s kind heart I bot he wan at the same time more inclined tube imposed upon. Continuing,Canon Willis said be would like to touch on the advantagsc of one central nociety in a town like Warrington. Hear, hear. Firstl y overlapping might be prevented. The sad remit of being so divided iu religion ens because they had such, a greet number of organimtions overlapping one another. How thankful they would all he if all were members of one denomination, and had just one moiety whiCh would prevent overlapping. Again, the Guild was elde to detect impostors. Another rennon was that helper, and organizers from their great experience I vrould he Ode to give more practical advice than the advice the clergy could Rive, and lastly ti ey might be I able to obtain work for deserving cases. "I only wish," I he continued, " that it were possible to place ell our: charitable gifts at the disposal of thin voctetv. hot am afraid that in impossible. In my parish there is a sum of 1100 distributed Finch year, hut some of the money is in the hands of outdoes and I doubt whether it is possible to transfer the sure, which they controlled." Ile would like, however, to mpre A hit epproval of three things. Firvtly the generosity of the donors. There wan the Cronfleld iami ly who had Riven 1:.2.50 (a very large .111 to Olin tribute to one object ,secondly the objects aimed at by the rociety and thirdly the work done. He seas sorra to me that the subncriptionvApert from the donations, only amounted to £6O and the expenditore for the year about £2BO. Ile thought that there ought to be many people inn town the size of Warrington with s popula- tion of some 71/thou/tend, whitconld come forward end give their talent. (Hear, hem, The Svc. P. ILIA NI R in seconding On adoption of the report said he believed that he cm aid not do anything without organization. Overlapping was the result of want of organization. (Hear, hoe.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GUILD OF HELP.

FIRST ANNUAL MEETING.

Organised Charity versus Casual Giving

Although it has only been in existence a little over a year, the Warrington Citizens Guild of Help ham done good work amongst the poor and needy in the town, and is rapidly growing to be one of Warring- ton's most useful charitable Institutions. The Halide object is to help tho, in distress, whilst at the same I time exp mina professional beggars and cadgers." the latter of whom make the work of a charitable organization exceedingly difficult. Indiscriminate giving by charitably disposed persons. is uc.re likely to do harm than good, and if the money was liandlei to the Guild the donor could be quite sure did it would reach the proper quarter. The first annual Meeting of the Guild was held in the Town itoh, on Tuesday evening, the Meyor(l4..lt—epti) presiding. 'Poem can en excellent attendance, amongst those present being Mr F A Frost (High Shark! or Cheshire), Mrs Frost, Canon Willis, the Rev Wm Reid, Captain 0 it ermine., Mr and Mrs fV If thu. Mr J Moore Murray, Mr George Dale, Mr Walter Twigs, Alderman Jeri. Evans, the Rev John runge, Mr Holman Kingilun, Mr It S Townroe, Mrs Pemberton, Mins Peraherron, Mr Charles Madelev, MrAW Miss Waring, Mrs F W Monks, tiine Monks, Mr C Parker, Mr John A Itensome :hon. treesurer), and Mr W J Rowland (general secretary).

===== 0002601_19110218_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYOR'S REMARKS.

The Moroi:, in opening the proceedings, extended a !hearty welcome to those present, and cougratialated ! them on participating in a good and noble cause. It was a cause, he mid, .leserving of the respect and sympathy of all tight-minded people. It was nearl7 twelve months ego, after the Medical Officer of Health's report, that a committee was formed to inquire into the cause of infantile mortality, !MI at that meeting he (the speaker) bed the privilege of etiggestiog that the way to deal with the question was by reforming the people's habit., and to do that vol notary workers eine required at that time, lie did not know that no valuable on organization um the Cid:taus' Guild of Help existed is their midst. The Health Committee, were doing their utmost to do away with shim property, hut the great didiculty was to build hooves to accommodate the people who would he displaced. Legislation did not seetn to help as notch R. they would like in that respect. The tineetion was an intensely human ontiowl if legislation had helped them they would lint hare bad the condition al slunidorn that existed to-doe. Slums were in all towns, and he did not think thet oi NVarrington the conditions were so 'mute as in many other towns. Ile thought the furore that hail been created in Warrington lately had made the town appear much worse than it really was. As legislation did not assist them it was iscurnbent on them to given Society like the Guild of Help all the support possible. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19110218_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE ANNUAL REPOaT.

The snomil report gave the following interesting record of the year's work Ile chief end of the society has been to render persona service on organized lines rather than to distribute material benefits. Such work cannot he expressed in statistics, hilt the following table will give soros indication of what has been accomplished. 'fbe 401 mutes notified to the °Vice during 1910 represent hrtussholdv, not individuals. They were die. posed of thus :—No call at o(9ce, false addresses or gone sway, 74 cases: help refined to onsatisfsctory wises, 94 no help needed (16) or canes withdrawn 2), lit; handed over to other guilds or societies, 14 ; helped in various substantial ways—work, foothclothos, medical comforts ,&c., 121 ; helped by advice,including old age pensioners, or cases investigated which righted themselves, [OS; cases not yet dealt with, 11; total, lull. _ . .

It should be noted that our helpers have been in personal touch with some of these cues for crony months. Large numbers of these Caste are still in hand, and are carried forward to 1911.

PM-orKSMpNAL_BKOGAR,.

Many persons referred to the office iliJ nbt take the trouble to call, well knowing that their story would not hear investigation. One professionat beggar smeared under three different names in the course of a few weeks. Another young girl, who hse received assistance from every corner of IVarrington, gave four false names and two false addresses. her father ivso receiving good wage, the whole time.

INGIV RIMINATR GIVING.

The unsatisfactory cases included many who find begging more profitable then working. A healthy man, who abandoned honest work which vies found for hint, collected 60. no a Sunday morning by ninging in the street The philanthropic, public, Sr. strongly urged to 'co...per:Me with the Guild in slopping indiscriminate !giving, and to refuse to give assistance without first having a case in•estigated. The Guild has District ' Committees in every ward in Warrington, and will investigate say case notified from tiny quarter. Several inatances occurred of persons seeking help whore the family inCome was as much as 365.

lI.ARITy II VIIIA T VAUPERI-AATION.

. . After most careful investigation about two-thirds of the people notified have been helped in one way or another. In rendering friendly service to these our helper. find their greatest satisfaction. Milk, beef-ten, Au, have been often provided. One thorooghly respect. elite homily whose only ditticulty was continued ill-henith, hes been restored by country holidays and styptics of milk. Several homes have been kept intact. Mcre than once the broker's man " deferred nction ontil work hes been found for some imemploged man, who has nulisequently pad off arrears of rent. A shop- keeper without friends or fink, but with excellent testinioniels, was provided with a new position, in which he is giving entire netisfaction. The dentruction of the hove was thus prevented.

M.\ VI:NiLTUE RATES.

Another man was badly in debt for workshop rent sod quite in.ipable cif earning a living because unable to porchnse patorial. flis case was pot before the landlord, vrho generously cancelled the debt. Abother friend gave k 2 for the purchase of matxrial. A third advanced, further vim on loan. After slew months he was able to earn his own living. Ile has since repaid the whole of the loan by small instalment,. Had it Oct been for much patient work this man would almost certainly Lave hecorn• burden on the rates.

!)Lr) A 01: Ilt?:SIONVR,

Quite a number of applicants for old age pensions mere helped in the filling up of forms, and by investi- gations for evidence of age. Some pensioners were not sure of their One names or birthdays. In soveral instances the Guild found the money for stercti fees and for certificates of birth or beet ism.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
UNETILOVMNT.

Fortunately utemployment in the town hat, not been very severe. All men and women out of work are referred t the Labour Exchange. At tbe same time the Guild works in co-operation with the Exchange, as with all public department.. The Guild spitret ;ate. help given oy employer. in finding opening for those Oct of work. Where defect, of character are known they will be frankly staved to prospective employern. Sorn, of these faults, expecially in younger men, may sometime.. be eradicated. One lad who n-as very properly diseniased me, after etraight talk, given a (melt chance by another firm. He haft learnt hit Into., Red is now giving complete aatisfaction to his employers.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

THE PASSWORD? The allusion to Sir Thomas Liston in the coon. of Mr. G.K.Chenterton.a lecture at Warrington reminded me of a little incident which came under my notice while under canvas As press correspondent during the annual training of a battalion of Lancashire Territorials, I had hem n accemmorlated with:, tent which happened to Inc at the end of the line nearest the main entrance to the encampment. One night, being thor uglily tired out. I had turned in earlier than usual, but, owing to the returning stream .of fellows on leave. and the constant repetition of the sentries' challenge was unable to sleep. The hoardings of the town front which our citizen soldiers had come hail been freely placarded with moments- Cons of a prune porker bearira the legend " Lipton's leading article." It was impossible for anyone remaining about the district to get out of the Way of this flaming advertisement. and, as the sequel proved, it Was destined to haunt me even in my camp bed- stead down by the sea. As on the night in question I beguiled ini wakeful nioments by listening to the remarks of the late arrivals, the sentry's "Who comes there?" rang out once more and the thin voice of a juvenile bugler rem inded " Lipton's leading article.' THE SENTRY'S TURN TO SCOPE. The youngster just referred to raised a laugh at the expense of the sentry, but the latter has many a good story to his credit. Not long ago I read in the is Green How-tads' Gasette " bonn a bite Governor of Gibralter,who WaS alto a strict disciplinarian, wan in the habit of making surprise visits to the sentries at night. time he came °omen a man asleep at bin poet. The Governor lifted the sentry's rifle, and was quietly walking away with it when the sleeper awakened. The poor fellow was stunned for a moment, lint I divining the Governor's intention, he followed cauti- ously behind. Arrived at the smanlroom. the guilty sentry's rifle wag placed amongst the others on the rack *outside. The Governor then turned for a moment to call the ftergeant of the guard, but iv that moment the sentry quietly but quickly seised his rifle, and was promptly back at his post. The sergeant, as instructed. cosmted the rifles, and reported " All correct. sir." "Nonsense ! Count again," said the triumphant Governor. " Quite' correct, sir," again replied the sergeant, after a careful inspection of the rack. "There must lie a mistake somewhere," exclaimed the Governor, "for I Inane Met this moment placed in the rack it ride belong- ing to the sentry at No. —tent. Come with me." " Halt ! Who goes there ?" came loud and clear from the now very wide-awake sentry. as Governor and sergeant approtiched his post.. The Governor was petrified. Ile glared into the innocent-looking face of the sentry before him, muttered something that flavoured of britnstone, and, turning on his heel, vanished. Then the sentry winked, and the sergeant smiled ! THE CONSCRIPTIONISTS. I have come other personal reeollections of military life under mums for! hare hail varied experience, with the old volunteers ; but I must hasten along, with a peening obnervation on the nubject dealt with oar last week's leader under the heading which have quoted. I think it wait lord Milner robs con- gested that there is a great deal more in military trebling than in the training of the body,his contention being than it is a model training, which is invaluable lath from the poiet of view ef the workman and from the point of view of the citizen. I commend this to onr young men who are sort of esquetting with the territorial scheme. Unfertunately there are infinen-i tial persone who persistently decry the re-organised force and declare the whole thing to be a failure. I venture respectfully to urge that little value need be attached to the opinions of the obviously Initiated. and especially to thise who are strongly prejudiced in favour of a system of conscr,ption. To be sure the Territorial Force is not at its full strength. That's a pity, but of couree it is not the fault of the office's and men, who are doing their best tinnier heavy handicap ; the blame and the shame are with thole, eligible but indifferent young fellows who continue to turn a deaf ear to the voice of the recruiting charmer, cbartn he never so wisely. Moreover if the form is not adequately equipped, it is for the War Office that called it to existence to see to Met, Inonoord, as someone has well raid, this is not a time for panic-stricken measures. by which a superstructure not yet complete must he razed to the ground, the foundation, lulled out. and I.uilding started anew. All the evidence of the last Territorial Camp goes to show that the men are of the right quality. They cannot be licked into shape without time mid patience. But they are the raw material nut of which a capital reserve force can he merle, and it would be a grievmrs waste of time and energy to pull down, at the bidding , of a few pessimists, that which has already been accomplinheil. Let the War Office give the right kind of eneouragement to officers and flier], and the Territorial Force will prove its worth. At all events Ike country will certainly not have conscription. OUR POLICE. I have always taken keen and sympathetic interest in our guardians of the peace. I am old enough ts recollect how several chief censtables, including those of Bradford and Manchester, commeuced their official career as erdinary constables The former, inrieed, began as a private in the nrmy. When I fleet knew him lie was iderk in the i ffice of the Halifax Rorsugh Police, Mr. Harland, the present Chief Constable of Bacup, being then detective-sergeant in he same forer'. Several talice superintendents ii my aremaintance have likewise risen from the rooks, and it should la clear that any young fellow of average education an intelligence who is prepared to submit to the preliminary trniiiing and the somewhat arduous duties of the constable-recruit mar enter the service m ith . fair prospects. Of course, it is a mistake to imagine thnt those duties comprise only what is apparent to the ordinary outside obeerver. As a matter of fact, they are substantially in mega of what was tabulated in the annual report of our Chief Constable, printed in last week's " Examiner." Even the section devoted to their ouierellaneou i services did not even remotely indicate the minor details of the official "dairy day." From one's experience one could meily make good this claim. " LOS I." Particulars in relation to the 330 articles reported Ins' Mr. Martin Nicholls which have been found in this borough in the course of the year under review- would doulitlesa be interesting. Some light on the easra- ordinary absentmindednees of some a people is obtainable from the periodicsl sales of property lost cn the railways and unclaimed by the owners. A brother scribe who looked in on such a sale a little while ago found the room uncomfortably crowded with piles of goods, and an eager throng of bergniu-hunters. Umbrellas sticks end gloves. were there in thousands, and trunks and dress-suit cases in hundreds, !maiden nearly 251) neva!, military, and civil uniforms, many military accoutrements and eniiiich theatrical and lance emotion, to fit up several trantoinimes. However, as the writer remarked. these things Pia generally to be met troll in all lost property offices ; but, as he went n to show, that sale particularly referred to included a number of articles no rernark'alile that one wonders not only that they should ever have been lost, hut that they shetild sever have bean reclaimed. Them were, for instance. 64 Masonic aprons and cuffs, SOll mounted microscope slides, an old enamelled Oriestal pump. a ti-stop organ, a harmon:urn.foor refrigerators. two pairs of counter settles a number of sets of ivory billiard halls and-13 kitchen ranges ! Everything : went very cheap. It was tassible, for ilistance;to get a gross of umbrellas at Is. each if only you could ' catch the aurtioneer'it eye. whilst travelling. rugs at 2s. C.d. each and coachmen's coots at is. lid. each, were earrily procured. Our police take pies to discover the owners and restore lost property as far as possible. They also see to it that finders who are honest enough , to report and deposit to ail police office art ieles of value . picked up in the streets and other public places are oritably rewarded : at the same time it may be well t

===== 0002601_19110218_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
STATE OF THE FINANCES.

Mr. linnnome presented the fin.ncia-1 st;ement from August, 1909, to Decemlor llet, 1910, inclusive, which slicwed that the donations, subscription., and miscel- laneous receipts amounted to £319 12s, 3,1. On the expenditure sides were items amounting to £199 Os ltd. for prelimiunry rotpensen end .C 202 in. 7d., including the secretary's enlary,expenves for 1910, waking,. debit hnlance of £42 9.. 3d. Mr. liansome, in submitting this statement, said he believed that the Society would won be fairly well established. The work, he continued, might to be wide-eprend over the town as it wen a town's work. (Deer, heart !le wotild like earnestly to ask those who had not nlrendy made,. doom, itn to do so,however small. Their money would he well spent. They had in Mr. Rowlands an excellent orsatizer. WHAT THE HIGH 0111111 OF WAS TOLD. . .

Mr. I". A. Frost, in proposing the adoption of the financial statenieh,. elpreesed diseppoint- ment over the number of dem)). and nab- ecribere. lie did not think it wee right t hut the Guild should be isepporteil by just a few people. The objects of the society were not. renlised sefficiently by the general public. He would like to see the roll of subs rivers yeiy considerably increased. (Applattre). The Mayor had seid he had known shout the Society provioudy bet did not know what it was for. He on, in the same boat himself until recently. (Laughter). He asked a friend abet this Guild of Help %an end be was told that it men a Society that bad been formed by n certnin sect or secta or political perry which gathered in the subscriptions no that the party could distri bete the charity for their own party purpose.. (Laughter). This seemed to him a very grand scheme, but he would like to ere the man who could carry it out to a soccessful issue. (Laughter. He mode it his leafiness to nee one of the gentlemen who ,111 : connected with the L 01.12,18, but he did nit toll hire whet he came to find out, but merely naked ' him what the society was and how they net to work about it. Ilowever, when he the spenker, was told that the subscription. were all given by charitably disposed persona, it rather " knocked the stuffing "out of his friend's sitggestion. (Laughter.) He went further, however, and mew how the society carried out its work, and he found that it was worked on the moat economic principles, and that the Gelid hadlover 1)10 voluntary worker,. He saw that it was worksd ins most admir- able manner, and from that time he took en interest in the League. (Hear, hear.) ND. Front went on to cite a case in which a man who was bard working, and deserving of relief was sent by him (Mr. Front) to the League and through their exertions he was now in good employment and giving satisfaction to his entployern. iAppinusei. He was quite convinced that the Longue wan n most excellent one, worked on very soiled principle., and had very noble objects. If those of the public had been told the fairy tales he had teen told they might not be so inquisitive as lie was and believe them. But if they only made inqieries they would find that the Guild was a really excellent institution. (Hear, hear.) It we, the ditty of everyone in tilde coitoiry to help, as (urns lay in their power, in allaying the misery thet lay around OS. If they did it through the medium of the Gitild they coeld he quite sore that they would he tubing the right. course. (Hear, heard 'lke League was opposed to indiscriminate ;kens, god if they found Sousa that one deserving they assisted it, but if not deeerving they left it alone. Mr. .1. filieoue Waft, seconded the motion, and remarked that the League had justified its existence. THE VALUE OF INDIVIDUAL SERVICE.

!An interesting and enlightening address ens after. I wards given by Mr. S. P. Grundy, of the Manchester City League of Help. There must he mom interference on the pert of Municipalities, he said, if there was to be any improvement in the social and moral condition of the people. (Ilear, bear. The Guild was laying the foundation at nos for the reforms of the future, and the work would hear fruit in years to come. I Helpers of the poor,ir they were worthy of the name, by the experience gained would load them to press for ! reforms which they thought would improve the lot of the poor and the comnximity in general. Hear, hear.) The Guild depended for success on individual service. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19110218_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTES OF THANKS.

Mr. R tNSOM6 proposed avoteof thanks to the Mayor for presiding, to Mr. L. A. Voisey for auditing the accounts. and to Mr. Grundy for his addrees. Mr. M. DALE seconded and the motion was carried unani- mously.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
VENO S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE

is guaranteed free from all -inarcotics acid dangerous drugs, arid to be safe FUJI THE YGENGEST CHILD The world-wide adoption of Venus Lightning Cough Cure as the National "Children's Remedy," ia doubtlees clue in a great degree to the f act that .it contains no opium, paregoric. or any narcotic or dangerous drug of any description. Venn's Light- ning Cure will not tweet the moat delicate stomach, it is taken with enjoyment by children of all ages, and is safe for even the youngest infant. Awarded the Grand Prix and Gold Medal at the recent I'aris Health Exhibition, Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is the idsnl remedy for whooping cough, habie,' bronchial troubles, coughs, colds. bronchitis asthma nasal catarrh, phlegm and blood spitting, old-age coughs and all affections of the chest, throat, and lungs. l'rice 9111., Is. lid. and 2s. 9d, of all chemists.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

Latchford met St. Nlargeret's last week. The tram. proved to be most evenly matched, aryl the draw of which resulted reflects the general rot of the game. Early. each grad was visited in torn, and following some pressure by the home forwards lirckney bum throu ;h and defeated the goal-keeper, het before the inter' at St. Margaret's deprived Latchford of their lead, their right wiog Alter the interval the visitors left•side gained the lead by nhooting a coot,. from the right wing into the net, but near the end of the game when a win for St. Margaret's seemed alrn.t certain, Parker snapped tip a chance in the circle, and beat the goal-keeper with a quick shot at clone range. Roth sets of forwards worked good opening., but spoiled them by week shootiog. The hest men oa the visitor. side were the right full-back, centre-half, sod goal- keeper. They had txo men on who have gained comity honorrrs thin season. The Latchford full-backs played o ith excellent judgment, while the half-hacks octet. stared an the proverbial drum. The First Eleven at ‘Vinnington Park thin afternoon :—H Warborton, goal; P Altana., T Dixon. becks. Fl'ole, J II Wilkinson, A Knight, knives; It A Dale, E F Cliffe, D Travis, C Hackney, E Banks, forward., Bus leaves Bridge Foot 1.301 p.m. The Second Eleven v. Winnington Park at Latchford is :—A Hill, goal ; R Parkinson, I: Walsh, backs ; A Bradshaw, F Isherwood, J Isaac. halves ; T Bonk., Pearson, A Statker, W If Slinards, II Fletcher, forwards. Bully-oft 2.30 p.m.

PREFERMENT FOR RUNCORN CURATE. The Rev. Ernest Sc•le• Oliver, curate-in-charge of St. ! ichaera Church for about twelve years hnn e•sen appointed to the vicariate of Si. Panic. Maccleadeld. The pariah contains about 4,000 sold., end the li•ing is valued at about £2lO grow

===== 0002601_19110218_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
PRACTICAL POULTRY FARMING.

(By Redcap.)

FEBIWARY NOTES.

It is time now to set eggs from the heavy breeds. March hatched bird, make the beet winter layers an a rule, so that no time should be lost in getting down a few egg... If you intend uning a broody hen. see that she is set in a very sheltered corner. The weather at present in very cold and many risks attend even February hatching. By the time (three weeks hence) the chickens make their appearance we hope for more congenial weedier. no take great care of the broody hen during the process of incubation ; then you may rxpect a successful batch of chicks to rear. Whether you are purchasing eggs or sitting from your own stock. be careful in the selection. Choose only the bent shaped and strongest shelled ones for the purpose name!. It is no use risking thin shelled eggs, neither in it profitable to use either were large or very small eggs. Some people imagine that if they set large eggs they will get large chicks. Nature herself teaches otherwise ; for in it not a fact that the smallest lowls lays (nearly always) the biggest eggs. In point of fact you trill hear sic out in that ; The Andalunian beats the Orpington junt uneasily as the Miners beats the Cochin for size of eggs. So do not he misguided by size; always set the best shaped and medium sized ones. few notes on Ihow to manage

71, 1111.,4,1, }fr.

may not be out of place at this time. First of all be sure that she "means bitsinese." Nothing is more annoying than having a valuable sitting of eggs spoiled by the hen not Sitting her time out. It is not always convenient to replace her in the space of half- an-hour. Be sure then that she is thoroughly broody. and never risk a broody pullet if an old hen can be I procured. Observing these essentials you may pro- ceed. Make the rest in the quietest corner possib'e. If on the ground floor so much the better, providing . always that it is not too damp. If the nest has to be made on a boarded flour then place in it first of all, a good thick std. After making firm and even, place in it also a good thickness soft hay sad well sprinkle the whole with Keating's insect powder. Having thus far proceeded you at, introduce the liars' to her new ijaartcr,. ho this at night and in doing an, place a few " pot" eggs under the hen. If the following morning she seems quite content and the false eggs warm, then you may risk the gennine articles. These also should be placed tinder at night and when she is still on the nest. These simple pre- cautions are very necessary to avoid breakages. W ten a full sitting of eggs are placed in the nest and the lien allowed to go un of lice MVP free trill there is a danger that she may clumsily smash one or two.

Cr. list. A sitting hen should never be fed oftener than once a day. This should be given about nine or ten o'clock in the forenoon, when the rest of the stock are sway foraging and all is quiet. It will be quite obvious that the daily meal should consist of a sub- stantial and good finality grain. Indian corn Cr maize is the very best to give, for it not only takes a long time to digest and waste in the system, hut it also sepplies that necessary amount of int.. rnal fat no essential to supply the fal which gives beat to the lien's body. This feeding, you are aware. is to be avoided with !eying stock, but should be .ught after in the 1118132g..100t of the sitting hen. Very well, then. throw down a good feed of corn, place a vessel of clean drinking water close bv.and in a small box put a handful of sharp flint grit, bunt forget the dust-bath. This should he composed of a shallow box roll of tire sand and fine ashes, to which has been added a handful of powdered sulpher. The later will destroy any existing vermin. Having thus far made preparations you may then releitie the hen. If not inclined to leave the nest after a fair trial you should gently lift her flora the nest and then prevent her getting hack egain until she has had a good meal. When you are tiatistied that she has thus partaken, let her go back again but to not chive her on utilises forced to do au. If the hen is thoroughly broody and ' keen on • you will have tin difficulty in this respect.

THE ECo,,

It is quite safe to test the fertility of the eggs after a week has elapsed. It is useless for the hen to cover unfertile eggs; the heat of her body can more profitably be given to the fertile ones. There- fore • few hints on egg-Wetting may be glean. This may be done by holding each egg in front of an oblong hole (the size of an egg) winch hue been cut out of a piece of carollaArd, pieces candle at the bock of the opening an that the contents rf the rag may be seen. If the eggs appear clear against the light. these may be discarded an unfert;le. If on the other hand. dark patch appears, then you can he sure that such I contain a chick. Do not threw the deer eggs away as usele-a, for they are useful when hard-billed as !chicken food ; indeed, some people use them for i cooking purposes.

........ If you are purchasing eggs from a dlstance do not ' net 'bent straight away ; they ..bould be allowed to settle for a day before piecing under the ben. It la a good plan when possible to net two hens at the came time, so that if you only get moderate hatches, all could be given over to the care r f one hen ; thus saving extra trouble and attention. The period of incubation is teensy-one de; s. Da not be surprised if some of the chicks appear snap or two tanner or even a dcv Sr two later than this. Much derends opt° the freshness of the ego' when set. Weather conditions aso effect the general period at tim.s. When the eggs begin to chip do not ta,iper mitt, them Let nature have Lor curiae. tin chicken is not strong enough to break through,the chances are that it would alwaye las weak eves if a-siated by breaking the shell. Chickens require no food for the first twenty-four hours of their existence, therefore I would ask you to rliacard all "old woman methods" of giving them a drink, it 14 cruel to do so. During the later stage of incubation they absorb the con- tents of the yolk-bag and this is sufficient to nourish tnem for the time stared. If the hen is of an uneasy dispoeition it might be a wise plan to remove each chick to sure being tranipled on. 11.,, place them in a flannel-lined basket, keep them warm but not too hot. having made sure that all have hatched out, cleor the neat of broken shells and gently return the chicks to the hen. Then leave her to quietly settle flown. In the noontime you will have prepared a coop to receive the new &mile and when yon are sure that the hen has nettled, transfer them to the coop. They will have more freclont wad Into ratli of berng trampled on.

. .... As I have elready pointed out the chicks need no f orsl for the first2l hour.. The first feed should con- sist of fairly hard-boiled egg, mixed with stale bresdcrumbs and oatmeal, and given every two hours for the first two days. Bread and milk. chicken meel, boiled rice dried 4.17 with oatmeal are all good foods to follow on with. Never giett them any of three foods too ah.ppy. They should be pee- pared in n crumbly state. For the first week they elinti'd be fed every two hourn,giving the first meal as early a. possible. The second week Tourney hee,well welded biscutt-meal dried off with thirds, and a little Into meat chopped fine, on abernate days at noon. The /oat or evening meal should consist of a go d brand of dry chick food. Green food in the form of young lettuce aud chick-weed chopped fine should also bees given. When the chicks airs month old you may rtduce the munlwr of meals to five per day. Give the last meal as late as possible which should lie cmyor.ed of good sound grain. As they advance in age give them cut green bone but not too much. Be guided by the state of their bowels. At , three mouths all treat them much iu the same way So the rest of the stock. A +imply of grit in just as es,ential in chickens as with the adults but of course of • liner grade. Further you cannot be too careful in keeping ncrupulously clean the drinking vessels. Cleattlinees if rigidly observed will save you many an anxious hour. Disease might almost be unknown if poultry keepers WOlll,l only follow thii golden rule.

inn PS Chicken, when a week old can atand • lot of cold but not damp. Keep ilie runt entirely covered until they are a few weeks old, and even then, they should have access to a dry place which has been well littered with chaff or peat most. it in a good plan to bury a handful of dry feed in the litter ; thin keeps the little ones busy and gives them plenty of health!, exercise.

- Since writing the foregoing notes one cf my readers has brought me a very fine egg. It weighe exactly Inc.. and is a splendid shape. It would. I think, have suited my argument better if laid by either an Andalusian or Shames. But aias ! the fat. are against me, for it was actually laid by a tine Buff Orpington. But even so, it is useless for sitting purposes. becasee it isdouble.yolked. After advising my friend thus. I should estimate that in the apace of ten minutes, the top will be knocked of!, for it is near tes-tie!

===== 0002601_19110218_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
Eggs, Poultry, etc.

FOWL CORN, not rubbish, put on rail free, Se. 64. cwt., ton £3 3..; stamp for mimple.—O. T. MURRAY, 113, Green lane, Stonsycroft, Liverpool. EGOS from pure White Wyandotte.; : good laying strain ; 3s. do/sw—C. ilnowa, Longwood, Cressage, Salon.

1310 L LIR.% Farming. complete outfit for beginner% including three months board end Inition Cso. Pupils received. porticul•rs.—ELNlS POULTRV FARM, Hillburoup. Heron Ilsy. LUGS iron, following put.. breeds, 34. ti.l. dosser, Golden lVyandottes. Bomb., Brown Legbornee, White hnghornec—J. J. Frsitss. King Sterodsle, Buxton. Derbyshire.

BFF ROCK EGGS, SE. doz., from I.t prize foi Blue Leghorn., fin. doz.., mated for tsbibition R.I. Red., rose comb, b.. doz. : every en, gaaranteed es edvertised.—Vrr A R. Silverdale, Cern:mob.

ODER your eggs pow fr On our winning .trifle of Speckled Susses : satisfaction puttee:en] ; prices 10s. lid. and Ss. fid. per dozen ; dsy-tOil chicks doithle.—Jossti AND Di NON. Crawley Down. Susse, VOOS that Hatch, ss. sitting from Pure Rine also 1A Black Wyandotte. : prize winners Ms,. Bins Lechorns ; excellent !suers ; inifertiles replaced.— PHI hues, Elms. Westrown, Somerset.

I 1 QIU) EGOS from Six Ducks in 12 monihs, Indian Runners; eggs now ready or ' booked, 3s. lid. doren.—r.Kfttli If %NI, near Lane Eerie Hotel. Ashton, Preston.

EOGS from grand typical White Wyandotte, Salmon Faverolle, Red Susses, 4s. ad. sitting ; record layers atici winner,. of 01.1)(01111 prizes ; Lengthen Paver°lles and Orpington Faverolles 3a. ad. sitting ; unfertiles replaced.—E. G. Jo., Barley, Royston, Herts. 19 1,/ EGGS per di/1y average for December, 126 January, from TM hens.-11 elaim to have lbw best Laving Strains in existence in White Wyandotte.. and Buff Orpiugi one ; Eggs 31. itd. per dozen ; unfertile replaced. Invention invited.—J. It. Pit ird.i Whinny Clough, Goosnargli, Preston (Railway Station, Longridge, three miles). EdGGS FROM TRAP•NESTBD BIRDS that have laid over 40 eggs teach in December and January. White IVyandottea, Buff Orpington, Black end White Leghorn., 3, 61. per dozen ; guaranteed fertile; chickens dotitAt.—T. KIRKHAM, :Sear Lane Rods Hotel, Ashton, Penton.

%-t- 'OO DIAN D'S POULTRY PAR9I, hearsney, Dover.—Eggs non: reedy ; White and Buff Orpington. 30.. per sitting (19 chicks es. per dosen ; crossbred egm, S. Sussex, Honda°, Game. Orpington. 2.. 3d. sitting. Non booking, Aylesbury duck eggs, 4s. dozen ; ducklings, he. ; 910000uoth Bronze Turkey egg.. 7.. lid. dozen ; Lupien, Toulouse goose eggs, Or. dozen ; untertiles replaced if returned .tock lords from 5. ; terms, cash with order or deposit. Also Xenon crammer- mponising instruments escellent condition.

NO LEAD CHICKS By using only ARMITAGES' DRY CHICK FOOD. It will pay you. Chicks rear,d on than Food elone ' weigh 200. et 5 weeks, nommen.. to lay no months. An bd. bag 'by post Is.) niers 12 Chicks till 3 weeks old. Bogs 4d , ed., Is. dl., 2s. Gd.. etc. 511akers : ARMITAGE oROS., LTD.. POULTRY FOOD SPECIALISTS, NOTTINGHAM. &AD Br CARTER AND SON, CORN DEALERS, WARRINGTON. - DOO5.

Dog Biscuit., Spout's Old Cidalnir and Meat Biscuits, Mei., Orioko, FlOko, Bull Di,g Merit. Fib°, Hound Meal, Rodnini, I linking i roughs, Comb.. Brushes, Collura, Lead.. Whip., Muzzles, Medi-ines, other requisite. iu order, PUPPIES.

Sprett's Puppy Cake.. Nlalt CcdVet Oil likcuits,'rerrlyr Biscuits.

&NON. Bridge-et . WARRINGTON. PIUtONS.

Special Pigeon Mixture, Jenkinson'a Perfect Gravel. Heakh (air, New Zeeland surf English Maple Peas, Tick Beans, Vetches, Revivers' Medicinal. Our 31ixed Cora ix all specially Sifted aad Cleaned. BIRDS.

Ornery, Cole, Rape, Hemp. May, MlU.t,Liuseed„ Teazle. logs, and This: le Seeds. Pea Clops I. I.arit Food (MI CApPrll.ll. licdrie. and Spratis Fords, Linnet and French Mixture). Fountains, Nests and P.p. Dove and Parrot Fro.', Cottle Fiat, Medicine, Dried Flit,. .‘nts' Spraxs.

'CARTER & SON. WARRINGTON

CANADA WANTS MEN TO TILL THE SOIL

OOT F 11.1: 4 '

OUR FOOfBALL PHOTO PRIZE SCHEME. The winnerA for the Hull match were . Jopepb pemi.ermo, 131, DaHam-lane James Lester, 311, Old-road. Albert Smith, 47, Ilaruiltoa-street.

Notes by " Ovallst." The first round of the (up-ties will take place to-day DU the ground of the first named chi., : Nortaanton St. John's, Broughton Rangers. Halifax v. York. CM entry v. ‘Varrington. St. Helens •. Brantley. Barrow v. Hull. K.- ghley • S.llf.ird. Rochdale Hornets v. litinslet. Pemberton v. Bradford Northern. Wigan v. Huddersfield. flatly v. Ebbw Vale. Hull Kingston Rovers v. Oldham. Widnes v. La. e End United Leeds). Leeds v. Leigh. Wakefield Trinity v. Swinton. Dewsbnry v. York Groves United. Broughton Moors. Runcorn.

Warrington j lurney to the confines of the Union to plly Coventry at the Midland City, and while they should win this engagement. the result is not the certainty it ought to be considering the respective records and calibre of the teams. Coventry are rather better than their showing in the League suggests, and Warrington, st present, are rather worse on the same standard. Coventry have won 3, and lost 17 match PR, while Warrington have won 11 and lost 8, five being drawn.

The Wirepullers' executive is in a quandary owing to injuries to platers, and the team will sot be finally eelectetl till the night before the match. Readers of this column most refer to the back page of the paper for the selected thirteen. At the time of writing Brooks, Creevey, and Fish are all doubtful starters, and it seems practically certain that the back division will he weak in attacking pwver. It was particularly unfortunate that Brooks should strain a muscle in the thigh last Saturday, for he had been playing in a form which promised excellently fir the cup tournament. Creevey and Fish are both on the lmrder line of fitness and it tvill be a last-minute decision which determines whether either or neither shall play.

There is no doubt that a lot of Warrington's respon- sibility will rest on the forwards. The latter have not been seen at their hest for some time, but if etery man does his duty to-day there should not be much doubt about getting possession and possession of the ball is cup-tie strugules is more than half the battle. The Warrington six are big enough and strong enough to hold their own anywhere and against the Coventry pack they should demonstrste their powers in unmistakable fashion, or the match will be lost.

Coventry are one of those teams which seem good on the attack and weak on the defence. Warring- toad qualities are more of the contrary kind. They do not score 01 ten, but if they get a lead they should keep it. The Coventry men have twom.eful halves in Yewlett and Beynon the ex-Oldham pair, and a couple of fast threequarters in Woodburn and Harrison. One thing the team will certainly lack and that is Cup.tie experience. This .hould give Warrington the pull when the struggle becomes keenest.

On their first visit to coventry early in September. Warringom only succeeded in making a draw of ten points each. The team which made the journey teas not one that inspired much confidence. for the wings were Clare and Landor, both of inborn gave a poor display, and missed chances of scoring which should have WOO the match with ease. The forwards were aiso weak in comparison with the six available to-day, :Ind probably Poison and Chesters are the only two who will make a return visit to-day. Shugara, Thomas, Johnston and Skelhorn were absentees on the first occasion.

A Coventry correspondent writes: The supporters of the Coventry Northern Union Club are looking forward to the ViAlt of Warrington. High hopes are being entertained that the local club will be able to account for their more formidable opponents. A great game is anticipated, and a record crowd looked forward to. The league game between the two teams etcher in the season resulted in a draw. The Coventry Cluh hare a very capable net of players, and although they rccupy such a lowly position in the League. Warrington will not he well advised t 3 judge the style of their play from this fact, or they might be greatly surprised. There la plenty of weight in the forwards, live of whom erect originally with the Rugby Union Club. Theo are two inter- nationals in this division viz. —Tomes, and O'Malley.

The three-luartere are a very strong line, and ustutlly show some very pretty uork. The Warring- ton defence toil be well advised to keep a keen eye on Woodburn, on the wing, who has a wonderful turn of speed wlrett has brought many tries to Coventry ant will Nina many m re. Beyuon and Yewlett will be found to be nntiring and very dower halves. The former is a Welsh Northern Union International. Burdett is a full back from the Rugby Union, and although having no exceptional abilities is neverthe- less a sound back. In the previous round of the cop Coventry met Merthyr Tydvil at Coventry, and easily overcame the Welsh side by 18 points to three.

The club have been going through a special course of training, and will he sound and fit for a hard game. The directors of the club are looking forward confidently to the result, and are not leaving a atone unturned for the comfort of the players and supporters. A large Rate is expected, although there is a Southern League fixture for the Association team. and slot II Rugby Union match. It is hoped that the game will increase the enthusiasm for the Northern Union game in Coventry.

The Coventry team will be :—T Burdett. hark: J Houghton. ft W Deakin, H Davies, and Woodburn (late nf Broughton Rangers), three-quarter barks; D Beynon, And M Yewlett (both late of Oldharnt, half- backs; E Hutt, W Hutt, L Tomes. J P Oldham, L O'Malley (late of Warringtont, and C L l'iggott, forwards.

The League table up to rlate is u follows

r For. Agst. Per- P. W. L. D. G. T. P. O. T. P. eds.. Oldham .2921. 3 1...59 91 361_54 31 170... 011.09 Wobetleld 1`24 19 4 1...49 87 159.22 30 154... 81.25 Wigan .5 20 5 0...63 107 447...33 35 151._ 80.00 Widnes .4 11 7 3...31 55 277.-18 26 114... 64.54 Hunalet'...26 16 10 0...53 67 307...43 70 296... 8453 44011 K.R..24 12 9 3...74 RI 391...40 59 257... 56.25 Leeds .4 13 10 1.-50 64 292...54 51 221... 5625 Warringt'o24 11 4 5...39 48 220...29 50 206... 56-25 Halifax _25 14 11 0.-39 58 246.-32 44 190... 56.00 Keiahley -23 12 10 1...32 45 199...42 61 267... 54.34 Batley 04 13 II 0...34 61 251...29 Sd 166... 54.18 Dewsbury.24 13 11 0_29 59 233...31 44 194... 54.16 RochdaleH2s 13 11 1...43 57 257-.29 51 211... 54.00 StAlelens 26 13 12 1...46 77 323...39 68 342.- 51.92 1101 l 011 12 II 3...35 66 260...34 ng 212... 51.92 Sivlnton.-24 12 12 0...30 46 194-25 76 159... 50.00 Hodderso42l 13 14 0...55 94 362...35 30240... 4814 Leigh 01 11 12 0...31 36 170...37 49 221... 47.82 Salford ...21 10 13 1...35 64 282..41 61 265... 41.75 8i1et0046.21 10 14 0...211 36 164...40 56 219- 41.68 13redfor0N21 9 15 1...26 34 154...50 84 292._ 38.00 400060r0...25 7 15 3...22 44 176...43 70 298... 24.00 Ebbw Vale2l 8 16 0...16 42 158-.34 57 239.- 33.33 Barrow ....24 7 16 1...25 51 203-.45 73 924._ 31.25 31erthyrT.13 5 19 0...14 14 90...47 81 337.- 2717 York ......22 6 16 0...31 27 173...49 67 299... 27.27 Coventry-23 5 17 1...31 40 2041_56 91 345... 2391 .Bramley 24 5 18 1...22 26 11-2.-56 80 376... 22.91

-- The math at Broughton last Saturday was the worst exhibition of fnotball I have ever seen under good conditions. Botu weather and turf were excel- lent. but the teams were shockingly blundering and feeble. True, Warrington only had Brooks' services for a quarter-of-an-hour, but the combination alone was inexcusably had. Ths. passing and running of both sides would have been sneered at in the Linea- shire Combination. Only Dickenson and Tilley of the Warrington bark• showed any form at all. Waywell was a big disappointment, and unless this voting man wakens up in the cup-tie to-day there vill s,on be a vacancy on the right wing. Like other Billiardists, against Ueorge Gray, he played a " waiting game."

The opinion was general as to the quality of the football at Broughton. Perhaps some of my readers will welcome another opinion. This is what the

" Manchester Guardian " had to say on Monday : " The spectators on the Broughton Rangers' ground on Saturday got poor value for their money. Nothing happened during the game to cause the least excite- ment, and the passing was of such poor quality that any junior teams might easily have put it in the shade. It was no unusual thing to see three Warring- ton or three Broughton players left with only one opponent to beat and then make an awful hash of the scoring chance through recklesa passing. Three tiles were scored during the afternoon, but Scoit's was the only one that hail any real merit in it. Pie took a quick transfer from Barlow splendidly, and then tricked Waywell in fine fashion. The other two tries came horn tlunders. The Rangers adopted bad tactics of passing in their own quarters, and once paid the penalty by Bowing Johnston to steal a Dana and score a try. The 'tangent' next score, which nettled Warrington's chance altogether, was the reault of a mistake by 'Taylor, one of the Warrington three-quartera. He had plenty of time to get rid of the ball, hut ran too close to the Rangers' forwards before he kicked, with the result that the ball wart charged down and R. Clamptt scored a try. Between the forwards there was a great .truggle, and some very fine work wee done. Warrington have a rack equal to any in the Union, and it was a great handicap to theta when Johnst .n had to be withdrawn vu account of Brooks getting injured The Rangers' forwards played splendidly and their fine diibhiiog, together with s lite brilliant individual efforts by Davidson nod Itickeneon and Tilley, were the only bright bits of play in a most uninteresting exhibition."

The rentela st Wilderspool to-day will be somewhat of an attraction—the lin,' for the I,,neashire Junior Cup. between Cadishead and Widnes Rovers. Several old Werrinuton olivern are in the Cadishead rank,. and their side will undoubtedly start favourites.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, February 18, 1911

clumsy, and Broughton moon rushed the game to safer quarters. Some binary piloting kept Tilly and Taylor busy. The right centre was eventuelly guilty of • great error of judgment in drilyirig with a sick on ttie line' The hall was charged down and R. Clampitt secured a soft try. The final came, few minute. later with the Rangers winners of a poor game by I goal 2 tries (8 points), to I try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19110218_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN ONION.

IZESULTS OF SATURDAY'S MATCHES. NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

Leeds

... 27 25 Bromley

- Hunalet 1-11111 St. Helene Roches le Hornets 2 1 7 Widnes 0 o 6 1 Bestir. Swinton Broughton Ft. ... 1 2 9 Warrington I Huddersfield Oldham 3 5 21 Runcorn Leigh Keighley

YORKSHIRE COMBINATION. Huns let Wakefield A Featherstone R 17 Lee& A LANCASHIRE COMBINATION

13.rrow A .7 St..llelens A ... 7

Pemberton Rochdale !for. A... 22 Widnes A 0 1 3 Oldham A ——2 l A Leigh A — —S Salford A Warrington A — 18 Broughton R. A 0 1 3 Wrenn A Wigan Highfleld —— 13 Leigh Shamrocks 0 0 0

===== 0002601_19110218_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
BARROW DRAW AT ST. HELENS.

The return League fixture attracted a good crowd to . the St. Helens ground. Barrow were early ea danger- ous, Hogg. being grassed several times within • yard of the line. St. Helens were penalised close in for off. side, and Hogg just fnilrl. Immediately afterward. Dobson charged doe° a St. Helens return, and scored, but the try was disallowed. Trenwith, Tortill, Pope and Belshaw handled for St. Helens, the latter scoring hut Turtill failed from an acute angle. Half-tirne—St, Helens 1 try .3 points Barrow nil. Logan started the sec,ul half, and Barrow at once attacked. Hamlet creasing with a try, which was unimproved. From • mull on the Barrow line Prestos kicked a floe goal from the tonch-line. In the closing stages Barrow were all over St. Helens, and Logsn picked up and ran. in under the posts in the haat minute. Gifford improved. Reault :—St. Helene, 1 goal 2 trien 1S points) ; Barrow, 1 goal 2 tries 3 poiots..

A SURPRISE FOR WIDNES. At Widnes, before 3,000 spractators. Rochdale early on artacked, and Jones placed two line goals from penalties. A beret by Kirov, sad. 8110AWIUPOL bout of passing between Paddon and Robinson ended in the latter scoring an unimproved try. Widnes then got on the attack, and following A penalty close in, Johnson H got over, but Dainteth failed at the place. alf-timet Rochdale '; goals I try (7 points), Widnea I try 3 points). Very early in the second h•lf, Lally went from centre to half back, and worked the scrummage, and from thi. time 00Weinig the Hornets were practic- ally kept on the defence. Widnes were only aLe to cross the line once, an the result of n combined move- ment between Dsintetb, Law and O'Gara. Om fret- named failed to improve. Result t Rochdale 2 goals I try (7 points). Widnes 2 tries 6 points).

OLDHAM v. RUNCORN. At Oldham' the Champions gave • very indifferent exhibition of football, and only 'ton in the lest few minutes. Runcorn had. weak side on, and were further handicapped by losing their clever wMg forward Pad- bury shortly atter ptarter-time. Flanagan opened with in early try, on which Shaw added the goal aril soon after Ward kicked n penalty goal. Half time woe drawing near before Oldham took the lead with a try scored by Deane. Wool adding the goal vitas. Their lewd quickly disappeared, for Okell got hold, and was quickly clear with only the full hack to face, and on being challenged he handed to Csarley, who acored. Shaw railed at the goal kick. Before the interval, however. Oldham made a better show, and Lomax scored twice, Deane and Avery doing the opening work. A penalty goal kicked by Shaw enable.' the viaitors to reduce the adverse balance to three points, but after this they wet!) penned in their urns end for moat of the time, and tries were scored by Helm and Dixon, Rood adding a goal to the Brat. Result :—Olittam, 3 opals and Strict (21 points) ; Runcorn, 2 golds and 2 tries (I 0 points).

===== 0002601_19110218_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington's Poor Display.

The return match between Warrington and Broughton was played at Broughton on Saturday. Both sides were well represented, and the conditions were perfect, but the football wee ahockingly poor and aroused little enthuaiaani among a crowd of shout 4,000. reams Broughton Rangers.—Davidson : Booth, Saul, Harria, Scott ; Mead, Barlow ; Ruddick, Robinson, Winksklll, Clorry, Clampitt (.4 L), and Clampitt (R). Warrington.—Tilley ; Way..ll, Taylor, Dickenson, Unewortb ; Brooks, Daintith ; Thonias,Shugare, Poison Chester., Skethorn, and Johnston. Referee : B. Ennion. Wigan . .

*co;n3l;c7,i- ic.ii:wWerrington, but the home side quickly assumed the ant.. Rive, Herris being con- : epic.. with a grove run, which took play into the Warrington quarter. Conikination amongst the visiting backs relieved the pressure, and both ends were quickly visited by means of open play. There was frequent knocking on of the bail, both sides erring. A neat bit of play between Saul and Bouch enabled the Rangers to make aorne iirogress, and Barlow ntade further ground with a break through, but a penalty canon to the aid of Warrington. Fur. Hot by the Rangers' backs, teas well wavered by Gorry, bat his punt was retnrue.l with interest by Tilley, who, however, kicked too strongly, and a dead hall resulted. After ten minutes play Brooks limped off the field of play, And Chesters carne out of th• pack. Werrington continued to hold their own bnt little bead way was tnede from the I.rure. Combination by Dsintith sod Uneworth looked !promising, but the latter knocked on, end Ruddick was ! unable to prevent the ball finding touch. Exchange ' kicking resulted in Wtrrington's favour And Brooks : returned with the plAy in the home half. He at once made a dealt from the .rummage and passed to 'Can- worth neer the line. The litter seemed to fumble the return and a gloriens hence wee misted. Very soon after Brooks retired again, end linsworth filled the hAlf-back position. Johneton playing on the wing. Wild passing by the RA:agars' bents saw the visitor, make the best of it. Good work by Deintith. Taylor and Dickenson almost resoltel in a snore for Werringtoo, hut Weywell was ...eked in trying to dribble over at the corner. A penalty •werd brought welcome relief. Good dribbling by Daintith and Skeihorne ended in so informality coning the presettre, and a round of passing by the home hacks gained ground, Hooch finally being sent into touch in the Warrington helf. Harris woo temporarily incapacitated. and Ruddick filled bin position in the three-quarter line. Mead was obstructed when breaking through Sn attack, but Gorrywsneeitnof the goal ia hie attempt. Helf.time was called, after a poor game, with the scoro %beet bleak.

I,.,="th'emilTletnot,etile..",:or.:!dquhaaritte:rs.butA IcTe'trerrimVe7l !effort by Barlow enabled the Rangers to return to th• w.rringron portion, where, from a kick by Davidson, Tilley returned direct into touch, From th• scrummage Barlow necured poseession,and Hernia and Scott in turn handled the bell, the last-craned opening the score near the cornerdlag. Davidson added the goal points with a nplendid kick. drocks bad meantime again retired from the game after another trial. Good play took place , between baul,Bouch, and J.L.ClampittAnd the Warning.- ton line was placed in danger. Finn work by Dickenson in midfield enahled his side to gain sorn• ground. but the movement terminated nub • lengthy kick by H•rris, Tilley allowing the ball to roll dead. Passing by the !Rangers' backs was interrupted he Johnston. the wing. Panning between Johnston and Thomas again left the colonial in pommel., and he made a good try. Thomas was unable ton-Id the goal points (roman easy position. Davidson was ohatructed, and from the freeokick in an easy positi. Barlow put wide of the goal. Davidson made a good attempt at goal from a drop, the ball being barely wide of the posts. Warrington again forced their wsy to the line, but the bark piny waa

===== 0002601_19110218_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRINt,TON " A " a, BROCUHTON.—Thero Wllll a innd crowd at Wilderepool on Saturday for the visit of Broughton "A," and in the end the locals triumphed easily. Lloyd soon opened out the attack for Warring- , ton, and Bradshaw seized an opportunity and raced over with a brilliant try, wnich Mclntyre failed to !augment. Broughton mod skit to the railway end, but it nos of brief duration, an unsuccessful drop at ' goal entitling the nook side to niake the ball dead. On the other wing Brndsbaw made Nevem! Attempts to get through, sod on one occasion was tadly obstructed after a grand run. A moment later, however, ion crowned a sharp passing movement by scoring. Mclntyre again mined the goal. lialf.time : Wertingtou, six point. ; Brooglaton, The visito-s commenced the second hell in vigorous fashion and a forward rush saw Lear presented with a soft try. This was the vi•itors' only paint, and for the remainder of the game they were busily engaged defend- ing. Clare got over at the corner and Lloyd added another try after a fine mimi foal elfor.. Bradshaw woe knocked inio touch in goal, bali foilowed this by crossing the line for his third try. Kenney finished the scoring with, neat try. Fin-i 1 Vinreington six tries (IS po.nts) ; Broughton one try ia point.).

===== 0002601_19110218_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSERVATIVE ASSOCIATION. FREEDOM OF THE BOROUGH

SUGGESTED FOR MR PIERPOINT.

Mr. Harold Smith, M.P., on the Political Situation.

The annual meetirg of the members of the Warring. ton Conservative Association was held at the Assembly Rooms of the ChM, Sankepstreet, on Monday evening. Sir (filbert Greenall, Bart., presided over a large llttoo.lanes.

11r. E. HALL (boo. see.) Stlblllit tPd the report, in which it was pointed out that the Conservative party bad continued its activitiee. and had token a proper part in the municipal life of the town, and the more important ditties of registration had not been neglected. The rank and file worked as one man at tbe last election, end the party worked with wonderful colteeion and enthusittem, with the result the..a eolendid victory was achieved. Applause.) After thanking those who had taken a prominent part in the Conservative campaign, the report continued —And, when all is said nod done, it will be the unanimous judgment of supporter and opponent alike that the final and deciding elements in the victory were the energy, versant ity, minced ty and brillience of our candidate, now the proud hlerniwir for Warrington. (Cheered A stranger to inn all a few months ego, we believe that the future are him more Warrington then the Werringtoniens and that his identity with the town will be alike long, unbroken, bonooralile and distin- iuished. cheers). The nesociation has beard with the most profound regret of the

INII,DF.II REMOV&I FROM THE TO, Si Or MR. AND 11001147 . .

....... Plentiful evidence was forthcoming during the recent election of the affection and respect with which they are regarded in the town, and nothing crield have been more agreeable to this community then that they should have spent the evening of their deys in the " house of their friends." Whilst he represented the town in Parliament he curried on the high traditiona of the pest with worth and diatinction. end it would be fitting and proper (and a compliment tivit one imaginers nor political opponent* would heeled to join) if, now that he retire* from active polities, the freedom of the borough should he preeented to hire. Cheerei This is, of couree, merely a stmgestion, end is tendered with respectful deference to the Town r *nnocil, whote province alone it is to deal with such matters. (Cheers). Mr. SEGAR Ow es (hon. treasurer, said unperalleled activity had prevailed during the year, end of contact increased activity meant increased cut on the part of the treasury. He was 0.1 to say that the need. of the Association had been handsomely met by the sub- scribers last year. The reports were adopted, on the proposition of the CIII.II[MAN, seconded by Mr. J. Frurou Sat I'M.

On the proposition of Councillor W. H. J. JENKINS, eseonded by Councillor W. H. BELLIAN, Sir Gilbert Greenall tvas unanimously re-elected president. Sir GILBERT, in returning thank.. acid he occupied the resition that night with greeter pride than he lied ever done before. Ile thought after the too leftist.: the party eostained and the megnifloent result they echieved at the last election they might pat them- selves on the hank. (Hear, hoar.) litit,aniti Sir Gilbert. because we harpoon we must not give up working, and the next time Co want to win by a larger majority. ' If the acme enthusiasm and good fellowship existed in the party as in the pant twelve or eighteen months there was very little iloubt what the result of the next general election would he. (Apple...) Aldermen BENNETT. in reposing that Mr. W. Peter Ryland. and Mr. .1. Fulton-Smith again be chairman and deputy-clisirman respectively, said the • • which now }need the country Wan the greatest in the history of all civilized nations. On the C.nservative party devolved the task of re-modelling the Con- stitution which their oppouente seemed .letetruined to destroy. and they had to cement the Empire, which : tinder the rule of the Radicals seemed gradnelly to he slipping away. The !nutmeat, of the associntion under such distinguished Ividers would be tilde to assist in thwarting the evil which threatened the Conatitution, and torrid assist in placing the country and the Empire on lasting foundations. :Cheers). The following additional otilnials were elected Vice-president., Memel Harold Smith, M.P., J Cherlt on Parr, and Pierpoint ; hon. secretary, Mr E J Hall ; hon. treasurer Mr Seger Owen; hon. legal al sitter, Mr E A White: representatives of the Associetion on the Coat cil. Messrs J C Parr, J .1 ernsfleld, Henry Greenall, .1 J Whitley, W Richardson, H P Densham, Roger C Parr, end Alderman Bennett ; representatives of the Association on the Senior Club Committee, Mr W P Itylands, Alderman Smethorst, Mr W W Westisell, Councillor Wilson, and Mr Thomas Mason ; representa- tives on the Junior Club Committee, Messrs E.l•iin Woods, Thomas Clayton, Ivan Fulton Smith, H Houghton. W jolleu, and R Done; delegates to the National Union, Meier. Harold Smith, W P Rylauds, and E J Hall. MR. SMITH AND THE POLITICAL POSITION

Mr. HAROLD Smrrit, who had a hearty reception, remarked that they achieved a signal victory at the last election in Warrington, and he thought they cold look forward for years to come for a repetition of that •ictory. (Applause). He pledged himself that when- ever there was any critical period, and he had to decide what was best for his country and their town, he would only vote for what the electors of Warrington !eaired their representative to do. He understood from the speech of the Prime Minister, made a few days ago.that they the Conservative party) wore going to be like a flock of lambs in the House of Commons, end sit quiet and peaceful awl happy when he brought forward his Parliament Bill and other meastires. If he suggested that the whole constitutional question MIA to he settled before the Coronation he bad strangely misunderstood his opponents and tics message that Southwest Lanca- shire had sent. Hear, bear, Ile promised the Prime Minister that

THE LriCA,Flpir S'I'LWARTs

would protest vehemently ageinst the destructive measures proposed. The longer they had to consider the Parliament Bill the more satisfied they were that. it teas without precedent and fraudulent. Mr. Atquith knew that bit only hope of placating Mr. John Redmond at this juncture was to postpone the House of Lords reform, which both per-ties admitted Was ' desirable, and NIT. Redmond knew that once there one la strong Second Chamber which had the confidence of the people Horne Rule was doomed. The Home Rule I proposals were as infamous and as dangerous as over ' they were, and the Premier dared not submit them so the people )/ means of the referendum or env other direct issue, become then the Finance Bill mould he opposed by the Nation ' alists which would lead to the Radicals being tumbled out ofoffioe. Com- menting upon the reciprocal agreement between the Cnited Stales and Canada, Mr. Smith said the Radicals reioiced awl cheered at the omission of any reference to the subject in the Kiag'a speech, because they thought it spiked the guns of the Tariff Reform party. All they thought of was party before country. Every listen treaty was entered into between any countries it proved the aturnen and foresight of Mr. Joseph Chamberlain when he said that the sands were running out. Sir. Asquith had described the proposals for Tariff Reform as t- one of the greatest impostures of the age,- but it was an )- imposture " which had been adopted and approved by every treat nation in the world except ourselves. (Cheers). If it was en impos- ture for us to advocate re.tiprocity and the power to erect tariffs why was it an imposture for France, Germmany, the United States, Rosin. Belgian), Jaren, sad every other great nation to do so. (Cheers.; The Colonials came over s few years ago and were been on the subject again. They said Do what we want to do with you. Impoatore you may call it hut we n-e any it is r, business proposal, and there is not one of MI who is not 1,10110. CO catty it out to a greater extent than it has been carried on is the past." Cheers.) It stars bad thing for England, which pro- duced so little of the food she coaatuned and was pro- ducing less and less every decade, to cheer the oppor- tunity which W. afforded to Canada of withdrawing even e portion of the food ripply she rent us, and instead of sending it to us to send it to _America. assuredly they would losable to any in a short time to the Radical Party "(Our food is coating us more 'wont. you clung to party shibboleths and not to facts and commoheense." . Hear, hear, and cheers.)

===== 0002601_19110218_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS

Old Age Pensions and Out-Relict.

The fortuiabtly meeting of the Warrington Bost.] of rThins was held at the Workhouse on Weduescley, : Mr. Mather presiding. There were were also ;present t—Mrs Collingwood, Mrs Slums., Revs T Matthews and A NI Mitchell, Messrs E L Bent, A J W Furness, W C Brooks, It Lee, J A it tisbworth. , J A Hughes, W Fianna., Ii W Set Po, J Billing°, A !Brooks, A Bottoutpley .clerk), It W Peacock r clerk).

F. K. BENSON SIIARF,IEAREAN ~.oMiy.tNl"., OFFER.

The CLIO.. 71;Olte4..t1;ti the— F.. 'H. —lie—O;on ESlkakesperean Conapany bad, through Dr. flodgkins-in, latimeted tbeir desire to give a pantomime entertain- ment for the inmates of the Workhouee onThuraday afternoon.

,-.71;t".-itiri;rti granted the neoessery permission, with a cordial expression of thanks tw the Company.

TIIE IOTTAEE '111.,.

.......... The Prolgate Cottage Homes Committee consi,lered the report of !LSI. Inspector who recently visited the school and the Soperiotendent was instronted to take notice of the statement that the abolition of simultaneous nnsvrering and all thet was involved in it wonlo increase the possibility of itoproveuartit in certain classes.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
_MR. BOW Ks. SA L ft V.

The Finance Committee, having carefully reviewed the whole circumstances in connection with Mr. Bowes' application for an increase of fishery. wore of opinion that in vidw of the acts that Mr. Borne. hod teen permitted to not rta regiatrar. Chit Fince his appointment as relieving crticer the district to. which be wig responsible had been greatly reduced in area. and that sincn the aystern of granting old age pensions had come into operation the number of oases on the out-relief lista in bin district hail been greatly reduced, ,it we. Inexpedient to increase hie salary es relieving !officer at preeent and that the considerttion of the matter he ndjourned for nix months with a view to , further experience of the effecta of the old age pension lelatem being gained. I Mr..lott.tv moved the confirmation of the mimes.. tie wad he did not wish to say anything to pre-judge the finnl consideration of the application. The ininutm stated the facts with scrupulous fairnetw and acmeracy and he truated tuey would be received without dismission. , Mr. Prli,S, seconded.

M. Rvr.notid7t-h-e...".ti-ciion of the committee.tene not

altogether what the Newton repreeentati yes hod wished. The Finance Committee might hove mode some arnall recommendnt ion but as they appeared to think it would not be the right policy to rlo Soot the present time the Newton committee were willing to waive the position they had taken up. lie hoped that on the expiration of sin months the committee would decide on some alter- Mr. FLO:AG IN said he was not in favour of the com- mittee'. recommendation and if it were approved he would probably bring forworrl a opecial notice of motion that an increFoio he granted. The Rey. A. M. M vl.l. said that sines the last meeting he had heard n great deal of discussion about the proposed grant. Many people had come to him in a rather complaining way and al gnifled that they thought it won not at all necessary or desirahle to grant the Increare. They based their argument to the fact that Mr. Bowes had hod no real increase of work and, further. that if be employed a clerk it would not he fair that he should merely he a clerk to tile relieving otiicer and not an ot)icial of the Board. lie t Mr. Mitchell) thought the Finance Committee had adopted a tobie policy. NI, FLANAGAN said he understood Mr. Bowes' work bad increased.

The Re, T. It. Morro r.ws said there wee likely to hen new pheme through which Mr. Bowes work would increase. In that event, would the Board he willing to greet hint the hack money ? Mr. .101., I, void the Finance Committee were Ow- lovely unanimous in their recommended.o. They did not arrive at the decision in eny perfunctory menner. Tony hrel a long interview with Mr. Barre., end they had extracted front the record. full end detailed infor- mation, and their report woo based on ton evidence submitted to them. The nitrite, were approved.

OLD AGE PENSIONS. EEPECT or REMOVAL Or PAUPER

Dl' EU A LIFE' AT lON

The CLERK submitted a return with reepect to the removal 1.1 the pauper tlinqualification for the old nge pension. The number of persons who were 70 years of nee on or before the 31st December, 1910, end who since thst date had receited old ego pensions and bad conned to he chargeeble to the Goarnitms wns rut follows :—Persone who received relief in Workhourea end other establishments, 11 men, 2 women; persons who received outdoor relief, 46 men, 141 WIMP, The cost in the lest complete week of out-relief to the above mentioned persons was £29 2s. 91. One men who wee entitled to the pension had eiuce returned to the House nod said he lucl no desire to iOlll7O again to draw the pension.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
MR ALFRED TENNYSON DICKENS. Forthcoming Lecture on " My Father's

Life and Works."

The Warringt in Pink:nitride Society is to be con- gratulated upon having arranged for the visit to Warrington of Mr. Alfred Tennyson Dickens, eldest surviving son of the late Chide, Dickens, who will lecture at the Parr Hall oa Tuesday. February 2ith. on "My father's life and works." Mr. Dickens was bore at Devonshire House, opp-site Marylebone Church, London, on the 2.Ath day of October. Irtls. In company with his three brothers (Frank. Sydney, and Harry) he was sent to irhool, first at Hautville, Hue de L,ratoire, fluilogne, remaining there five years, afterwards at Brackenbury's 11ilitary School, Wimbledon, where a cadetship in the East India . Company's service was procured for him which lapsed lin cmisequence of the East India Service being amalgamated widr the Imperial Service. Whilst at Wimbledon his father wae writing "Great Expectations," and Mr. Dickens well remember.: the book being discuseeri among the family. 1m1r,3 found Mr. Dickens in t,,e city with T. A. t hibb and Co., who dealt in tea, silk, &c. He served there for two years and then decided logo silt to Australia, at his father's desire. His brother Ted, the youngest of the family, joined him two years later, and Charles Dickens wrote the celebrated letter to hint on leaving. Ia IS7'd Mr. Dickens was manager of a station at Forbes on the Lachlan, where he had the pleasure of welcoming Anthony Trollope, whose son Fred had a station near. Mr. Dickens frequently bad letters from his father, the last one in " Lettere of Charles Dickens " is to him. For the last twenty years Mr. Dickens has been lecturing through Australia on "My lather's Life and Works" with enormOus success.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
QUEEN'S MESSAGE TO CHURCH ARMY

1.411.12 tory on Monday recei•ed Preiwrolary Carl ile, founder and chief secretary of the Church AM,. at Buckingham Palace. and gave him the following message to Church Army workers throughout the kingdom . .

" My sympathy goes out to nil the poor and dis- tressed people whom you are helping eel to the great work you aro doing for comforting them in their distress. Give a mekvage of encouragement from me to all Tour workers, and tell them that I sympathise with them in their ardootis nod Eli! ICUIt work. May God bless you and them, end all the sidiering men, women sad little childrer, who are looking 1., you for help this winter."

===== 0002601_19110218_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
A JOCKEY'S F'ORTI7NE.

Tommy Loates, the jockey, who won the De by 'on the Duke of Portland's Donovan in ibSO, an on !Colonel finery MiCsimont's Isinglass in Is 9, and for many years first jockey to 31r. Leopold In !Rothschild, who, it is sod, supervised his investrnis, left estate which has been sworn for probate at £7 :342 gr.., value, of which 1:74,113 is net personalty.

There are Scotch oats and Scotch oats To the Provost Mil come all of the best Scotland s oats, to prepared by our s cial processes for yo use as

===== 0002601_19110218_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
vev A 1 Scotch talavli 6, 4-

For flavour, richness and economy, therefore, no c oats of any kind can compared with Provost 0;

===== 0002601_19110218_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
2 1 7

o

LOCAL PARLIAMENT. JUVENILE EMPLOYMENT BILL PASSED.

Tariff " Reform " Resolution Next Week

The least controverobtl mossure yet introduced in our local Parliament was the Bill to regulate the conditions 14 juvenile employment, which formed the subject of discussion at the weekly meeting of the tVerrington Ptah:km.3ool,y Debating Society in the enirmstreet church parlour on Teeaday evening. It wee under- ace! that the specie] object of the detente wee to Rive the younger member, the oppmtunity of tenting their oratorical powers, Out the arrangement seemed to hove the effect of scaring au ay many of the" rising hopes " of the vatic,oe platten, the attendance being much smeller than ustrd.

;The 11cr OS.: ;at, It N Mr. W. H. Hartley, Skipton), . in introducing the Bill, said one of the .44dt-et eighta in our streets was the string of human advartimmenta called sands ichines. Many of them were able-bodied and Man age when their earning power should best ! its gel:sweet, but thmugh lack of prover training awl : something better to do, they were willing to work for la. rd. a any. flow were these human derelict. 'manu- factured ? Most of them attended school 1100 they were thirteen years of age. They were the eons of caned labourer, or slum dweCers and whilst at school they received a 113i01,1,101 of meted knowledge at • maximum cost. %Oxen they left school, their parents aver, not sulficiently interested in them to trouble about their getting soy regular occupation and the boys were left to won, out their own destinies unadvised end oneided. They sttained the spot aloe- teen or twenty without hoeing done a hard day's work in their bees, anal consequently they developed into loafers. Work it a habit end not an instinct. Laughter). The object of the Bill NMI to tench boys the hebit of work and if they did not take to it naturally they would be forced. We must remedy the snot., of human material which intle st prment a dis- grace to our civilization We had no right to cornplein of the declining birth rate when we did not make the bent use of the existing population sod allowed thonsands of our youths to become a memoo to society. It might L. said that by teaching the loafer, to wore they would overstock the Wool, nese keL That con- tention could be refuted, bemuse if half the community were !miters, of whatever clam, end half of them were workers' the latter nsturelly hal to keep the former class, end the output was only half what if would be if everybody worked. The Bill wes deaigoed to take the boy •1 the most critical time of his life and give him a feir chance if he would take it. lie admitted that the liberty of the subject would brinier- bred with, but that principle operated in existing legislation. The Bill was, however, Perotective as well as coercive. It not only made the boy work but it protected him from the teriscrupolous employer whose greed for wealth led hire to eruploy a boy until be hid art further need of him and then throw Lim oaths scrap-heap. Another advantage of the Bill wee that it did not create Pi large army of "011ciele. Most Liberal measures were brought in with the idea of lading work for relative. and friends of the member. e Laughter end 'Oh, e.h.'') The Labour leureaux had up to the present proved a c.,mplete tee, no vi —but under the new Bill all effort would ho made to pet them to a useful purpose. If open leaving school. it inn fumed that neither the boy nor his guardians were able to had him suitable employment, the Labour Bureau otficer weedd have power to piece him in sock employment if possible. In the event of no vacancy occurring within a reasonahle time in toe chosen trade, or them being other seticient reasons fur no alteration being made, it should be within the power of hie guardians and the Labour Bureau ollcer to choom otter suitable occupation for him. Bee thing he the spanker) admired about the Liberal, Ives the readinees with which they absorbed the ideas of their political opponents. (Laughter.) His Bill was duxa up a month ego end be fouled it was to hr acted upon by the prment Liberal Government weth remr. to the employment ofmemengers at the 'Post °ince. Laughter.) One of the moat fruitful causes of the ruin of our youths men the comma which the streets held out. Leder the Bill attendance at evening con- tionstion schools would be compulsory until the hey reached an age when be cenld appreciate the value of eduation. (Applause). Mr..Xl A': it EY 1 Fe.losauegh), seconded.

•1:( Harbour), said that if the Liberels bed introduce.' the measure, the C•inserva. Si veil would bare branded it as Socinlintic and fall of Lloyd-Georgisma. (Laughter.) Two-thirds of tbe meson for the Socialiat propaganda was to be found in the fact that children were being mane into casual labourers then causing poverty arid unemploynnitt which it was almost impossible to cJpe with on reasonable litre, The Hill was not, party measure; the greater part of it was common.sense derived from the intelligence of the pe-role at large. He wished to know whether the scheme would apply to Ireland, as there were still many people who were for red to leavo that country to seeks livelihood. It did not nncenreirilv follow that a schoolmaster would be the begt qllO i fled to any what employment a boy was suitable fur. The father otiiibt ' to have the predominant IMltience iu the raiiica of

Mr. Casio ,C., Bootle', said 30 per cent. of the boys leering the elementary schools hat their eimcatiou because they took up positions which required no brain work. That fact, together with the operations of the Liberal Government which wee playing havoc with the country—, leughteri—accimnted for the greet number of men who were to-day propping up lamp posts (Laughter.) They had no trade in their fingers and tney were also hampered by the trade of the country being in such a prior state. (laughter., The LEADER Or Tire OgrciarrioY (Mr. E. Vytine Jones, said that bad he been inclined to move an amendment it would hare been to the effect that the Bill he read on February 14th, 1020, because there iva. 'no much work to be done before such a measure could Ire(droved on the statute hook. They would have to see that the workers of the country hail minimum I wage and that the people who had to provide education I had the wherewithal to do an. He had learnt I something in that Howie—for instance, that work can a habit and not Cu instinct. (A Voice °A very lad habit.") lie considered that work vas an instinct awl it was by work that we had been able to make any progress in this country. It was said that Liberal logisletion provided posts for the friends of Liirals. The C .oservatives moat have very 'Abc'tro'f"l.9.rileifelti.hreirutheal'ai eortetonat the %tar. bureaux had prov.rl a failure. While alleging that they were useless, the Home Secretary was ready to utilise them in his own Bill. It would be very difilcult to force the attendance of children at school until they re fifteen. He 'agreed that the Bill contained many d points. It was said that if they wanted to lop a genius they must begin with his grandfather ything me could to with the children of to-cay and t a henefit coming eenerations. He wee glad servatives admitted that social question. had to with. lo the present 11111 they mere going d the Socialists. I.ughter.) The bottom had ,<lted out of their Imperialistic ideas, so re turning to social reform. Tao question of with the young must no longer be left to It was the duty of the State to see that the properly carer for. If • child wanted breed the use of giving him arithmetic ? If he bath, what was the use of teaching bun tee the riorri iii the country ? Toros was he important question as to whether, oy to State compulsion in this mimeo, not to some extent taking sway the seta* of and independence ehich arm absolutely o the nation's welfare. lime were 10 Imve on he would much prefer the form advocated Bill than the couseript(on to which he was e Conservatives were pledged. In the long Id cost far less moor) than woold be ?vitrified unf men away at the time they should her and give them compulsory militare training. SnAliel.Y.S C.. Wakefield) mipportad the Bill protected the youth from the see of thirteen me when his trade on, on could take care of are on a danger in allowing the officer of the rear, to have too much voice in selecting t for a boy. For instance he would cot,

A

v.,,i

===== 0002601_19110218_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
C

x

likely to ray that a boy of floe, rtaltvart physique would make& good lawyer. (Laughter). •no, • Mr. W.. 1) IVALKER (1., Bermondsey t said that tic. Bill W.lll worthy at any party. lie was giail the HOMO Secretary bed taken the boll by the horns and gone in for real social lag•slation. On loaning achool now-, )I.y. many boye drifted hit,. little group% banging ibout atseet chopti and atteet corners, study ing the not:ball DOW. and smoking cigarette. which did them • lot of harm. Ile would be glad if the liongrorugat, wnuld make it illegal to smoke hefore a certain age— he was not partiouler whether the limit wee twenty- one, thirty-one, or oven forty-one years. (Laughter.) Juvenile, .hould be prevented from engaging in street trading and other preatrious form of employment. Tee Bill would protect not only Malloy hut the private trader who auffered front the competition of the atmt trader and had often ilithcolty in making end. meet. Mr. Ms cast. (17 ,N. Fermanagh) commended the pro- virion of the Bill a high gave schoultueaters a voice in selecting employment for bo,• on less-inn school. Mr. Ftgri'tthit C., Camberwell) said the Bill might be improved upon, hut it .I.llllsCiellt to be going on with. Personally he favoured compuleory roilartry training.. well as compnlsory education. The Bill, however, could not do Ita full measure of good work unless there wee an alteration of the fiscal syatent. , I.atighter. A Von 's It'. here maim". Ile could IMMO the !louse tbat Tariff !reform was not dead.

ocoo. The Hoeg SLCRITARY. in replying to the point. mixed, mid that, likeiiiog Ch wife it heel, tariff reform came up in all •Itt4 Of unexpected pieces. Wsughter.) Ile did not see why the Hill eboultl not apply to Ireland. A. a rule, we treated that country better than the root of tile Unite! Kingdom With regmil to the Lae-off Bureau., he contended that the Government pueiticot created by thenche,o. were rooetly filled with Ulu friend. of Nlr. Lloyil.oeorge and Mr. Chorchill.

Mr.W .1000 to nicking ninatement like thaLtbe Home Secretary. should glen ue proof. Lot him prove tent one particular friend of Nlr. Council'll or Mr. Lloyd George has tem Arpoinied to sorb • port. Thu Hon!: SVilfir:T•lo- mid he could give an iniitlince of a gentleman in NIL Lloyd George'i conntitneecy who worked hard for the Chancellor during the election and who had received •n appointment in London at £3Oll a year, his only glielidestiOn Irein• but he weir • friend of Mr. Lloyd George 'NI, Wynne Junes "Mich"). An editor of n South Wale. paper was also found a posith, ion Government elle, for the same reason. Ile (Mr. Ilartioyl hal lived in Mr. Lloyd George's constituency and it was iplite art understood thing that people who had berm friendly with him and who hnd worked for bito had been found positiooe Mr.Wr 000 Are yen aware that the frienin of the Lords have got more out of the national exchequer Ginn they have contributed to it in revenue 't Th. ilottß Stir RFT Air : liberal Lords , Mr. Wrong. JONEs :no Tory lordn. Thera was no division, the Bill being passed antral- mouldy.

TARIFF 'REFORM " RESOLUTION.

Next Tuesday evening the following resolution will discusreil

nix House, being of opinion that on, piceent !bend 'Weal iv no longer ithiptel to the regoiremeutv of the country in view of the changed condition of interna- tional commerce. resolves

(I) rhea s system of preferantisl tariffs between this country end the I:olonies inoteld he dopted in order to promote the conanierci•l sad industrial union of the Empire. (2) Tilsit dale. !Mould he Imposed upon the importa- tion of foreign nesuufectirres into Great Britoil] lind Ireland by wuich means *lone it will In possible to eneure more work end tatter wages for or po"ple.

1 Davis Vlllollli. cut . r0,....,..a DESTROYS RATS & MICE iDANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., 1,,,t

IfORLICR HEALTHY 81 HAPPY

are the children that are reand on Horlick's Malted Milk. A. a bone. bratn and muscle-forming food. Horlick.• It Lnsurptitsed. It suits the ST,llOl' CIII. as wtli the I,FLICATE one. and ran be given from the earcst days of infancy. Horlicle• is told by all Chemists and SC,retin powder form. .ind is prepared in an instant by the A 111.774,1 crone.. No added asillis required. In bottles lie, 26. 111/. Samples sent on application bp -ire,. Na, MlL.k

sgmington's

_ Coffee Essence

11 *At s:ough, Lucks MALTED MILK

===== 0002601_19110218_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
et ma ihmlells rill Nona, 1.,1 far tam

red from the choicest dna the natural flavor the coffee be-

CURES ALL SKIN & BLOOD DOD&

is prepare and retains .o.cineralr and fragrance of ...- _ iean. It is. absolutely free f7om iolulteration. Remember there is no tber coffee essence to ' equal Symington's. say Synsinalores • - • to >.,.. gn...., _. • i ANEMIA . N • Glarkels .Blood .. .. Mixture iPoo e.osnong t... ~.n.ol of all lynotel. 1. n"/7ottrr":oji'n':7-I:r..V.Zat".l"/:::E.• , Dula, lharrac—tnat.'• why U. so rot, ,soom of Foam.. 1114 Loc.. A......... 11,.•. ^or. , ti 01l 1,..d.• ''',;• 4. G1a....1-.lsf horlll.[.. Blood P 0,030 o` v-wo. (..u,. Iro. a La. olllooto4 trr , mrro orlon all ottor 1.”1.. It odl do Lio moo too vet 1 E 8

===== 0002601_19110218_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Agriculture.

MAT.';sr....°%rdß;llaegfr ‘7.111..`'M S2ed, together with the Freehold Property connected there. with.—For further _particulars apply to Mr. DAVID THOMAS, Solicitors, Listened. (HEAP Garden Seed Potatoes, fine stocks, lista free. CAIIBRIDOS CO., 29, Waterbeach, Cambridge.. TO BE SOLD. A Di sore fruit plantation. Choicest young fruiting trees, very good land—W. G. NEWALF., kil.hsw, Winsford, Cheshire.

ITIIIRF LOAM, Kettering old dbry, for Carnatioes. Mums, die.; 21s. ton; truck loads delivered Chmbire sod S. Lance.-3. DON, Park row, Noumea/tin SEEDS.-50 Sweet Pees Free on orders 25., flower or vegetable; prizes won; catalogues free.— WINTER. Seedarnen,Leigb-on-Sea, Essex.

WALKER'S Exhibition Onion, in packets. 7d., and Y Is. Id., post free. The but on the market for Exhibition, Market Work and General Cultivation. Direct from the Raleer, Jorix WALK en, Theme, Oxon, PATENT EXTRACT GUANO Co., 130, Idle rd., Bradford, York supplies Nitrates and Ammonia. Promotes Bacteria activity. Nature's Helpmeet. In bags 14Ibs. 1/. 9.81b5. 1/9 56Ihs. 33 1121bs. 5/6 carriege paid. Cash with order. Special quotations for quantities.

SEEDS THAT GROW. VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS.—GREAT PRIZE COMPETITION. FREE GIFT. Se o Illustrated Catalogue post free. JOHN HARDING, F.R.H.S., (Late Letts A Harding) Beadsman, 150, WEST HADDON, RUGBY.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Medical

PILES Cured. Edwards'. wonderful remedy Is. led —Lee. Si, King William et.. City, London. HOW to once Deafness, particulars free.—Waasren, 29. High it., To Law, County Durham. I ndigestion, Billiousnee, Constipation, and all Liver trouble.; remedy, reliable and safe, sent post free Is.—D. ALLEN, 70, Station rd., Wesldstone, :gds.

HARRY.—Your friend is quite correct. The 'Orchid' razors are made for light, medium, or heavy shav- ing and are unequelled.—OßClllD MANUFACTURING CO. 146, Broad st., Birmingham. But all ironmongers and Cutlers supply them. No, there is nothing better made 11101/LOUSES direct hoe. manufacturer.—Two smart 1-10 Blooms for 3s. 6d., shop price 2s. 6d. end 3s. 64. each. Send to-day. Green, Brown, Navy, Hello, Saxe. —GRANT, 213, Ilsrehills lane, Leede.

17OU want to Make Money? Then purolmme an J. " Racal" Firelighter machine and start in a buaineea that will be A 300.006..—EXCEL MACIII NE CO. Min Hill it., Blackburn.

rpo all purchasers of our celebrated Safety Beeor 1 fitted with 3 Blades post free for N. 3d., we will present a handsome Strauti Fountrou Cm valued 5. G. Kooco & Co ,23, Brookly rd., Shepherds Bush. QPRING CLEANING.—Garpnte thoroughly cleansed, 1.7 colour restored by mattering slightly damp com- position end brushing with yard broom. Send I. for trade recelpt.—WiLtratts, 154, Gadsby, at., Nuneaton.

rro those interested in C,anads 12 beautiful Postcards 1 of Canada mailed free upon receipt of money order for le.—CANADiax POWTCARD CO., 1436, /Moor West Toronto, Caned,.

'Xcr Gold Fountain Pen for 6d. Genuine offer not a competition, send postcard, no money, for partioulars.—CnowN PEN, Dept. L, 49, Kbyterille rd., Forest Data, Leodou. SILVER WATCHES FREE. Send a postcard for particulars of a genuine opportunity of earning a Sterling Silver Ladies or Gents watch aloolnely free, jest for selling 4 coupons,—Pitsm ran SUPPLY CO., 444, Hegel., rd., Hull. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARIES. OUR 7 DOW tunes for 1911 will make your services bright and attnictive ; write at once for free specimens. MAN, IIEhTICR SCNDAY SCHOOL UNION, 5, John Dalton at., Mauchester.

• articulars of Cures, Treatments, Earths. wanted fo Muni...re—HEALTH AGENCY, 7. Somerwat at., W TIOW TO CURE DEAFNESS.—Particulars free.— 11 WEBSTER, 29 High st., Tow-Law,County Durham. ▪ ECIPE free for delightful hair tonic, promote. IA growth, making hair soft, glossy, luxurious Stamped addreased euvelope.—Zsi G LER Co., 24, Broad- way, Maidstone.

CATARRH Sufferers. Send 2n. 6d., for copy of V specialists £3 3a,prencription, ingredient cost lid.. 'natant relief.—J. PARRY. MlLatdaatarell Agent, Prestwich, Manchenter.

ACCOUCHEMENT.—ComfortabIa APARTMENTS moderate terms—By letter Mrs. L. WILLIAMS 2, Trevelyan Terrace, Rini, at., Bangor, North Wale..

SCIATICA CURE.—Try Keye's Lotion, 2,ll,iocluding postage.—J. KAYE. Castlefolds Market, Sheffield. To Mr. J. Kaye. L'4, Somerset Street, Sheffield. Dear Sir, Dec. nici, 1910. I can testify to the wonderful Curlog Properties of " Sciatica Lotiou,' for I could not walk home ; bed to taken home in a Cab. After ming your Lotion for three days was at business again without the Cab Yours truly, (Signed) E. KAWDING.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS

"'AVE bee.n.u-n-ire-reTally--;dm—itte7il.-tO--be Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy Anamia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling niter Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, I rregnlsritiee and all Femsle Ailments. Boxes in. 13d., 2. 9d., 4.6 d and li.. (Sample sent free). Only addrem :-309 PORTOBELLO ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON

, Dm lAINT Ready raised 10Ib. tins, sm. 6d. Why pay A. more. Two tins carriage paId.—WROLLSALE PAINT WARRHOCSIII, 23. Stanley mt.. Macclesfield.

64 P'PhGemE,B‘PK;shootd ILErßoßoSe.alurifuo7n.t4r., The Herbalist, 144, Ricomond r., Cardiff. Establisima 1979 QOM', Id. per lb. in bars, White and Carbolic for washing purposes, 3611 m. So. P.O.—Address BRITANNIA SOAP INORRS, Wissn.—Name paper. SUIT and Costume lengths from 124., Overooatln 7..6d. Carriage paid. Latest patterns free. A length out. Dept.2,E. WAVERLEY TwEEn Co., Hawic Scotland.

cIENTLENIAN BLIND FIVE YEARS.—Now see 1 a... 7 mad anything. Cored himself. Remedy s lam for Cataracts, Whits Speck., &a, Particulars —Litoorrr, Elms, Wisbach.

fx.' a VULCAN, fitted upcomplete,painted Fn tif 'ar grey, Immediate delivery •, 20 h p Sp/ Vauxhall, for immediate delivery, fitted up compl, 8 h p Renault Spare Wheel, 5 Lampe, Rood and for 445 ; 2 Cylinder Brazier Spare Wheel, Lampe, —MMISET MOTOR CO., LTD., Birkenhead.

BLOUSE LENGTHS : Delaines, Woven Zeph Mercerised Sateen; Voiles, Fancy Spotted Striped Mnelion Print., White Learn end Comb Flannelettes,also Melton Cloths and Turkish Towel direct from the mills : large sample parcels of abo 55., 10s., 20e. or specially assorted bales £2 1t,., carriage paid, worth double, end sell easily.—Send at once to ADCOCK AND Co., The Wholesale Wareho 121, Cannon at,, Manchester.

JOHN WALKER & CO. LTD. PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY. STREET.

The Examiner Saturday February 18. 1911

===== 0002601_19110218_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Zcuteauon.

ILK BUSINESSES FOR SALE with or withM or without cows ; various prices, .C5O to £6OO ; seaside, country or town.—Nliu.sa, 31, Edge lane, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
IKENDAL IMILNE

MANCHESTER

‘URNITURE, DECORATION .ARPETS, CURTAINS.

TELEGRAMS, - KENMIL"

TELEPHONE,

Horses. Carriages, Live Stock

===== 0002601_19110218_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 19. 1911

The minds of the THE HOME RULE most experienced DEBATE. members of the House of Commons must have been carried back on Wednesday in a tumult of recollections. The Opposition raised the Home Rule question on all amendment to the Address. There must have sprung to many men's eyes the picture of Mr. GLADSTONE, with ,his eagle face, his piercing and searching eyes, his deep, rich voice, capable of all modulations, moving the second reading of the first Home Rule Bill. Since that time "the seas have rolled between." How much has been changed • in the interval in respect of the Home Rule question? Mr. WINSTON CHURCHILL gives us the best answer. Home Rule is now discussed in a different atmo- sphere, and even in a new climate. Most of the old hostile arguments are not only worn thin, but are disused. Ways of putting things that roused passion in former days are listened to with a certain cold indifference. Fires that burned fiercely heretofore have died down into ashes that are now scarcely warm. "Where,' asked Othello, "is the supernal spark that will that light re-ilumine ? " There can be no more beating up the old anti-Home Rule feeling to incan- descence. The time for mere windy and uncontrolled rhetoric has gone by, even if the disposition to consider the matter calmly has not yet arrived. The Opposition amendmert was on lines that have long been familiar. The Opposition wants the details of the Home Rule Bill to play with. That is the long and short of it. On Wednesday Mr. lAN MALCOLM and Lord HUGH CECIL attempted with much ingenuity to make it appear that Ministers are not acquainted with their own intentions, and that the Irish party has no reason to be satis- fied with any declarations that have been made, On th 3 last point, of course, Mr. JOHN REDMOND is a better authority than Lord HUGH CECIL, and he said that the Nationalist party is in no way distressed or confused about the intentions of the Govern- ment. It understands what Mr. ASQUITH said at the Albert Hall, and it believes alike in his ability and his sincerity. Great legis- lative measures are, of course, not produced, or at any rate are not produced long, in advance of their introduction to the House of Commons. The Prime Minister can have left no doubt in the House as to the absolute clearness of his mind on the course that is to be taken, and even Mr. O'BRIEN announced that he does not doubt Mr. ASQUITH'S sincerity. All that he does doubt is the power of the Ministry to pass the Bill. Surely this is a motive, not for speeches that are in the nature of obstacles, but for deter- mining to "wait and see." It was a brilliantly persuasive and high- minded speech which came from Mr. WINSTON CHURCHILL He reminded the House that, since the two former Home Rule Bills were before Parliament, questions have been settled that have been harassing British Governments for generations past. There has been a long procession of Irish remedial measures. Even within the last five year!,

prodigious things have happened. "South Africa has happened," said Mr. CHURCHILL, referring to the great Act of Union which has taken place on what must no longer by too broad a generalisation be described as the" Dark Continent." Home Rule no longer presents itself in the guise of the early 'Eighties.' The situation is illumined by the South African solution of a similar, and as it seemed, a more difficult problem. Is the Irish settlement to be postponed, Mr. CHURCHILL asked, by further conflicts between Liberal and Tory' Is nothing to be done by Parliament as a whole? If only principle could be placed before passion and rancour, Home Rule, he maintained with great elositence and force, should be the gift, not of a party only, but of the nation. How- ever, Mr. BALFOUR had declined to join in the South African settlement, and he had been supported by his party. That was a fact of which history would make disapprov- ing note. 'The party opposite will have another chance," said the HOME SECRETARY, in the closing sentences of a speech which was a high appeal for patriotic conduct. "Don't" he added, "choose wrongly again."

We are definitely MR. ROBERT informed that Mr. PIERPOINT. Robert Pierpoint, the

. - late-Conservative mem- ber for Warrington, has purchased a house in Cleveland-square, Hyde Park, London, and will, ere long, forsake St. Austin's for the metropolis. The news will, we are sure, be learned with regret by a great majority of the townspeople of Warrington whatever their political shade or colour. Mr. Pierpoint was something more than the representative of a party. During his thirty years active association with the progress of the community—nearly 14 of which were spent as Parliamentary representative—Mr. Pierpoint earned ths warm regard of all Warringtonians, and the coming severance is one to be deplored. One does not need to recapitulate the chain of cir- cumstances which have led to Mr. Pierpoint taking the step he has done. His treatment by the Conservative Party has become a. bye-word, and the suggestion at Monday's meeting of the Conservative Association that Mr. Pierpoint should be made a Free- man of the Borough comes with little grace from such a source. The party should have done Mr Pierpoint honour while he was in its midst, and manifested in a more tangible and personal form the regard for him which is so fulsomely expressed at such a late hour.

The Guild of Help is CHARITY IN gradually findings firm WARRINGTON. place among Warring- ton Institutions,though at the present moment it is so far from being self-supporting that a certain amount of pessimism about its future might be excused. The list of subscribers is disappointing, and were it not for some handsome donations the Society would be" in Queer-street." It seems to us that the Guild will be crippled both in its work and its finances unless some modes rivendi is found which will ensure co-operation between the various existing charitable organisations in Warrington and the new corner. It is not unnatural that the older societies feel an objection to being grouped together—departmentalised under one head, so to say—but they should be willing to admit and realise that more efficient and valuable work can be done if they are working shoulder to shoulder instead of competing in public almsgiving. The ideal arrangement would be for all to unite, but if this is too much to expect, then we hope the ladies and gentlemen concerned will give full consideration to the value of at least co-operating with the Guild and putting charitable work on such a footing that it will not be largely wasted through too much diffusion of the common aim.

There is disquieting EDUCATION RATE news for the Warring- RISING, ton ratepayers this week. The Education Committee is once more called upon to take stock of its financial requirements and the " Budget " to be submitted at the monthly meeting on Monday evening flex twill involve an increase in the call on the rates by that authority of nearly 21d. in the L. The total estimated deficiency on the ensuing year's working is £21,756 175., but the committee has built up such a substantial working balance that only £20,500 is to be provided from the Borough rate, as against £lB,OOO for the year just ended. Last year's education rate was is. 41d. in the —a reduction ofd. on the previous twelve months—and as a penny rate produces £l,OBO, the new figure will roughly be Is. VA. The chief cause of the increased deficiency is easily apparent. The abolition of fees in the elementary schools deprives the committee of a source of income which last year was estimated to produce £1,600. Another indirect result of this bold step by the authority is an advance in the amount payable for rent of buildings from £BO to £266 occasioned by the conversion into Council schools of the Cairo-street and Thewlis-street schools which were previ- ously under voluntary management. The salaries payable to teachers in the elementary schools will absorb £31,245 as against £30,755 last year and the possible grant to War- rington Grammar School accounts for an additional I:200. A significant fail is that the Government grant from customs and excise—commonly called " whisky money" —is expected to yield only £630 as compared with £B5O. The steady decline in this source of revenue of late years can only ho attributed to increased sobriety—a pleasing sign at which even the long-suffering rate- payer who has to pay the piper will not be disposed to cavil.

The most dramatic "INCURABLE incident of the debate SLOPPINESS." on the Address arose out of Mr. Austen Chamberlain's attempt to prove that Tariff Reform would have averted this Reciprocity Agreement between Canada and the United States. Mr. Austen Chamberlain quoted what he declared to be an utter- ance of Sir Wilfred Laurier's in the Canadian Parliament. Under Mr. Asquith's searching cross-examination the fabricated testimony collapsed. The passage came from a correspondent's message in the "Standard "—there was not a trace of it in the official report of the speech. It was a mere " Yellow Press " invEntion, the kind of thing by which the Tariff Reform Press has sedulously striven toimislead the public. Of course Mr. Austen Chamberlain has been grievously misled. It was really " hard lines" on him. But he should have known better than trust his own " Yellow Press," and Mr. Asquith crushingly pointed out that this was only a typical case of the "incurable sloppiness" about matters of fact which has characterised the Tariff Reform agitation throughout.

A fter all, the great 'TS WEIGH MORE importance of the HAN ARGUMENT. Agreement lies in some thingbeyond argument. .nts and circumstances weigh down the 4 cogent argumer ts in the scales of 'mon sense. The Agreement shows that most elaborate Preference system could overturned in the twinkling of an

by any foreign country which, cad of bargaining about recipro- simply throws down its tariff 1. Tariff Reformers say that the Agree- it will take the Canadian corn into the tted States which we need. But if the ited States take off their tariff, without bargain at all, what Preference would p Canadian corn for this country? Not not 55., no, nor 10s. But while we have whole corn supply of the world to draw TI, we need not trouble ourselves about ling fiscal arrangements in this country that. The Tariff Reformers want to ire us so dependent on our source of ply that anything which affects it would In starvation for us.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
to s , '0,...* ~:o• or 41.,;07' 2.1. #, di,' j. 4k,..„.:4 ~'!..

PNHSL

===== 0002601_19110218_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS. i

his is not usually the silly season, but harem skirt has made it so. Ladles have n mildly mobbed in Paris, Madrid, and idon for appearing in the new bi-sexual b, and the newspapers have made it an iir of international importance.

fr. C. F. G. Master-man, Under Secretary 1 the Home Office, speaking at Stratford on urday, said the Parliament Bill was ng to pass the Lords whether they liked a. not, and it would become law this year le hoped before the Coronation.

'he day of reckoning with the House of rds is at hand! The Veto Bill is to be roduced on Tuesday and sent finally to the rds early in May. But before the Corona- , says the Premier, it has to he passed 3 law. There will be wigs on the green, I coronets in the dust during the next r weeks. • •

ast week the Labc:Ur Party in the House ,ught forward the question of unemploy- nt by way of the" right to work " amend- nt on the address. Not only did the tour members not allege Free Trade is in way the cause of unemployment, but rejected with scorn the suggestion that problem could be in any way alleviated Tariff Reform.

t is worthy of no-te.th-at in exhaustive the port of the Poor Law Commission there is suggestion of the problem of unemploy- nt being in any way due to our system of Trade. Neither does Tariff Reform find smallest place among the measures pro- ;ed for the solution of such a problem.

Striking, though no novel, facts in regard the poverty of some livings in the Church England were brought out by the Bishop Gloucester in a sermon on Sunday, at Ay Trinity,Chelsea, on behalf of the Queen ctoria Clergy Fund. He said that in hi. 'n diocese, out of a total of 320 so-called ivings," more than 140 had the net income less than £2OO per annum, and of these er 30 were under £lOO.

* * Mr. Harold Smith, M.P., and Mr. Handel oth, M.P. (Pontefract) both indulged in naiden speeches" in the House on Thurs- y. There was an element of comedy about , e proceedings. The Pontefract gentleman ge in his wrath and belaboured the offending Warrington Corporation Bill. r. Harold followed immediately, picked up e battered remains, and saved the comedy an ending in tragedy. The little scene is very well played by the two young nnbers, and suggested careful rehearsal.

The Home Office have issued a statement flouncing the formation of the new central sociation for the aid of discharged prisoners. ie combination is sought under one direct- authority of all the influences, whether force or of friendship, which can be used guide and aid the discharged prisoner. To is end representatives of various philan- ropic societies already concerned with cling prisoners will co-operate with the rthorities through the new agency, which ill take cognisance and control of all dis- larged convicts. The new arrangement ill involve the suspension, except in Isuitable cases, of the "ticket of leave" 'stem of police supervision.

The Rector of Warrington has very •operly referred to the unenviable promin- ute of the borough in regard to drunkenness id suggests that people should not drink ,tween meals, and that the number of tblic-houses should be reduced. Both are ?ry admirable suggestions in their way, but fficult to translate into tangible results. aly education, teaching, and example can tange the habits of the people, and to bring le number of public-houses into the line ith the requirements of the community proper public control of the licensed trade. it received less bolstering from both Church id State the way would be easier.

• "' • Where the Tory party has made its most rious error in recent years has been in not tening to Alderman Bennett. In the rrent issue of the "Sunrise Annual" the Iderman—or a pen very like his—tells us: Chet madness of the House of Lords in rowing out the Budget has brought about e penalty we feared. We personally arned the party leaders of the dangers they ere running; but they listened to the cophants who lied to them instead of to the ,nest friends who dared to give expression unpalatable truths,and,in a sense,although e bitterly lament the situation, their blood upon their heads." Some people in ondon have evidently failed to realise that le real hub of the Universe is Warrington! • •

According to Alderman Bennett, " the isis which now faces the country is the reatest in the history of all civilised ations." Apparently the doom of aristo- stic rule in France and the bloody revolu- on which followed, are to be put in the lade when the free men of England relegate le hereditary house of Peers to its proper ace in the State. If the Alderman is really bsessed by such nightmares he is more ervous than we had imagined.

The February Tariff Reform Monthly otes repeat the out of date and discredited ,atement of Count Komura that because ritain is a Free Trade country, therefore, span could not enter into a Reciprocity reaty with her. This, in spite of the fact iat the Prime Minister, the Foreign Minister id the President of the Board of Trade, as ell as the Japanese Foreign Minister, have ated that the negotiatigns of a Treaty are •ogressing favourably. So far from there lug no room for a Treaty between Great ritain and Japan, the Japenese Minister edicts that such a Treaty will be the first be negotiated. Negotiations with other

countries are not so far advanced as are the negotiations between Japan and Great Britain.

"The Voluntary system," said Mr. Haldane at Bournemouth on Saturday, 'is not only the one we have choeen, but the only one we could choose." That we believe to be the root of the matter, and it is well that the Secretary of State for War should say so thus firmly for the benefit both of his countrymen and of all others with whom "military conversations" may be held. A compulsory service army would strike a fatal blow at the expeditionary force that we must have and is a superfluity for Home Defence, which must always depend on the command of the sea, subject to security against raids. If our Governments were reckless, we might, of course, be committed to a European policy which would require the backing of-a conscript army on the Continental model, and this, we believe, is the real, if unavowed, object of the military school which calls for compulsion. That, for reasons which we have argued at length at other times, we believe to be a fatal deflection of our true policy; and if it were brought about, we should, in our opinion, be weaker and not stronger as a world Power. As Mr. Haldane said on Saturday. the analogies from Continental Powers with land frontiers

to defend are entirely misleading for the Island Empire.—" Westminster Gazette."

===== 0002601_19110218_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARS.

Crostleld's Quartette Party.

At a quartette euntest promoted by the Lieber land Silver Prize Band. and held at Liverpool on Saturday, Crosfield's (Warrington) vere awarded timt prize; Gossages.(Widnes) No. IParty, second; and Foden's .. . .. .

(Sandbach) No.l, third. Saddam Death. At eight o'clock oh Sunday morning Thomas White (70), an ironworker, who resided with his stemma, Mr. George Perry, in Allen-street, was found dead on the kitchen floor. It appears that on Saturday uight, he said he felt ill and wr old sleep on the kitchen sofa. The Coroner has decided not to holden inquest, death being due to natural cause:...

illirst Drive at the Liberal Club. Another highly successful whist drive was held at the Liberal Club on Thursday evening. The large billiard room bad been tastefully decorated with plants by the club manager (Mr. Randles) and looked very btight and attracvve. There was an lattendance of 130. The (Intim, of M C.'s were discharged by Measrs.Firth Lindley,Ellis Clare and F. Chambers. After many interesting games, the hdlowing were declared the prize winners :—Gentlemen : I, Mr. T. Wallington 2, Mr. Rose ; consolation, Mr. Gibaon. Ladies 1, Mn. T. Wallington; 2, Mrs. Pemberton; 3, Miss Perry. Mrs. J. T. Locker pre- sented the prizes to the surceeeful players. The catering man in the hands of Atkinson's Cafes, Ltd. under the personal supervision of Mrs. Atkinson, and gave the utmost satisfaction.

Literary and Philosophical Society. The Rev. F. W. Remick, M.A., lectured on " Machiavelli ' to the members of the Literary and Philosophical Society on Monday evening, in the Masonic Hall, Bold-street. Mr. W. Silcock, presided over a good attendance. The Lecturer gave a vivid sketch of Machiavelli's life, but referred more parti- cularly to his book' The l'rince " which wad, he said, perhaps one of the writer's best known works and hest misinterpreted. The Lecturer regarded " The Prince " as a characteristic product of the age and he showed that the real significance of the renaissance was that of a great mental emancipation without any corresponding advance in the sphere of morality. I All the misinterpretations of " The Prince "were due I to the ignoriag of the actual conditions under which it was written It had a definitely circumscribed set of political circumstances in view and it was plainly a mistake to regard it as a manual of tyranny. The writings of Machiavelli, unrivalled as an analysis of contemporary politics, were also an interpretive prophesy of later European history.

. • - LAWN MOWERS ground by special machinery ; send your machines now before the rush.—.l. S. °ARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt

Wash Literary Society,

. . The weekly meeting was held last Tuesday evening at the Crostield-street Welsh Chapel. Mr. John Griffiths. presided. A lecture nes delivered in Welsh toy Mr. D. James on Dr. D. fteei LL.B. Litt. D of Cardiganshire, one of the leading Welsh religious preachers of the Llth century. The Lecturer showed that the early surroundings and nurture had their effect on the mental production of the preacher. His pulpit and puritanical sayings were like gems which showed the originality and natural- ness of his thought. He was a great moral force in his local sphere of influence. His wittiness was a marked characteristic of him and the Society on Tuesday had a most enjoyable time in hearing some of the pointed and witty sayings of the old Doctor. The evening which was thoroughly enjoyed was concluded with singing the Welsh National Anthem. Next week the second of the Lantern lectures will be delivered by the Rev. D. W. Morgan BA. Evertoa Brow, Liverpool, and the success of the first speaks for the anticipation of the next one. Mr. D. J. Price will occupy the chair. Warrington Ex-Registrar's Death.

We regret to announce the dents which took place veeterday morning at Bath, of Major Edward Joseph ..:icholson, who was at one time a pmmiment solicitor in the town and also registrar at the Warrington County Court. The deceased gentleman was only years of age and had just returned from a Voyage in the East, Japan and India being the places he visited. While in Warrington he was a member of the firm of Messrs. Nicholson, White and Nicholson, and was recognised as a very successful County Court advocate and sound lawyer. About thirty years ago be succeeded his father as Registrar at the County Curt until his retirement some few years ago, when Mr. T. J. Ridgway was appointed He was also clerk to the Warrington Water Works Company and was largely instrumental in bringing about its municipalisation. He held a commission in the Warrington Militia until a few years back and leaves a widow a son and a daughter to mourn his loss. Children's Home Concert.

The choir of the National Chil.lren's Home and Orphanage, Prodsham Branch, have op several occas- ions entertained the people of Warrington and r.ever more delightfully than on Thursday evening in the Parr Hall. Unfortunately there was but a poor attendance presided over by Mr. C. E. Parker. How- ever, the children gave strong evi.lence of the musical awl physical training they receive at the Ipme by a realistic portrayal of an ordinary day's life spent there. Various chorusee and solos were contributed extremely well, betokening mach care on the part of the musical instructor. An exhibition of skipping and representation of the day's work were given and one easily gained an idea of the work going on in the home. An address MIS delivered by thq Rev. S.Carroll Myers (assistant principal) in the coarse of which

he stated that since' the orp'hanage's inception by Dr. Stephenson 41 years ago 8.500 children had beer, . . . .

-„- rescued,trained and sent out into world. They had also emigrated 2,300 boy* to Canada and he was pleased to say that 9,3 per cent, of them had turned out well. (Applause.) Mr. Stanley Walton principal at Frodsbacoi proposed a vote of thanks to all those who had assisted in the arrangements for the concert specially mentioning Mr. Walter Twiss, which was heat tily accorded.

Male Voice Choir Seidel. The Werrington Male Voice Choir held their annual social the other evening in the Winmerleigh Cafe, when the menthersand their lady friends spent a very happy time. The first part of tits evening's programme consisted of a whit drive the prizes being awarded to the following —Ladies : 1, Mrs. Boecow ; 2, Mien L. Baker; and hoobv, Mre P. Sincleir. Gentlemen I. Mr. Gibson; 2, Mi.. Boncow ; and booby, Mr. J. T. Smith. During the evening several musical items were aulmitted, the srtiates being Miss Sari:lnk, Mr, W Dolton, and Mr. J. Willett. Dancing was indulged in, Mestere W. Bond, and J. Former being the accom- panists. Vaccrg CLRANIRS on bite, sa. per day; 'MARNA LADE CUTTERS, Is. per day.—.l. S. GARLAND, 51.55 Bridge st., Warrington.—advt.

Academy-street Adult School. On Sunday morning last Mr. W. Webster gave a most descriptive and all-absorbing leourette on " Ants." He tactfully made use of expressions that were readily understOod and yet at the same time moet interesting and educative. An especially striking contrast was made in the ingenuity of the ant as c..mpared with man. Even the erection of the Egyptian Pyramids we., insignificant in comparison to the. work accomplished by these insects. Mr. Webster's personal resea,ch and his assiduous oath- Nineos and calculations at Frodsham and the Solidi of England, created astonishment and no entertaining was the lecturette that at the conclusion of the meet- ing it was decided to arrange an expedition into the country for both the Adult schools, Mr. Webster volunteering to provide elementary instruction in botany and entomology.

Fire In Bewsej-street. The residence of Dr. Adams in Bewsey-rnsd was on Monday evening the scene of an outbreak of lire which fortunately was subdued before it obtained serious dimenaiona. It appears that about seven ' o'clock a light was accidently dropped in an upper I room, setting the clothing on fire. An alarm won at once rained, and Dr. and Mrs. Adams and several members of the household endeavoured to subdue the flames. The smoke, however, drove them for • time out of the room, and the Dr. at once telephoned for the Fire Brigade. In the meantime Mr.. Adams and the maid pluckily continued their efforts, and when the brigade, under the direction of Superintendent Turner, arrived on the scene the flame+ were .10011 maatered with a few buckets of water, the fire oppli- , ances not being used. Only alight damage was done to the fixtures and clothing.

Warrington Photographic Society. On Tuesday Mr. H. Mills, of Bolton, gave a most instructive lecture on "Artistic mounting of photo- graphic prints." The find section of hie sulrject on the needful trimming might be sumnaed up in the lecturer's aphorism " Spare the knife, and spoil the picture." He gave an actual instance of a half-plate negative cut down to half-inch by three-eighths. Then a piee was found worth enlarging. end a good result was obtained. A minor detail, and yet of importance in some subjects, such as snow pictures and flat' lighted portraits, is the colour of the glans used in framing—ordinary picture glass giring such a green tint as to spoil these delicate print.. Again, no picture ought to be centrally mounted. It gives an appearance of want of stability, a kind of "slipped- I down " effect, only to be corrected by raising the ' print above the middle of the mount. The narrowest margin must be at the top; a wide. space at the sides, and still wider at the bottom. The lecturer classes piebtres mounted in corners, is 'slip-in" mounta,and I such other atrocities, in one group— the fire-lighters. A very pleasant evening concluded with a hearty vote of thanks. Mr. A. Davis was in the chair. Ccrtear, Jofteph Rodeo's k Sons' celebrated knives and forks, etc.—Agent, J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Coming of Age Celebrations. A social and dance was given at the King's Cafe, Bridge-street, on February 111th, by Mr. and Mrs. Waring, of 32 Lovely-lane, to celebrate the coming of age of their youngest son Walter. About 50 guests were present. A most enjoyable evening was spent, dancing being indulged in until 20 am. During the interval songs were given by Miss V. Hewitt and others. The music wan supplied by Mr. S. Loneas. At the close on the proposition of Mr. H. Boyle, a hearty vote of thanks was given to the host and hostess. Br. Waring suitably responded. Many useful and handsome presents were received. Each guest receive, a photograph of the family on their departure for home. An evening party was given at the King's Cale, Bridge-street, on Monday Iset by Mr. and Mrs. John Finlayson of " Parkfoot " Walton, to celebrate the corning of age of their eldest son, Alexander. There were about 70 guests present end dancing ."c., was indulged in until about 2 am. The catering and arrangements of the Cafe Co gave the greatest satis- faction. Mr. A. Finlayson was the recipient of many handsome and useful presents. Penny Popular Concerts. An effort on behalf of the Mayor's Fund in aid of the bereaved Greenlee' family was made at the Penny Popular Concert in Bold-street school on Saturday evening, the proceeds together with a collection, being devoted to this worthy object. The Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph) who presided over a large gatheriz.g, thanked the audience for their kind reception and mid it was a pleasure to preside over such an enjoyable concert, especially when it was for such a good cause. He took that opportunity of praising the Warrington people for their genero=ity in reapooding no liberally. Ile would not go into the details of the awful accident to Greenlees brit he appealed to them to sub- eerily, to the fund. A collection was then taken and Mr. Hickman announced that it amounted to t:.2 24 Iltl, for which he thanked the audience most heartily. A most enjoyable programme was submitted and well. Miss Ilipkiss and Messrs. Walker and Tynan rendered songs in a credit dile manner, while the cornet anion by Mr. Barraclough were much appreciated. The humorous songs by Mr. Bennett created notch merriment. Mr. F. Hickman was the accompanist. The Rev. W. Seed delivarel a short address during the interval. Funeral of Mr. George Smith. The funeral of the late Mr. George Smith, of 13, Lovely-lane took place at the Cemetery on Saturday, the officiating clergyman being the Rev. J. H. G. Hollingworth. Amongst those present at the grove- aide were : George If and Percy Smith (soon). Eric Brown (grantleon), C F Taylor and J Sudlow law;, Mr Walter Dennett, Mr Thomas Smith, Mr Robert Smith (nephews, Mr T Hesketh. Mr James Taylor, Mr S Caldwell, Metiers H Kirkconnell, T Cooper, T Welshy, W Taylor. F Webster, and S Bailey (representing Messrs Robert Davies and Co.), Mr F Taylor (Messrs Dewy G remelt and Co.), Messrs F Garnett and C E Houghton (Warrington Cycling Club). Mr W Watson. Mr R B Daintith and Mr Henry Collin. The following sent wreaths and, other floral tributes:—" Wife and family."' Erie and Norah," "Flurrie," Mr and Mrs flesketti, Mr and Mrs W Dennett. Mr Robert Smith. Mr Henry Greenall. Mr Vera B Davies, Mr Herbert Hatton, Mr H Kirkconnell, "His late colleagues." Metiers Henry Greenall and Co.'e Staff, Warrington Cycling Club, Mr J Gown, Mrs Watkins and Gladys, Pie F Brown and family, Mr and Mrs Nlaudslev, and Mr Fred BroAdy British Women's Temperance Association. r With t alkoo .IS, yi.,11.11, a very ,Iwyessful aorlal was held in the Women's Circle Room, Bridge- street, on Monilay everting. The proceedings began soon after eeven o'clock, when Mrs. Garnett said she was delighted to know that there W. PO roue!, enthusiasm being thrown into the work, and it was a pleasure to her to present the Stars of Honour to the eleven members who hail gained 12 new mem- bers. Those who received the stars were :—Mrs. George Dale, Miss Hough, Mrs. Tanner, Mrs. i leorge Head. Mrs. Moore, Mrs. Polio. lire. Whitworth, Mis. Lily Lee, Mrs. Lowe, Mrs. Davies and Mrs. Simpson. The next interesting item was the presentation of pictures by Mists Bessie Dutton. They were given to the following :—The Beamey Adult School, received by Mrs. Elwell ; the Workingmen's Mission, Thewlie- street, received by Mrs. George Dale : the Women's Circle, Bridge-street, received by Miss Rhodes. Refreshments were eerved, and a splendid musical programme was gone through. The fo;lowing were listened to with great pleasure :—Master Stanley Hartill, who was recalled after singing "Is that somebody you ?" ; Mies Annie Lawton, Miss Hamer, Miss May Isherwood, who sweetly sang " Delicate Air " end " Annie Laurie " ; Miss Minnie Whitmore wan ably accompanied by Mita. Clough; Miss Delaney also sang, and proved a very good accompanist for the evening; Mies Snotty Clatworthy rendered a mandoline selection ; Mrs. Owen gave a reading and Mrs. Hartill a short address on "The White Ribbon Brulge."—Thanks were given to all who had helped to make the evening so enjoyable ; to those who had looked after the refreshments, and to the fries-b for coming, there being over 100 present.

ne Fable Elided.

A drawing-room meeting in •id of the Royal Albert Inntitut len (Lancaster) fur dealing with the feeble minded. was held in the Town Ball yesterdsy •fter- noon. The Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph) presided over a good attendance, and Mr. J. P. Killey of Liver- pool delivered a striking addrees on the work of the institution which is run entirely on voluntary lines. Next Week at the Palace. - - -

De erneml a studies in living art are the chief ' turn at the Niece next week, and should prove an excellent attraction. Other items will be : Kitts and Windrum,"in n military contretempr entitled" The Cuckoo" ; Harcourt Mills, boy impressionist ; Diamond and Beatrice, musician,. ; Harry Brown, comedian; and" My Star," juvenile comedienne. A seriee of sporting pictures depicting fox-hunting will also be shown _

===== 0002601_19110218_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
..... Ugh-street Primitive Methodist Chord. In connecti,in with the sale of work which is to

be held in March, a concert, On behalf of COO of the was held on Thursday evenieg. Ten was pro- Tided by llrs.Dutton andother helpers,and an excellent I programme of songs, ere., was afterward. provided by the I.dlowing : Misses Isherwood,Wright,S.Lowe,Mrs. Mrv.Paliner, Mrs. flouchier, and Messrs. Phoenix, Picker, Lowe, Wright, and Boyle and mem- bers of the Heaney Adult school, whilst Miss Annie Titchett tons the accompanist. Rev. W. Cooper pre- sided, and the helpers were hmtrtily thanked.

Proposed Lancashire Empire Choir. A meeting was held at the Town Hall on Thursday evening to colsider the idea of a Lancashire Festival of Emir. Choir, to sing at the Crystal Palace on June 17th—Mr. Ashley, of the Festival Committee, explained that the concert was not the idea of a syndicste, but had purely a charitable object, and the proceed. would go to the King Edward VII. Hospital Fund. The Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph pe.tded and there was. fair attendance. I ltimately a com- mittee of those prevent and the cl.oirmastels or the district was formed to consider the ad.isabilty of sending a Warringt,u contingent. Salvation Army Lecture. „ . . .

, A large audience assembled in the Salvation Army !Barracks on 'Thursday evening when a lecture was delivered bv Lieutenant Colonel Braise of London 'entitled 'The darketst England scheme." Mr. B. IF presided and among those present were Adjutant John Coutte. The lecturer vividly described the social operations of the Salvation Army mention- the homes for the destitute and the outcast and he elro refried to the fact that their good wore was being recognised by the State, for in the prison reforms propoeed by Mr. Winston Churchill the Salvation Army wan one of the bodies who were to look after discharged prisoners. The army had alwaye realised that if their efforts to •piritualise the people were to be eacceesful their material comforts would have to be looked after. (Applause). ,Warrington (,yninaslum. A bind ball match took place at the above gymnakium on February Lit!,, between the Warring. too team (holders of the Liverpool and District Championship) and the Liverpool (Myrtiv-eireet) team. The game was • very fast one and had not been in I progress long, when by the aid of aome very clever I paesing on the part of the Warrington forwards, goals were scored by Bibby (2),J011y (I) and Furnival (I), the half-time score reading four goals to nil in Warrington's favour. The play in the second half fell off considerably, and the game suffered in con- sequence. Warrington added five more goals by Bibby (3j, Jolly (2) and retired easy victors loy nine goals to nil. Bibby and Fawcett of the Warrington team were the main factors in no handsome a victory. The return match is being played at the Liverpool Gymnasium on March 7th.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
F. R. Benson Company Entertain Workhouse Inmates.

A I lnligbtful entertainment was given at the Work- house on Thursday afternoon by members of the F. R. Benson Shakespearean Company. which hes been appearing at the Royal Court Theatre this week. The inmates aftsembled in the dining ball, where a stage, with side wings, footlights, Ac., had been erected. The entertainment took the form of a pantomime " The eleeping beauty," written by Miss Hope Trent, a member of the company. It included many popular songs and amusing burlesque, and the per ormance went with a merry swing throughout. Mr. J. F. Awbery, master of the Workhouse, proposed teeny vote of thanks to the company and the inmates signified approval with three ringing cheers'

0 ARDRN RoLcena, special line at 27e. dd. each.—.l. S. ,q#IILAND, ironmonger, Bridge et., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY.

ALTERATION OF DATE.

• Owing to Ccrrnation day having been fixed for Thursday, June 22nd, the Ilavor of Warrington (Councillor 1/r. Joseph), convened a meeting, which was held at the Town flail, yesterday afternoon, to chnsider the advisability of altering the date of Walking Day which in the ordinary course would have been celebrated en Friday. June 311th. There was a good attendance representing the churches and Sunday school, tradespeople and manufacturers. There was a unanimity of opinion that the Sunday Schools festival should take place in the same week aim the Coronation festivities, ha, the choice of date created some discussion. Eventually it was decided on the proposition of the Rev. .Jame, Davi.s. seconded by the Rev. Father Whittle, that Walking Day be fixed for Coronation Day—Thursday, Jane 22nd. There were only two di.sentienta from thin course. Is wan stated that a special committee of the Collard had been formed to make arrangements for the Coronation festivities, but it had not yet held a meeting. There was, however, every probability that the committee would fall in wi•'i the recommendwi, n of yesterday's assembly.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RAILWAY MISSION.

The annual tea meeting and conference in connection with the Warrington awl St. Helens blenches of the Railway Mission took place on Saturday night in the Workingmen's Mission Stioday school, Thenlis-street. There was very large number present, including Mr. Nash (Crewe,, Mr. Foster and Mien Goodburn, of Liverpool, and the Hallway Minion Concertina Bend, also from Liverpool, whicb played no route from the Central Station to the &hoof, and attracted many follower..

After tea CAMP the conference, over which Mr. Nash, presided. Reports of the work were given In Mr Medley. for the Warrington Centre, and Mr. Worrell, of St., Helena Junction, for the branch taken there by the Warrington Superintendent of the Mission, Mir. lingstrorn. The reporta were very encouraging and showed a very large increin in the attendance ' both at the services and the Bible Chun, ar.il at the men-room services, which were held regulsrly at the various etation• and depots. Mr. Foscrrg gave a very stirring address, also a recitation, both of which were highly appreciated. Recitations were also given by Miss Cotterill end Mr. Cloudier. Min Priscilla Cotterill gave alien rendering cf a sacred song, and Min Hamer's singing of a child's song evoked enplane* between each verse, and also visibly affected many In the sodience. The Conference closed by the ringing of. hymn and prayer, and then the bend played selections of sacred music es they marched hack to the Central Station, to return to Liverpool by the 10.40 p.m. train.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE HISTORY OF WORKIANSHIP

As interesting lecture—the last of the !connection with the Ogden Trust, was he Nlasonic Hall, Rohl-street, on Wednesday !when Mr Charles Rowley, M.A., gave an , lecture on The history of won{ ' Councillor Rirtles presided and there fair attendance. At the outset Mr. llowleyl that when we spoke about workinanshi things that last—works of permanent quali works like those we had to-day which Gals nonce, hut which would be lost in the fl We were I;ving in en industrial age thing. were being created, but they wool we years went on, sad future armorial°, hear of teem. But the workmanship they • lag that night had passed through the never died. Nothing lived bat art, and with past ages that we had was by art. showed numerous slides portraying var art. The photograph of ea Egyptian bro which the lecturer explained had been Mr. Pierpoint Morgan for £3.009. Mr. It slidm of several old Egyptian statue., se that the work of the ancient sculpt, although perhaps a little crud* at ti lifelike. They did not take one figure a bat took their ideas from the bast pois men mud women.

Do:el. Loot Oto—keep the ravage. by Darkening the Grey Stanek. wat LPHUR KAI ft RESTORBR,deepene in few day. Maintains Youth •pP., everywhere.Post,ll.6d. Bedford Lion

===== 0002601_19110218_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
LASS,

1901-1910

cannot pretend to discuss the merits of regenerative gas furnaces against direct coal firing, or to make comparison of the speed at which German machines can melt the tope of wine glass against those used in our own country. But experts tell us that while, for some classes of glass, Germany has ready access to better raw material than we have, the main advantage is in the methods of working and the science and skill which has been directed to the industry. But they tell us further that those engaged in the glass industry in this country are rapidly regaining their supremacy in the different classes of glass manufacture, this with the possible exception of glass for scientific appliances in which the Germans have established a pre-eminence which is almost unchallenged. Our diagram reveals a healthy trade gain over the whole trade of £1,119,000 which is a striking contrast to the figures of the last decade which revealed an increase of imports ot £94.0,t44 and of exports only £20,1/0i showing a trade less of £920,159.

190 1 I 1902

1907 1 1908

.e. 1903 1904 1905 1906 I I 1909 1910 1 --- - _ , 1 Jade SG 5 c to*— n

4,e00 .fic.o ..16eo .140 G .1.20 C Joec 4 1 te .260 e .2deec A'Ace aOOO /too CO /...00 /lot iao,

677255 .1764Ve11. dECNTISO 6,75uwe "or& increase .ria.ooo

===== 0002601_19110218_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSEY SHOOTING FATALITY.

Death of Well-knoAn Liverpool Gentleman.

We regret to announce the (lean, of Mr. E. Cleaver, of Devonshire House, Sefton Park, Liverpool, which occurred at the Warrington Infirmary on Wednesday rooming, consequent upon injuries he sustained in as shooting accident on Lord Lilford's Bewsey estate, on January 30Th. It will be remembered that on January 306. )Jr. Cleaver was out shooting on the Bewsey estate when he W. accidentally shot in the face. He was conveyed to the Warrington Infirmary where at first he seemed to he recovering, hut, relapse followed and he succumbed. Mr. Cleaver, who was years of age, was the youngest son of the late Mr. ft itliam Cleaver, and he was a familiar figure in Liverpool, where he was greatly esteemed. Be was a well-known sportsman, and had spent 29 years of his life in the East where he had figured as a hunter and shooter of big game. Be was for a long time in the service of the Bombay Trading Corporation and had been for some years superintendent at Rangoon. Ile had also been in charge of the Corporation teak forests in Burma's. He retired some little time ago and went to reside with his brother in Devonshire-road, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INQUEST.

Coroners Expression of Sympathy.

Mr. g. Brighouse, County Coroner, held an inquest:at the Polioe Station, Warrh;gton, yesterdsv morning, Before opening the inquiry, the Coroner maid witnesses would be called who were present at the accident,and after they had been beard he did not think there world be much dlificulty in determining how the accident cams about.

---- -- Richard Stewart Cleaver, brother of the deceased, was the IRIS slums called. •He oaid deceased had resided with wltseen's brother it 13, Devonshireros.l, Liverpool. He ba.l been eccoetomed to the use of 'firearms, sad wan good shot. Ile was always portico. larly careful in longing his gun. Witness added that his brother wee • man of high spirits, and he had no care or anxieties of any kind. The Coroner There is nothing to suggest in any shape or form that be would do this on porpoise ? Nothing whatever. George Lee, a gamekeeper in the employ of Lord Lilford, stated that deceased was. most careful shot. Between 3.31) and 4 o'clock on the dote in question be wax out shooting with deceased and two other i!entls- men, and they were waiting for the lost bent. %Roes wan just opposite the wood when he beard a report of • gun, sod then he heard a shoot for him to come quickly. He went and saw that deemed had been ta-lly ittjtireil on the left rile of the face. He wee conveyed to the Infirmary. The gun deceased used was • hammerless " with • safety estch. in to the coroner, witness stated that when the gun was not cocked it was possible to see the woe!" safe." The Coroner: If I.y some raisselventitre the goo was in full cock it would go old by commission easily Y—Oh, yea, sir. NG. William Briggs, a companion of Mr. Cleaver on the day of theaccident, stated that he was shoot forty yards awny from deceased and could see the top of his heed. He could not see whether he wsa sitting or standing. Witness had only teen in the wood shoot five etiolate when be hear,l the report of a gunshot, "As there were no birds rear,' continue.. witness, "IF soppoael Mr Cleaver wee shooting at a rabbit or a hare. About 30 seconds afterward. I hesrd a groan. I nan to the place from wit.e the noise came and I saw Mr. Cl on the groun.l. lie had received severe injuries , to the head and fa-e." .

The Coroner : How long Irefarethia wss it that yoe had been speaking to hlrn f—About tao 111i0L11.04. Was he then very cheerful ?-oh, quite. What is the beat theory you can formulate with regard to the accident. Do von think Unit C.10.116i0P of the gun bad let it ria ?—Ves, sir. Mr. Cleaver said or It.l nothing at anf time which could lead you to believe he did it purposely :—No,sir. lisittrice Harris, a nurse at the Warrington Infirmary, ro.ke to attending deceased while he ivaa lying at the

Infirmary. A verdict of -Accidental death -oa at once returned by the jury. The Coroner : I .ihnuld like to convey my personal empathy with the relatives and friends of Mr. Cleaver In their sad bereavement, and I net certain that all the Jury will join A, ith me. We are all extremely sorry it. bay happened. Mr. Arnold Cleaver a brother): I thank you on behalf of the family for your expressions of sorrow. I should like to evpress on behalf of the family our deep gratitude to the doctors and nurses at the Indrinary for their attention daring my brother's Illness, sad their great kindnevi to us during the tims of our trouble.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
MIRE HALL SKATING RINK.

The I terby" match between the Empire Rick and the Palatine wan played on Wednes.lay end resulted iris win for the Palatine by The gams was of. fast and interesting nature throughout. At half time neither team had scored. but in the second moiety the Palatine team drew ahead, Whittaker and Ihiris 'notching twrr clever goals whilst Flemming sc.-red for the Empire. The fin.) resulted in a win by 2 I foe the visitors. On Thur. lay a shuttlecock competition for ladies oars hell lline Pilling eventii•lly carrying off the prize. Master Stscley Forster wee successful in winning the competithin of musical ring,

===== 0002601_19110218_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT 'WEEK'S ATTRACTI-ONS.

On Wednesday of next week the Empire Hockey team will meet Fro.laham, and a good mime stwokli rest& Thureday evening trill be the usual competi- tion night. Too •mosinit evente are announced, • ighted candle race and a gentlemen's backward race.

NATURE WILL NOT BE CHEATED OF FOOD AND SLEEP. Sature demands, above all, two things :—Proper food, and sound sleep. They cannot be replaced toy any dreg whatever. The tryisg conditions of the berried life of to-day cometimem rob the worker of! opportenttite for taking carefully prepared meal.. 'he result is that his digestion suffers, and as a , consequence he becomes the victim of sleeplessness. Loss of sleep and loss of appetite are often the foierunners of complete breakdown; they cannot be too soon attended to. Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa contain. ing4lieuts that are invaluable in such, cases—kola, malt, bops, cocoa. All these ingredients are corn- toned in Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa—you feel the benefit after the first cup. ...let a six ;enny packet frun your grocer and test it yourself. Do not ask 111, Cer for nloiply "Cocoa." ask clearly for

===== 0002601_19110218_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
A STEADY TRADE GAIN.

[By C. E. PARKER. No. 5.1

The Glass trade affords one of the few instances where the imports of manufac- tured articles are greater than the exports. The difference, however, has been getting steadily less during the last ten years, and adding the decrease of imports to the increase of exports we have a total trade gain of £1,119,000. In the previous decade the trade balance was the other way, the increase of imports being greater than the increase of exports by £920,159. This afforded a con- venient argument for Tariff Reformers which has been worked for all it is worth in Warrington. In the glass trade as in others the effect of time is crumbling every illustra- tion which formed a foundation for this Tariff Reform.

It is somewhat risky for one not an expert to offer any opinion on the reasons why the users of glass find it to their interest and advantage to buy foreign glass goods. We

===== 0002601_19110218_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
A MAIDEN SPEECH.

Mr. Smith, MP., apologises for the Corporation Bill. YORKSHIRE MEMBERS CRITICISMS.

Li h ilouna of Commons on Thursday, Mr. Harold Smith, the Member for Warrington, mails his maiden speech. , On the motion for the third reading of the War- rington Corporation Bill, suspended from last session Mr. Booth (Pontelrsct) cpposed the bill on the ground that it coetaineil two rlauees which, in hiat view, seriously interfered with the liberty of the subject. The first of these, clause 22, required a gas , consumer in the borough to give twenty-four hours' notice in writing of his intention to terminate his tenancy. It .R 8 preposterons that poor people should be compelled to write a letter if they wished to cod their contract for the supply of gas. when one remembered that in Lancashire almost all the important contracts, particularly in the cotton trade, were made by word of mouth. lathe case of a private firm, a condition if the kind embodied in this clause might be waived ; but such was the

lEfIV 1-1 It lON V Su3ll, ,0111. CR VrIoN I Irril 141, there would be no chance of soy such c flsideration being shown by the corporation. The second clause to which he objected provided that ice cream should not be manufactured, sold, or stored in any sleeping room or in any room which was in a condition likely to render the community injurious to health. Solytdy I wanted ice cream to be made under such conditions ; but if these conditions prevailed they were

to the Corporation of Warrington, which had sufficient powers under the etisting law to deal with them. There was much insanitary property in Warrington, and it would not meet the caw/ to prosscuie some ' ignorant Italian for selling the icecream it the build- ing in which it was made was allowed to remain. Way should little children be brought up in such rooms ? Why should hoot be cooked in them ? In too many cases it was because the men who drew the rents sat on the heal authorities. He could not imagine that the new member for Warrington wnold like to introduce himself to public life by defending such clauses as these. MR. SMITH'S APPEAL.

Mr. Harold Smith, addressing the house for the first time, asked leave as the representative of the borough which bad spent much time and money in promoting the bill, to reply to the hon. member. He did not quarrel with the criticism that had been made, because he knew the hon. member was eminently sincere, and because he had had no previous °ppm- tnnitv of raising questions on which lie felt keenly. But be oold liKe to recall the history of the bill. since December. Itsrd, it had been slowly wending its way to the Statute Bo d: It passed through all its stages save one I,efore the disiolution, and it was 1.041P1V hat ofa formality that it should have again to come before the licrise, lii thew circumstances. he

k.A1.1. TII,I 110 p. ‘11.111:1R 10 IT TF_

before objecting at its final stage. On the merito of the ease made Itj• the hon member he sympathised with him. and if he were considering the details of ouch a bill and these points mere raised, his poor services would I, entirely at the hon.mernber's disposal. Be entirely agreed that it wav oppressive on the part of a corpor tion to insert that tenants of gis-tneters should gave notice in writing. and it might work injustice in the case of poor, illiterate people. But, in view of the po.tition of the Bill, and of the great expense that had been incurred in carrying it through its various stages, he suggested that it would be a graceful act towards a new member like himself if the hon. gentle- man withdrew his ,pposition on this occasion. Bath In deference to that appeal I have much pleasure in acceding t, the hos member's wishes (Cheers). The Bill was then read • third time.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE OF MISS LUCY DAVIES.

The marriage of Mi. Lucy Davies, third daughter of the late Mr. John E. Davies and Mrs. Davies, Myildleton Hall.. near Warrington, t' Mr. Alan Reginahl Fenn, elde..t son of Mr. A. G. Fenn CE., and 'Mrs. Fenn, Halstead, Rosen. took nlace on Saturday lat St. Saviour's Church, Eating. The service which wan fully choral was conducted by the Rev. If. Westall, vicar of St. Cuthbert's, Plulbeach Gardens, arra Court, assisted by the Rev. A. C. Nickell, and •morit. impressively rendered. As the bride was into church by her uncle, Mr. H. J. Davies, the ir sang "I) Father all creating." The bride, who given away by her brother, was attended by Miss His and Master C. Wright. children of Dr. M. B. ht, London ; the bridesmaids being Misr., ry Davies and Miss Edith been. Mr. Montague performed the dale. of best man. Sir Eric , Bart.. Captain King anditr. Wright acted as rde. special train on the district railway conveyed este from Ealing to Mill Hill Park. where • ion was held at I:ironer-Murry Lodge (the reaid- of the Misses Spark, aunts of the bridegroom.) y lent tor the occasion. bride and bridegroom left in the afternoon in a car lent by Sir Eric Avery for the honeymoon, in being spent at - Inglewidden," Cadswith. all Thew were the recpients of a large num- of valuable wedding gifts and telegrams of tulation and good wishes.

ONS•LD CqNll.Ol-ND a • good CoMOXtOr• ssd EcooomicaL Of Chemists only. —Advt.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AND EXPORTS OF G

I

===== 0002601_19110218_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
WCococt

—it mates all the difference. Every groc, Bella Vi• Cocoa in pacte and 9d. and la CAL tina.

Smethurst, Forshaw, and Bnigon nod ilrsers. W. Furnens, H. Thornton, W. Rohertc and S. Wright.

A DONIENTI, bERVANT • FlCAtilM.—Two charges of fraud were preferred against a domestic servant named Elisabeth Walton, who was charged on remand with nett-ining by false pretence. I:a. in cash from a house, -In, Baxter-street, Warrington, and further with steal- ing a purse containing 3s. Bd., from a house in Clare- street, Warrington. It Wes stated hy the Chief Con- stable that the prisoner was before the Court a week /WO end on that occasion l was remanded fora week. Ila recapitulated the facts that came out at the last hearing, and read out a long list of convictions against prisoner. The Bench, however, decided to give her a chance and she was sent to prison for a month. " l'utv SOIIRY."—Jmnra Higginson, a stranger to Warrington, was charged with being drunk end dis- orderly and also with assaulting Detective Goode, at Alpley Station on Saturday evening.—lt visa stated that at 111.30 pm. prisoner mason the down platform a, flank Quay Station creating a disturbance. Detective uncle went to him end warned him to desist, hut he refused and kicked him severely about the ankles. Vs au the assistance of porters prisoner was conveyed to the police station.—Prixoner : I BM very sorry. I must have tern very drunk to have done that. I came for a day out on Saturday.—He was fined 51. and costs or seven days.

TrF,DAY.—Refore Councillor Henry Roberts (chair. maw, Councilkr inek.on Hobos., and Nlesers. W. Rieberdson, J. Rymer Young, E Woods rod Colonel Edel.ten.

P.,:Is;:i;SIETENCES CHA R, E.—A charge of obtaining food and lodging by false pretences was preferred eniost Ruth Lily Percival, a domestic servant of Glossop, from Sarah Anu Pugb.—The cam was edjonrned for week. A CASE 111 Ai ivio Not PROVEO.—EdaArd SAUCE, 94, Rose and Crownddreet, on dismissed on a charge of taking a mm of 9a.from the pocket of a fellow-lodger at Plinston'a lodging house. It WAS Rutted that • man named Whittaker said that he mw prisoner going from t,l to bed feeling in lodgers' pockets for money. Whittaker. however, in the witness-boa, retracted this st•tement, and Sauce wee accordingly discharged.

Hnooto CONINIITTED totn TRIZI..—Th: case in which James Harris, the prisoner who males confer. Rion whilst in prison relating to another charge, canre up for bearing.-Irepector Williamson gave evidence of the receipt of a letter from Harris in which he admitted stealing money from a shop in Orford-lane, the property of a Mr. James Groundaand prisoner was committed for trial at the next Quarter Sessions. A POLIcEMAN As,ArLTEIL—The ,tory nt n violent scene on Monday evening, near Six 1101111P14, war related when Thomas Kearns and Elizabeth Kearns, of I, Six Houses mother and son), were charged with being drunk and with assaulting P.C. Richards and another man named Harold Ince.—lt was stated by P.C. Richards that he was on .Into in l'ortlandatreet when he saw one of the prisoners break a window with a poker. He went to the home and both prisoners assaulted him so severely that he had to get the assistance of. civilian named Ince. When the male prisoner was tiskea into custody he struck the otlcer several severe blows, and when they got to the corner of Dallam.lane. Ince came running up and said the female prisoner lied got away. The male prisoner then struck witnere on the head.—The Chief-C..nstable: Was your bead bleeding front the blow when you arrived at the police station ?—Witness : Yes, sir.— Both prisoners were sent to prison, Thomas for two mtothe, and Elizabeth for one mouth. Ince was com- mended by the Bench for the assistance he gave to the

WHIJNYSVAY.—Before Mr. Cherie. White in the cheirl, Aldermen Smethuret Meier& John Ged.len W T

Williams marl Councillor C.C4110111 ALLEOF.D OFI'EN,E Bv Ex-SOLDIER.—ThumAs Allen 09, a well-setwp young man. was charged with travelling on the Cheshire Lines Railway, on Tuesday, with the intention of not paying his fare.—lt won stated that prisoner wee seen to alight from the 4.50 train. He wits asked for his ticket. and he mid be was a soldier and had a warrant, only he had given it up to the ticket-collector. This, on inr,•uiry, was found to be untrue. On inquiry at Liverpool it was ascertained that he never hed a warrant.—The Chief Constable captained that the prisoner was formerly in the special reserves at Chester, but he deserted, and on being re-arrested he served his punishment and was then dis- charged. Ile received warrant to Liverpool, and from there he started to go to Manchester without a ticket. —Prisoner, who explained that he had nowhere to go, was remanded for 24 bourn, so that irquiries might be made regarding some f riends of klie in Mancheater.

Dotvlxi, Hort,. IX I.N.T STATL—William Jolter, 105, Bramhall-strect, was fined 10a. for driving a horse in an unfit state. It wan stated that the defendant was been in IVinivick-rond on February oth with a horse which won drawing a mignon laden with coal.Theanimal appeared to he very of deal had a sore on the near fore leg, from which blood was issoing.Defendant's defence war he had been in the hospital, and that was the first time for some weeks he had driven the horse. H. did not know it was in the condition it was.

Tcnroscou'.—Before Mr. Fnirclough (in the chair,. and Messrs. W. Roberts, A. J. Jolley, J. Cpson, IV. T. Williams. J. Rymer Young, and Dr. Naden. Top. CA CE or T,to(lu ALLAN —The case of Thomas Allan, who was remanded for ?.I hours no Wednesday, on a charge of travelling no the Cheshire Linen Rail- way without having a ticket, came up again. On Wednesday it vras stated that prisoner had said tbst he was trayt-lII.g to Nlanchester where he bad relatives. The case was remanded until Tuesday. Mr. Erth,Police Court Missionary, undertaking to and prisoner employment. SEIZIM's CHAR ..Es AGA 1,,T Max .sNrs WI FE.—A husband and wife appesred in the dock ou two several charge.. Margaret Ellen Mothers, 3, Pocket-3Uci t. was charged with otealing from the gee meter in her house, whilst her nus hand mas charred with taking various articles from Nlessrs. Fletsher, Russell's works, and selling them. Tbe Chief Co stalls explained that a remand would he necessary in both cases With regard to the women's case some time during the last fortnight the gas meter at prisoner's house Lad been broken open. Information watt given to the police with the result that prisoner was arrested. Whilst the police were in the house they discovered a great number of miscellaneous articler lying about. It was ascertained that the articles had been stolen from Messrs. Fletcher, Russells (where the male prisoner was employed.) The wile confessed that her husband used to bring home the •rticles and she sold t bem.'fbe reason she bloke into the meter...he explained, was because her children were starving.llhen the male prisoner tots charged, it was added, he admitted the offence—Both prisoners were remanded until Tuesday. FR I roar—Before the Marro. (chairman, Alderman Simetborst, Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs. A. 3. Jolley. H. Thornton, O. Pilling cal IV. Furness.

A,,AULT 00 I WI VE.-31nry Govan, 7, Hillditreet, summoned her husband for imeault .-11r.W.11 .I..lenkina appeared for complainanx—Mr. Jenkins stated that tee husband treated his mite very hinny. He returned home very drunk on Tuesday. and struck her several times in the tire.—ln the box .lefenoant completely denied thin statement, but the Bench bound hint over to keep the peace for six month..

'7- - n the 04 OU PTS 1

Borough Police Court

T.—Befo.re the 'Mayor in the chair. ~.Aldertri.tn

===== 0002601_19110218_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
'THE LARGEST VESSEL.

Tbe Cunard Steamship Company hare, it is said, chosen the name " Aquiranie " for their new turbine steamer. %Torch Messrs. John Brown and Co. ere to build on the Clyde. Most of the pew Cunarders have been named after rhe provinces of the Romeo Empire on o eesr the Mediterranean. Active preper ations are bein mile at Clydebank with s view to beginning in woes the construction of the new liner, which, when corn pleted, will be the largest vessel In the wand.

LINSITD Courouxo ' for Cough. sod Colds. Of prom ecru. L,.t Ir. lid. Of Chemists ooly.—Ady

===== 0002601_19110218_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
, • file Examiner, Saturday February 18 1911.

WARRINGTON Chtt refl. r&fO" RELIGIOUS 6SOC/ALL

DA THE CLERGY OF ST. ANN'S curr,cii.

St. Ann's Church and its numerous organization. are doing a much-appreciated work on Evangelical • lines, to one of the poorest .bstriets in Warrington. The Vicar (Rev. James Davies) does not confine his energ;es to parochial effsiirs but is conspicuously associated with the Church and educational life of the town generally. He taken a particularly keen interest in the maintenance of the Church day schools and in addilion to holding tie secretaryship of the Church of ' England Schools Foundation Managers' Association, he is a co-opted member of the Warrington Education Committee. Mr. Davies is a native of Cardigan and received his early education in Cardiff and Carmarthen. Ile gained his fret experi- ence of parochial activities with the Rev. David Dl)., subsequently Dean of St. David's. Alter .ome years spent in edneational work, he entered the London College of Divinity, Flighbury, London, under the Principal, Rev. Dr. Waller, for ispecial theological instruction and training for the stry of the Church of England. He gained the Bible prize in the last year of his residence, and passed the Universities' Pieliminary examination /or Holy Orders. Mr. Davies was ordained deacon in 1857 and priest in 18ss, by the late Right Rev. J. C. Ryle, Dl)., Lord Bishop of Liverpool. For six years he held a curacy at Emmanuel, Everton. Liveri.ol, :Ind gained the cordial good-will of the parishioners. He came to St. Ann's, War- rington, in September, 1893, to take charge of the parish for the Lord Bishop of Liverpool, on the Vicar being granted a licence of non-residence. On leaving Liverpool he was the recipient of a valuable cheque and silver picket Communion service from the people amongst whom he hail lablurel no successfullyin May, 1590, the living of St. Anii'm became vacant through the death of the Vicar. and Mr. Davies was appointed to succeed hint by the patrons (the Simeon Trusteev), on the nomination of the Bishop. Under Mr. Davies's direction, many notable improvements have been effected in the parish. The church hun been renovated

'EV. F. c

and tastefully decorated, ?de day .ehool buildings and yards thoroughly overhauled, an.l finally, as a memorial to the late Queen Victoria, a new vicarage wan erected in Orford Avenue ut a cost of .V 2.600. There are many useful and healthy organisations, including Home and Foreign Mission- ary Association P.A.S. anal C.M.S 1, Scripture Union, Adult and Junior Temperance Societies. District Visitors and Magazine Distributors. Mothers' Meeting, Sowers' and Reapers' Band and Communi- cants L. nit,. Mr. Davies leas one of the promoters of the Junior Clerical Bible and Prayer Union in connection with the Church Pastoral Aid Society in Liverpool, and was, while in Liverpool, on the Execurive Committee, lie was also a promoter of the C.M.S. Junior Clergy Union for the Diocese of Liverpool, and was on the Executive Committee for many years, in 1898 being appointeri representative to the CM S. Junior Clergy Union Conference hell at Derby. He assisted in the formation of the Warring- ton and District Band of Hope Union, atel was at one time chairman of the Executive Committee. Fo,. many years he has been hon. secretary for the Winwick Deanery for the Church Pastoral Aid Society. The Rev. F. C. Shirtcliff, who entered upon his emery at St. Ann's in 1910, was educated at St. Catherine's College. Cambridge. He 11,9 ordained deacon in 1888 and priest in 1559 by the Bishop of Liverpool; his first curacy being at the Church of St. Mary Nlagdalene, Liverpool. Since then he has worked in the following parishes —Pemberton, 1888- ill; St. Peter's, Warrington, 189'2 ; St. Polyearp's, Evertor., 1843 Si. James', Collyhurst, 1894-97 ; Earlestnivn. 1897-99; St. Luke's. Great Crosby. Its 0)- 1902 ; St. George's, Wig., 1902- ; and St. Mark's, Newtown, 190 C-10 On leaving Newtown be was the recipient of • token , ale-teem in the form of a purse of gold. Another earnest and valuable worker in St. Ann's parish is Mr. W. Thomas, lay reader.

•' * ' • , • , .• k [A.AW I 'VIES : I .

Oro 46(tv 7 • - 4t, • :711IR fCLIFF.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
St Ann's Church.

Services in aid of the Church Pastoral Aid Society were held at St. Ann's Church, on Sunday. The Rev. F. C. Shineliff preached in the morning, and the Vicar, the Rev. James Davies, in the afternoon and evening. The Church is indebted to this society for two grants every }ear, one of .C7O to the Curate's Fund, and another of £4O to the Lay Readers Fund,

===== 0002601_19110218_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Ann s Church.

We extract the ttllowing front the February inn, of the St. Ann', Parish Magtaine t —By the time this announcement will be in the hands of our readers many will have seen the new font ewer. All who have keen it greatly admired it. It will add to the dignity as well on being most useful in the administration of the Sacrament of Holy Raptiain. Under a special note we call attention to the different coconuts published this month. Ilere we went to draw attention to the fact that —notw ithatanding the generous granta of Ell° from the CPA S. we need in addition £l3O year for stipend.. Al present we fall far short. We appeal here for help—especially to those who are not enrolled as Sowers and Reapers. St. Luke's Church Teaparty.

The annual tesperty wite held in connection with Sr. Luke'. Church and Sunday &bard on Monday evening. A good number sat down to tea after which a concert was much enjoyed. The item. which were well rendered included the following :—Mies Nlarrie IVerren, •• Spring is here '• and "The little Irish girl " ; Mi.. Ina .Icoes, .• Daffodils are blowing "and a bird song ; Mr. Westeott " 0 dry those tears " ; Mr. Wallace KnY " land of Hope and Gloms." Miss Longdin made an efficient aoconapenist. Mr. Wirer.; Adams contributed utne original humour which appealed to all present. NI . heed and lierbert Randall rendered an instru- mental dile. violin awl phi.. respectively.) The pupils of Mon Bee pane an exhibition of some 'rueful dancing as also did Miss Knowles and Mica McNeil. A playlette entitled "Winter' by the children of the school delighted the audience.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rector and Warrington s Drunkenness.

The Rector of Warrington Rev. C.snon W Mi.) made some remarks regarding drunkenness in Wsrrington, when preaching et the Parish Church on Sunday even- ing. lie had seen some extracts from the Chief Oinstablehi report, he said, and it appeared to hire Canon Willi. the, IVnrrinaton held an unenviable notoriety as regarded dmnkeoness. Warrington stood armond highest in respect of drunkenness in ten northern towns, with a percentage of 9 09 per thouitand of the population, and he thought that MIR • rather had state of things. It was his opinion that a great cause of drunkenness Win that so many man when fraternizing with comrades took more than ens good for them joist for the sake of good fellowship. The rev. gentleman thought that if people would leave drink alone between meal times, and if the number of public-110°nel were reduced, a more sober Mateo( things would accrue.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Church Reading Union

The Genesis of the Prayer Book

Am interesting lecture was given by the Rev. 1,. 3. T. Gsrwsll, vicar of Walton. on Thursday afternoon to the members if the Church Reading Union who assembled in the Wornon's Circle Room, Bririge.street. Taking as his subject " The Genesis of the Prayer Book " the lecture at the outset referred to the Reformation which he tpid they must regard with as little bias or prejudice they could and treat it as s fact in history. Having traced the Prayer Book hrstory in dotal the rev, gentleman concluded with the folio ng striking word. of Canon Newbolt .e remember the travail which preceded its birth d the controversies which threatened its Wain . when no recall its alteration, its overthrow, its c plots suppression, its revival, its revisions thres nod. we can trace ins we think the hand of God's Pro nee in providing the Church in this land with for evotion adapted ti the strange and everlasting ci an of English life and history."

For" the benefit of those not conversant with the arrangements it may ho stared that the best route is the 1.43 p.m. excursion train iron) the Central Station, due linydock Park 2.11 p.m.' and a visit to that pretty spot should well repay the Is. 3d. outlay. INDIVIDrni. Food IFS. For the junior may be summed up that the runner who holds the heating of C. J. Bryant 11%4 a goo.i turning chance—but fancies are legion, none of the locals being mentioned by the experts. For the senior race W Scott I Ilioughton), F H Reap ISiinderlend), E Glover, A Turner and J Murphy mmanuel Reformed Church. (Ilallarnshire, H Holbrook (Warrington, are fancies and pieced in aomething like this order hr the cognoscenti W. T. Jaye and the Mormons. Well i local opinion is not exactly this way inclin as Holbrook should certainly best Reny, good m I Blasphemy " was the subject taken in . though the taller is, and the credentials of Scott noon at FoMlllWiel Church Menu Bible e Bey. William T. Jaye. The rise of the others are beyond cavil. ) A reproduction of recent local form may reanlt limb the speaker described as a doctrine as briefly sketched, end several of its " who'd a thought it" and however thinga may end ed in the light of Scripture, but the Warrington lath are out to keep up the local repu the time WWI given to the conalderation Hon. The opposition in undolibtedly groat but t is the chief reason why the local, are out to ove of polygamy. The speaker gave many so-called " infallHe ''Mormon publi- it if possible. g that polygamy is recognitied aa a nacre! Warrington AC decide their Club Champ:myth! these races. In the senior race a gold medal for wing that the teaching of St. Paul had by a later revel akin given to Joseph first man, gold riru and centre medal for the second e speaker denied that the head of the gold centre medal for the third home will be gi h hen ever declared against plural Gold rim and centre, gold centre and all.er medals most that has been done wan when also be given in the junior race. nil in I)4i advised (not prohibited) o contract " marriages " Which Were merican law. It was an admitted fact there had been polygamous marriages in liar concluded by saying that just PA all avers opposed to the 'whirr slay." they oppose the pernicious teachings which war a so-called religion built ti th.—On Sunday afternoon, at 3 p.m. tute, Mr. Jaye will deal with some lacies of Mormonism.

RETIREMENT OF A GREAT cosurcroi . .

Dr. Elena Richter, it is snnolinced by the " graph," twill Ise down his baton on March 15, end retire to spend in well.eerned repose the remaindi bis life in his native land.

COttULINE, TraußpartOt Cement for Caw, 601., end e aost free.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
CHURCH LADS BRIGADE.

St. Elpbla's Company.

A route march took plane on Saturday, February I I th in the Appleton District, ma Lower Walton, by th members•of the above Company, under the command of Major J. Brookes, and Captain and Adjutant I. Seeker. After haversack rations were issued and inspected, the Company left headquerters at 2.30 p.m , 28 in number, end proceeded in toe direction of Appleton Church, when on arrival et the Dingle the company were .opposed to be in hostile country, nod were divided up ea follows r—Advance Guard and Main Body. Tte whole Advance Guard was under the command of Staff Sergeant Essentrigh, and the Main Body under Sergetort 11 Leach. Sergeant Rates was in chstge of the Van Guard and Staff Sergeant Essenhigh in °tattle of the Main Guard.Pointets end contenting flies were also used and the sigaallera under Staff Sergeant Teat were put out SS liana., The whole arrangements were enter the charge of Sergeant instructor Bottotnley. the cyclists were used to carry dispatches and were told to prom .d cautiously to a farm ty Appleton Church to get water for the purpose of making tea. Arriving safely at the church, fires were lit by the roadside, where saireages and tea were cooked in mesa tins. After t lithe aignallers ere put into practice wad Private Hinton excelled him- self end was complimented by ton Adjutant. A football was improvised out of paper. and a crotch took place, the goal posts being stacked carbines. Tea finished, the Company proceeaed trer about half smile et a stendy double and the remainder quick marching to Warrington via Grappentrall end arrived at headquarters ebout 7.15 p.m. were a splendid trw provided by the °theme, was m readiness, to which the toys did staple justice. After the second tea a concert ass held, nod Mr. A. ! Dickenson kindly brought his phonograph and rendered ! sonic fine selection. A singing competition was held told two prizes were offered for the test song rendered which were won by Lance-Corporal Cyclist F. Ilasiarn and Bugler E. liirkbam, the hop] themselves being the judges. Sono were sung by Staff Sergeant Teat, Sergeant Leach, Private Bennett end the Sergeant lostrutor. A violin solo by Sergeant Al isles was excel- lent and the phonograph records caused a great del of laughter. At 9.15 p.m. the concert ended and Adjutant Sankey and Major Brooke. addressed the Comrany on the smart way they had carried out the Settee allotted to there that day, sod oreeecially com- plimented the work of the Signalling Section. The Adjutant then offered is medal to be presented to the smartest and moat attic ieat lad during the year of 1911, and he hoped that similar medals would bo won from headquarters. The Sergeant- Instructor then tilled for three cheers for the Adjutant end after singing the National Anthem, the evening closed and everybody dieruissed eell please.] with the jdoceeding.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
SENSATIONAL LIVERPOOL CASES !

Zam-Buk Triumphs Over Terrible Ringworm after Failure of Hospital and X-Ray Treatment.

A sensational story of Zam-Illik'n wonderful triumph over obstinate ringworm has just been related to a Liverpool pressman. The story concerns the three children of Mr. awl Mrs. F. Lightfoot, of Luke-street, Toxteth Park, Liverpool, and the mother's earnest and graphic statements should prove helpful to all with families of little one.. "It came as a shock to me," Mrs. Lightfoot, who waa formerly a school teacher, told the reporter, •• When I found that little Georg-, aged four, hail ,ontracted ringworm under his golden locks. I took him to Lie Grenville-street Skin Hospital. Mean- while, Jessie, aged seven, showed the same symptoms as George, and! also took her to the hospital. Both children were soon in • really terrible state, and I was 'a despair when I saw jessie's beautiful black curls gradually disappear, leaving only a fringe of hair round the scalp, which was naked with patches of ugly sores. The ringworm seemed to thrive on the hospital ointment. In spite of all my care little Marjorie, who had just turned three, was alasj attacked.

" At last, in cheer desperation, I wrote to the Liverpool Medical Officer, and he sent a lady inspector to see the children, who were then on her advice, treated at the Pembroke Place Skin Hospital. The children didn't get a bit better, however, no I sent them to the Royal Infirmary. Here the X-rays treat- ment was adopted, but still the children didn't get better, and I now lost hope. " I decided, however, to see if Zam-Buk would do my little ones any good. Well, the change Zam-Bult made was simply miraculous, and at the end of the lirst week's treatment the ringworm had begun to dis- appear and the children's scalps looked healthier. Zarn-I3uk seemed to get right to the root of the disease, and cleansed the children's heads thoroughly. George and Jessie were the first to get completely free from the awful disease, little Marjorie's Case. which was much more obstinaTe, taking s little longer. But Zam-Btik.triumphol at last, and the children's hair as you can see for yourself, is again growing beautifully.

' For two years the children had been kept away from school by the ringworms, and their sufferings were frightful. I hope, therefore, that you will let the whole world know how wonderfully Zam-Buk eased their pain and completely rooted cut the ring-

===== 0002601_19110218_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING.

RYLAND, W.R.C. HARRIERS had two packs running over a six and a half mile course. Dm slow pack was made rip by novices two of whom shaped well,but the others were overtaken by the fast division which came through at a good even pace. A Whitmore led in followed by e A Moil ug.

wARSINOTON Ac. .1 UNlnk TEAM ran Coors mile course. F. Shadwell was about 200 yards is front of the pack which finished so closely together that 3 seconds covered the lot in the follow- ing order t—T Howlinson, 0 W Hunt, It Bennett, Jack Hande, E Scott, J Battersby, J Livesey, W J Bradborr, and 0 Wakefield : W Thoroley covered • longer course. On the time test greet improvement bee been made by this lot and a similar advance in the Northern Jllrliar Chempiontihin, at Haydock Perk to-dav, will make their chance as good as the beat of their rivals.

TUE sENIuR TEAM covered about nine miles at a good pace and the improved form shown H. K. dt peon, T. ninon and J. Parsonage nine. be considered very salefactory in view of to-day'a eng•gement ; the pack included H Holbrook, C Vote, W Aar°hus, F Antrohns, W Bolton A Wilcock, and W Kidd,ll,of whom the first four came home shoulder to shoulder. T Vail was an almenttee. Considering that I, Antrobruile having his first run since meeting with a mishap in the inter club race with Simon he ran eurprisingly well and a complete recovery of his form would enhance the team's prospects in the Northern Senior i'hainpioneliip.

1•11,41•10,41111. S. Havdock Park, today, will be the rendezvous of Northern enthusiasts and given fair weather a large assembly of spectator. roay be anticipated. The system of eliminatory trial race,, in the form of divisional championships, has weeded oat the weaker tennis and the lest 10 teams in the North, will contest each race with the additional spice of one individual, L. Proctor, in the senior, and 13 individusls in the junior trying for tho position of individual champion. The probable starters for the junior race total up to 173 and will be sent on their seven mile journey over a three lap course by Starter Waterson at 2.15 p.m. prompt.

One hundred and sixty ronners for the senior com- mence their ten-mile journey over a four-lap course .1 3.45 p.m.

From the rilpenny stand a good view may he obteined and the fortunes of the runners followed throughout.. -

===== 0002601_19110218_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
the only service of Divine appointment, that it ought to he the great ser•ice of every Lord's Day. Nobody knows the difficultiee if obtaioiag thin more then I do. I have been incumbent of two parishes—one in datighter parish where I could lead my people on end they were willing to be guided, and now I no incumbent of on old parish end though I love my people nod I believe they love roe, I can assure you it is very difficult matter to teach them that which they have not been accustomed to sod which they do not understand. The whole of the East and the whole of the West believe iu prayer for the departe•l.l Many of Coors beginniog to millre that, but there are twiny 'rho do not. Those who have lost those very near and dear to them 'slue this doctrine of the com- munion of saints and in that doctrine is implied prayer through deems Christ for the departed, liir resn and peace in Him." Mr. Woiern PCFL, a member of the York House of Laymen, delivered en interesting and practical address on "rhe Laynien's work in •nd for tne Church." He urged upon laymen the duty of contributing regularly, eccording to their means, to the maintenance ot the Church. The people moat realize that the Church of England could not do her ministerial work on her endowments alone and that if she was t 3 be a living and effective tome her members must realize their individual responeibility. The Rev. E. C. E. CA RI.ZTON, in proposing vote of than. to Mr. Peel, said there would be question. pending before beg, the reetilt of which, if the pro- posals Took effect, would be to cut down the income of Oro Welsh Church to about one-tenth or what it veto. at the present time. What would the congregations or St. Pool's and Hole Trinity think if thero sa• a scheme on used for robing away nine-tenths of the present income of those churches and leaving them one-tenth ? He war afraid when the qUestiOn of Welsh Disestahlish• [pent end Disendownient came on it 'Coal be a very serious matter. He wanted, however, to give them a word of werning, rhe proposalii would not effect the preeent geueration of Welsh Churchmen as ranch as they might think, as the present clergy lird iv life interest in their osmotic., but it was on the neat genention that the burden would fall. It was easy to dismiss a condition of things on the ground that it would only affect their children, but for all that the evil was there, and would have to be dealt with at the right time. Councillor STKEI., in soconding, arid their Noncon• formist brethren nets good example with regard to contribatious to their placm. cif worship. An enjoyable musical programme, arranged by Mr E. Willies, was gone through. The Apollo grouts:to Pony tang r' Allan Water," " Robin Adair " and Fsrewell " in pleasing lityle, the voiceu blending admirably. Min Gladys Pots guava capital itite,Pretn- nice - 0 Hower of all the world " sod Mr. W. Critchley was heard to distinct advantage in •• lbws" and I hear you calling." Mr. Herbert Butcher played the violin solos " Huagnrien Rhapsodie " (ljarm, eel" Polonaise de Concert " ;Wein. irski) lan asilfut manner which delighted the audience. Mr. E. Wilk. San an efficient accornpanirt. During an interval refreshments were served.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Rev. G. C. Briggs on " The History of the

Church of England '

The second of an iuter.ting —.rid: of lectures on 't The History of the Church of England." naa given by the Rev. li.C. Briggs, vicar of Christ Church, Latch- ford, in the schoolroom on Wednesday evening. There was a rood attendance. The lecturer dealt with the progress of Christianity from the time of SLAugustinn in 597 to the Norman Conquest in 1065. Mr. Briggs spoke of the work of St. Augustine in Kent and his founding of the Sees at London and Rochester. He also explained that the founding of the English Catircl, was due to two main soorces—Ron.an sod the Celtic Missions. Those two ingtiencee,he said,gralunlly VOW, and there eventually issued the National Church of England.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Buckley-street Band of Hope.

The weekly meeting of the Buckles-street ilend of Hope WaS entirely Rucepesfill. Mr, Ilrincock prosi 'oil lavers good attendance. Several musical items nod recitations were submitted to an spproiring audience. ' The artistes were as follows :—lJuet, Misses Aspinall ' and S•ift ; solo, Mks F. Adams ; duet. Miss Wooden:id Miss Dodd ; solos, Misses Lowe, Kean, and Mr. S. Allen; racitstlons, Messrs. A. Ashton. F. Smith, R. Stringer sad A. Turner. Gramophone select ions were contributed. Much credit is certainly due to Mr. J. Richardson for arranging the programme. Workingmen's Mission, Bank Quay. On Sunday afternoon the Women's Bible Class held • special "Open Sunday." when &special choir, selected from the class, give sons. and Ralipture readings, taken front the " Life of Christ." Mn. Alfred Tilling jun., presided in his roundly able manner, making some very sppropriste remarks ran the Bible vs being a book with • living God speaking through its pages. Every credit is due to the loader if the class Mrs. hooves, also the various members, who till did their part extremely welLand consequently a crowded chapel dismissal feel- ing all bad spent a very enj.vable time. Mr. P. Mores presided at the organ. A collection was taken to the 'Guild of lielp Funds which realised over .C 2. Bewsey-road Wesley Guild. 1 At the weekly meeting of the itowsey-rond Wesley Guild held on Monday evening the He•. E. 11. Keeling delivered on address on " The Awakening of Wes- leyan MethOdiStn." He sketched the whole history of the Wesleyan Methodist movement right from the dab. of John Wesley up to the present time, mentioning sfsscially the call iif 'Wesley for Preachers. the NI ission of Chsr:es Garratt in Liverpool, Peter Thompson's East London Mission and Hugh Price Hugh's West London Mission, which was now ministered by the Rev. J. E. Itsttenbury. lie laid stress on the fact that they bad so pushed forwerd mission work to such an extent ttint in every large trvam In Greet Britain there was now 3 nourish- ing mission. The Methodist Church realisod that the best way at getting at the oppressed masses was by means of these missions which went straight to the

1 Warrington Church Society. The Rector and Roman Catholicism. The annual converanxione in connection with the Warrington Church Society wur hold in St. Paul's Schools, Kendrick-street. on Thursdny evening and proved highly successful. There warn large attendance, including many of the local clergy, and the chair was occupied by the Rector ;Rs v. Canon tVilllni. The Het Thlt in the course of an introductory rimed], maid that a few days ago a representative of the " Examiner " called iipbn him end obtained permission to photograph the Perish Chnrch clergy. When the photograph was published a short description Roman- partd it, and the writer celled him (the Rector) a clergymen of the High Church or Catholic party. A few da3s Inter he (the Rector) got n pamphlet from a member of the Roman Communion &bowing him what true Catholicity consisted of. Then he got another pamphlet front somebody holding very different Tie,ws coda shing to teach him the truth. "I want von to think of the word. Catholicity and Orthosloay " continued the Rector. "We all proferia to be Catholice. In the Creeds we my ' I believe in the Holy Carbolic Church' and we any we hold the Catholic faith. You know, perhaps, that the Roman Church prides 'melt upon the word • Catholicity ' and the Eastern Church prides itself upon the word 'Orthodoxy.' I maintain that the Roman . Church. . in.. Caine

respects have no right to the word 'Catholic.' In some heart of things. reapects they have at in other respects they have no right to it, end I am going to try and St. John's Presbyterian Church. show you briefly where we think she io Annual Congregational Tea Party. notCatalic." The Rector enumerated live points on which he considered the Church of Rome had been a On Thursday evening the anal Congregational Tea bar to the unity of tbe Church, and had noted in. way Party eas held at St—lotto's ChurchWilderspool Cause. which wee not Catholic u—(1) By putting forth the way. "fhere was en eaten lance of about 200 persons, claim—which was strongly repudiated hr the Emtern end the tea, with eccompronying good things prepared Church—that the Pope wra the Vicar of Christ and the ad served by the ladies of `ot. John's, wee mach Head of the Church upon earth, wheresn he wa the enjoyed. On the tables being cleared the chair was great Patrtereh of the West and no more. 2) By token by the minister, the Rev. William Reid, who said adding to the Nicene Creed certain words with regard lie was sore they weren't glad to meet together on such to the procession of the Italy Ghost, without the con- an occasion. He felt that for him to make a 'peach sett of the whole Church. .3) For nearly 'l,OOO years then would he inflicting an unnecessary evil upon them the whole Church believed that the presence of our for they were used to herring his voice continally. Lord Jesuit Christ in the Holy Communion depended fatal of an address, however, he would open the pro- upon the invocation of the Holy Spirit, but about 1,000 gmmme by giving them a short reading from a hook mars after Calm the Church of Rome took It upon nailed" Tyne Folk," written by Dr. Maker, of the ("ay hermit to substitute the words of Communion This in Temple, himself a Tynmider. The reading... humorous My Body," This Is Sly Blood' for the invocation of ono, was heartily applauded. Songs were rendered by the Holy Spirit. (4) The whole China believed Mimes I:. Heiner and A. Snailhatn, and Succors. P. In the Real Preeence,but about 1,000 years after Christ Gillespie, .1. [hinter end the Rev. IV. Reid. Miss Dewar the Coach of Rome took it upon herself to teach the gavo a reading from Dickens, Mr..). G. Man.oun doctrine of Tram übstantatiOn. The Eastern Church contributed two highly humorous Scottioh recitations, had always refused to use the equivalent of that word, which, given a they were in an inimitable mammy', although she believed there as% change—but a change delighted the audience amongst whom were many local by way of addition. .5) In the year 1415 the Church of Soots. Miss Jennings played mlect lons on the piano, Rome took it upon herself to deny the Cup to the laity, and also ably accompanied the various singers. The Eastern Church communicated her people in both At the close, on the motion of 31r. W. Iluseell, kinds, just as the ("Smelt of Englend did. Thom were hearty vote of thanks was accorded all who hid mutated five points in which the Church of Rome ryes not in connection with the faction. Catholic. He di,) not say it in any unkind spirit, becalm he believed meowed a great deal to the Roma Wyciltte P.S.A. Church. He believed we received one Christianity from There as a good attendance on Sunlay,proalded over ' the East through Rurne,that we ant our Orders from the by she seure,ass.; 31r. 11. Mane gave the addres. opon Emt through Rome, nod that wa got nor LituaT "Keep the woropota down." Ile had, he said, hoard a from the East through Rome. But that did not make leading preacher not Be from Werrington ear this, and he thought it well to 'peek upon it. their first us Roma, though it ought to make us acknowledge nor indebtedness. lie wanted everyone of them to thoughts might he "We don't believe it." Well, value the Catholicity ad Orthodoxy which ought tube etopposing they knew someone with a violent temper, In deer to them. "there were three reepects in whioh their thoughts wiped probably be " What • pity—mare they might promote them. They ought to think more his or her owe plumbre ad the pleasure of others. Al than they did of the Sacramental system. They might temper kept tinder control wae good, but a unciontrol.' hold closely.. their Careebisre taught tarn, to ale two ; able temper was unbearable. The temper eras • servent. great Sacraments, but If they knew their Catechism 'but mat be kept under. Recreation was a good servant they would be able to soy with him that Holy Order.. I but must he kept down, in its proper place. Surely to Penance and Confirmation were Sacramental. They did ! atop workn for a foiotall match was not keeping the not my that our Lord appointed Confirmation or tat ; servsnt 'lows, hot ova, rather going to exam. The Holy Orders and Penance were necessary for all. pipe might be very enjoyable to some, hot might be like Holy Baptism and Holy Communion ware, butt carried too far, by making it a aubstitate for meals. they did .y they were Sucramentel and they ought to As we were God's servants and all things Were given Ire prepared to snow that in n mom there were moon tons to serve our needs, let us use them wisely and seer...use, though share were two great once- " Weo well.-31r. SleArtha sang in. very telling end able ought to make, en the whole of the Feat and West manner "Cleansing Firm," ad " Nearer my (hod to ;doe." continued the Rector, "more then we do of the Thee." Mr. Payton, Mos. Bac., presided at the organ. Holy Eucharist. We have been practically content to :olr. Ski:autumn read the lesson, Mr. Blau led the put morning prayer in the place of the Holy Eucharist. prayer. Prize lists were given out. The men joined I think SS rule,spaskin. broediy,ne m.y.,konwledge heartily in ell the hymns, eapecially the last," What that when the Emt ad West agree they are right. We all thee arrant be." ought to remember that the Holy Eucharist is

===== 0002601_19110218_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
The Warrington. and. Mid-Cheshire Baptist

Association.

On Thursday •ftern.orn and evening successful eta enj•yeble meetings in connection with the above Association were held ia the liptist Church, Crolborne. Delegates end representatives from the Baptist Churches of Warrington, Latchford, Acton Bridge, Little Leith, Hill Chile and Ciolborne were present end took part in the proceedings. After tea there was an open conference premided over by the Rev. J. K. Bentley,. of Acton Bridge, the President of the Aseeciation, the subject for debate being "Is it desirable to change the form of worship In Baptist Churches " Thi• was MD...tined by 'lke Rev. Arthur Horn, of Little Leal., who in • very able midreas sirggested certain alterations in the order of service and advocated that greater attention should be paid to the devotional part of the service. Meson E Wynne Jonee, E Englend, S Albinsop .1 Mom, .1 he Rev Charles 'I homes of St. Helene, and the Rev William Arnold also took pert in the delmte. In the evening a public meeting was held in the church, when the Rev. Cherie@ Thomas gave an mit:lemur on "ne Gospel in relstion to pleseure," Mr. E. Wynne Jones on "'lb. Dogrel in relation to politics," The Rae. J. R. Bentley i.e. _ .

"The' Ciosp'el in relation to sresith."' addresses were followed with close attention by an appreciative sodiencv, who did not fail to applaud the various points •• they fell from the lips of tha •peeker. —A vote of thanks was moved by Mr. lien Few in his lomat felicitous manner, and supported hy mowers. Fearnley sod Albinson, to those who hail charge of the ten and refreshment atirancernents, and also to thus* mho had contributed to the meetings thrstighout.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church

Rev. W. Seed and " Christian Science."

At the Ilewney-road Weftleyen Church on Sunday the Rer, W. Seed &alt. with the effect of thought upon the • bode end incidentally deprecated tile teaching of • Christian Science. Taking to his tent "Set your mind on thing, that are above" he sad that thought was x real force and not panice ripple. There had been a • very great advance On the subject of the science of the mind end be imagined there would be still further Tulvance. hut there were one or two taints that were perfectly conclunive et the present time. The flint wan that thought bad an influence on our physical well- being. "We have " the Fee gentleman said," a small breach even in thin Northern town of that very curious religionr knot which call, itself 'Christian nience' and is neither Christian nor science. I know whet I am ripening atiotit for I have tried to read Mn. Eddy, book. But the Christian Scientinte, although their beliefs are ahnolutely full of moot ridiculous nottnenn and error, ere emphasieg one particular truth which we mon all believe—elthough perhaps they over emphanise it—end that is that thought in a power. I no. perfectly- sure that •Il doctors and droggist• would agree in one thineand thst is that the thought of cure la a help to core." At any rate bright aurroundingo, pleasant company, change of Keno and everything that suggested health tended to the cure of disease. Ths opposite wan just as true. There wen nothing more Nair,rtr to ritildien than sod •nxionn fear which pros:limed what woad otherwin be mined. There waa a similar power exerciried by thought, end be could nest illus- trate it by the feet that when the thought of fen came upon a. the result wan parelynie though probably for a moment. The constant thought of impurity had • war of leavine in mark upon the phynicul appearance and, therefore, the free.the huoyeaAPriebtlY and *Ty Physical experience wan only laminae to one who bad learned St. Paul's coning, Set your mind on things above." If they wanted to minty their minds they could only do it by the wanhing ministry of UMW {dm. Give any men e new set of Weer end they gave n rota. new life and the clean, covet thought of J 4,114 washed the impure mind like, the peening of the tide over the nude at the seat bore.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
SKIN TORTURED BABIES SLEEP AND MOTHERS REST,

A warm ii Cuticurs soap. f En 4 gentle anr..z.t.i.g with Cirticurs ointment. tz: g.-nerdly sufficient to afford immediate comfort in the most distressing forms of itching, burning and scaly eczema., ranhe., irritations and inflammations of infants and children, permit sleep for child and rest for parent, and point to permanent relief, when other inettiodn fail. Peace falt• upon dintracted households when these pure, sweet and gentle emollients enter. No other treatment eoets no little and does so much skin-suflerers from infancy to age. The latent 32-pane Cuticurs Book, telling all shout the care of the akin, and treatment of its infections. sent past free, by Potter Drug and Chem. Corp., 27, Chaiterhotme Sq., London, E

===== 0002601_19110218_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

COUNTY CLUBS CHAMPIONSHIP. A draughts match of great interest to Lancaahire playera will take place thin (Saturday evening at Atkioaon's Cafe, Hridgeetreet,Werrington. between the Liverpool Draughts Club and the Alsochester rity Draughts Club. These club." tied " with twit points in the annual league competition for the Lancsabire Clubs Championship Cup—the Lore " trophy, hence the preeent match, which the Conety Draught. Associa- tion &tailed ahoold tot played at Werring- ton-01.11[ml ground convenient for both parties. Considerable local interest la taken in the match (vim the fact that Mr. Frank Dianne of Wsrrington, plays top hoard for Liverpool, and Ms two games with Mr. Allen tlynd, of Manchenter. it ham boen agreed, trill count not only in the Club match but, plat, in the Thal heat of the annual tourney for the individual champiouship of the county end possession of the trophy—the " Weller '• Cup, at present held by Mr. lived. 1 hese two playern were the flO•liStfl In the mutual tourney and have already played four of the stipulated six game, which decide this beet, the wore at present standing : —Hy nd, 1 ; Dunne, : drawn 3. The match to-day will therefore thcide the destination of two cups for the next twelve months.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

Pantomime is a thing that never tires or bore., and although Vn'arrinut •n has halite full share f it this season, link Whittington," which is appeari og at the Pahire this week. is attractive from every point of iew. There is " catchy" singing, clever dancing, excellent scenery and a capable caste of artistes. What more could be desired ? A special feature of the production is the ballet of children who dance and sing in a really charming ironer, ard 1,11 lv take the audience hy storm. In :.Idition, nye Love all tha popular songs rendered in a taking mannerontroduced int., most of the nine scene,, and the audience fully appreciate them, and join with ,igour in the choruses, winch to certainly a vmpliment to the nudism.. The part of Dick Whittington is undertaken by Mir Maude Beaumont iu a breezy and vigorous manner, and accompanied by her rat ,Mr. Willie Magits) she singe and acts in a style much above the average. Mr Manila has an exceedingly arduous task to perf.irm as Thomas the faithful cat." hut he carries it out with complete sumer Mr. Fred Ward, as Jack the idle apprenfic, is a comedian of no ineem merit, and by i.is .pops and origins! jokes keeps his audience ins c•-.,n•tant roar of laughter. Mi.. Lva Compton, in the rle of Alice Alderman Fitawarrsn's daughter, is dainty an verrtile, and proves herself to be a very cap ible vocalist. The rendering of the cook, by Mr. A. McAllister is lade good and eons. o his (or rather her') jokes are irrioninably Pinny I hher srti 4es are Alderman Fitzwarren 111 r. Walter Miller), Emperor of Morroco (Mr. Jim Voir), Prince of Morocco Miss Ilene Ilalphl sod . Princess of Morocco Ofir Amy Salida,. Features d : the programme are Tine einht tiny stars," who ars clever singers and dancer., Pearce and Ward, comedy artistes, and Sadie and Vane, creole pert .rroera.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
PROFITABLE I.ANURING.

?fr. Ernest Parke:s annual report (the ninth) of manurial experience • ith ruangolds and oak at Kinston Warwick) indicates once again the powerful effect of moderate but well-considered droning., of fertilieera. Perke's soil, though in very poor crndition when he took the barn over, know in sufficieetly good been to grow, in • season so locally favourable to roots as loot year, over 22 tors per acre of Orange Globe mantold• without any direct appli- cation of manure. Where, however, superphosphate wee applied at the rate of tent. per acre. toe crop wee 2S too., and thin was increased to 27, 43. and 46 toes per acre reepectively by further dkesinga of?. 4, and 6 cwt. per acre of nitrate of ride. The gain of weight , due to fertiliser. on these three portions of the field au therefore 13. 21, sad?? tons per acre respectively, the correaponding cost of the fertilisers being 31s. end per acre, the or at of the extra weight of roots averaging not much more then half-a-crown a ton. In the oat triak, following wheet, thelinmanured land gave 41 bushels of !!tta and 27cart. of straw per acre. Superphosphate at the rate of ktirt per acre and nitrate of soda at the rate .if lowt raised the yield to 40 bushels and fflcart., while • wood cwt. of nitrate raised the yield of oats to 69 bushels and of straw to newt. in this rasa, while the !expeediture an fertilisers was only about 2:s. per acre. ' the total incronee obtained by thia expenditure moon- ! WI to?? bushels of colt end 12cwt. of son w.

.11 Inorganic corns.% Binding, Filling, withstands wster. 6i. via Bloc—Advt.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

T .1,,e

fl.,th the Prince cf Wales and his brother, Prince Albert, have contracted measles, as epi 'enlic of which prevails at the Britannia Royal Naval College, Dartmouth. It is about a fortnight ago sit.ce the outbreak was first reported and it was hoped by the authorities of the College that, as thc two Princes have already had this illness, they would not again he attacked. It is understood that the epidemic originated through a cadet returning to the College with measles after the Christmas vacation.

,-......... ~.. .... -.. ' . .-, ~. ..... . .. . .' 4: • • ~',, ,""),.. , ,•,,,,,..,... 4..,.., , • t00,''..7 i *2 ~,t,,,, *., -, -'.:*-1.'",.''.1:- l• ' ' '. 0 ''''' '-':°..,:v.!`:::: i. , . -, , 9 • ~_. 'NI *. .;,,4 . ".' ' f I._ , 9 • , - f ~ 9 ; •• • i.,.. r ~.. . . . ' • •.' • • . . . • . . - „ - ' , . • ' Jr . , . , f , -

THE PRINCE OF WALES AND PRINCE ALBERT ILL WITH MEASLES.

,"''.4,.: , it 01111. t t ' 1 . ~ . is.. , t.j4 •' '4'l, • 1-* . 4 41." t. il, i ' *4 , . T.' '__ V , ail :•1 5N.,1-' • . • • . otl \ • • • . to. t • r---) • $ . 4. - " .1 . ~ . , , . . . . . . . ~ , 1 . . . ,:l. 44 . <-. A I. It .

===== 0002601_19110218_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTENING OF EARL FITZWILLIANS SON.

Earl Filzwilliam's baby son, the first direct heir born to the head of the House of Wentworth for seventy-one years, was christened cn Saturday amid scenes of great jubilation. The rejoicings were on an elaborate scale, over 7,000 guests being invited. Earl Fitzwilliani is enormously rich, and his country seat, Wentworth Woodhouse, near Sheffield, is the largest private mansion in the countly. The family tide dales back So the Conquest. when, after the battle of Hastings, William the Conqueror presented the first Earl with a scarf from his own neck, and this scarf was worn by the baby at the cbristen'ng. Our photograph shows the Earl and Countess and their four daughters, the Ladies Omaha, Ellrieda, Joan and Helena FitzwilliAn.

NEW WHITEHALL STATUE. A statue erected in Whitehall as a nationalinili cri I o the late Duke of Devonshire was unveiled this week by the Marquess of Lansdowne. The memorial is an effigy in bronze of the Duke as a Privy Councillor, wearing his Galer robes, and is situated between the Was Off cc and the Royal United Seryi,c Institution and facial the Horse Guards. It stands on a high pedestal of stow qaarried at Parley Dale, on the Derbyshire property of the Devonshire t .rullv. Our plc ire ibows Lorki Lansdowne performing thz actual fcronon y.

Examiner, Saturday February 18 1911.

THE NATURAI. LINE OP OUR INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT

citizens awoke in time to its immense import- ance in the life of the old town, and kept the vandal horde at bay; but the plans for widening our main streets might each have been expressly fixed in order to remove as many ancient monuments as possible.

WHAT MADMAN FIRST SUGGESTED that the only way to get from Buttermarket to Mersey-street was through the heart of the second Academy? The Old Fox is ' doomed to go—we would that it might be re-erected—but places like the Barley Mow, the quaint old inns and cottages in Church- street, the Plague House, Latchford, the Black Horse and the Clapgates Farm ; should all be spared, and we are glad indeed to find, in the Town Planning regulations, that special attention is called to the import- ance of preserving places of historic interest or natural beauty. . . . .

The phrase includes, of course,our gardens, parks, and open spaces. Bank Park, Victoria Park, Queen's Gardens, and the front part of St. Elphin's Park have fortunately all been saved from the hands of the spoiler. Orford Hall should be treated with not less respect. Its history and its inherent picturesqueness each entitle it to perpetuity. . _ .

The preservation (Cr Bevisey, the quaint old manor house whose half-filled moat and mouldering walls enshrine the town's most moving and romantic memories, should certainly be marked upon the plan as sacro- sanct. Bruche, Appleton and Sankey Halls, the Roman Camp, the Ackers Pits, the Dingle, the Hill Warren and a dozen other places come within the same category, The true Town Planners all agree that suitable localitiet should be reserved for industrial purposes, preferable in a. place where they are least conspicuous, and where the prevailing winds will bear the smoke (there should not really be any) away from instead of right amidst the residential popu- lation. Dila is obviously the eastern portion of the borough ; but

appears to be along the river and the Ship Canal. The Docks which we still some day hope to see,locate themselves most naturally by the old river bend at Wilderspool, with possible developments between Howley and the Latchford Lock. In the meantime, the river bend would make a charming place for boating. The railways are immediately contiguous to this locality; and it is safe to, say that, on the whole, the big new works which will come to Warrington will naturally be attracted to an area so conveniently approached by rail, by road, and by water. And these new industries should all be care- fully regulated. Noxious trades should be tabooed ; and no works whatever should be permitted to offend too glaringly against the elementary canons of good taste: . . .

With these main feaures well in mind, we can easily conceive

A SKELETON PLAN OF THE NEW WARRINGTON Broad main roads, radiating out in all directions from the town, and connected, at reasonable intervals, by concentric roads of reasonable width, diversified by trees and strips of grass, with separate sections for the various kinds of traffic ; the location of the

industrial quarter in the best and most con venient localities; the reservation of resi- dential areas suitable for all classes of the population; the preservation of ancient land- marks and all existing parks and open spaces; the grouping of the principal muni- ,cip9l buildings in a monumental central area; the monumental treatment of important centres—these strike us as the fundamental features in the plan of the New Warrington. MANY MINOR DETAILS.

will at once occur to all our readers. The desirability of so arranging our new streets as to make them end, wherever possible, in a pleasant vista—the Church spire, the To es n Hall, some stately tower or handsome build- ing ; better still, a distant glimpse of hills and woods and fields—will probably com- mend itself, at once, to everybody who has noticed the effect of this device in continental cities. The provision of such lakes as that at Stockton Heath, for swimming, boating, fishing, or merely for the pleasure of feasting one's eyes upon a calm expanse of water, is another great desideratum, and many suit- able sites at once suggest themselves. We have mentioned one already. The best and most convenient sites should be selected

for our elementary schools, and special sites should be reserved for a new Grammar School and a High School for Girls. More congruous architecture, relevant to local history and conditions; the limita- tion of the caprices of the individual builder; harmony of general treatment with a reason- able diversity of detail; more elasticity in laying out the meaner streets—these and a . . . .

hundred other details will no doubt at once occur to all our readers. The future of the town—its health, its comfort, its convenience, its attractiveness—affects them all, and all of them should lend a hand in shaping it. We cordially invite them to co-operate with the responsible Committee in the splendid and inspiring task which lies before them.

We want to pool ideas on a matter of such immense importance. W. shall welcome any suggestions that may be sent to us and see that they are duly communicated to the proper quarter. Already we have made tremendous strides towards the new, the better, and the brighter Warrington which we set out to build. But much remains to be done, and we ask our friends to assist us in creating that enlightened public opinion without which the best Committees in the world are powerless, but fortified by which the town we love may rise to all the height of its great opportunity and realize the dream which has inspired us in our daily toil for over twenty years. WA regret that our contributor A.M. has een obliged to undergo a slight operation and has not recovered sufficient strength for the preparation of his usual article. A continuation of "The Battle of Land and Sea" may be looked for in our next issue.

ED. " Ex."

1 410.0. a ; ;. a

===== 0002601_19110218_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
FIVAIIRIP-4VTON CHAffERS. A NEW WARRINGTON.

WHAT MIGHT BE DONE BY TOWN PLANNING.

"The Sunrise Annual "—a journal which is continuing the good work done by " Sunrise" and "The Dawn"—contains a! suggestive article on the possibilities of creating a now Warrington under the powers given by the Housing and Town Planning Act—" the best and greatest achievement of the late Government," to quote the words of the writer of the article, whom one has no difficulty in identifying as Alderman Bennett.

"The task of launching a Town Planning Scheme for Warrington rests primarily upon the shoulders of the Street Improvement and Lighting Committee, a name which hardly seems to fit the Committee's present duties; but their work is so responsible and far- reaching that, if they are wise, they ought to gladly welcome help from any quarter; and they might do well to invite the assistance of the local architects, the Warrington and Beautiful Warrington Societies, and any other individuals or institutions whose knowledge or experience might be useful in the task they have before them. This seems to us essentially a case in which co-option might be tried with great advantage. A thoroughly expert and capable official should be put in charge of the depart- ment; and whilst we are profoundly anxious that the New Warrington should, as far as possible, be the work of Warring- ton brains and hands, it may be necessary, having regard to the complexities of the itiestion and our comparative inexperience in dealing with them to obtain, from time to time, that expert assistance from outside which is now readily available. The Com- mittee have, with admirable wisdom, done their best to qualify themselves for the great work they have in hand, and several of the leading members and officials have had the privilege of attending various important Conferences upon the subject, and visiting the principal Garden Cities and Suburbs in pursuit of information; whilst the chairman, Alderman Bennett, went, on their behalf, in the Autumn of last year, to several leading towns in France, Germany, and Austria, as a member of one of the Town Planning parties organized with so much spirit and success by the National Housing and Town Planning Council, The Committee have, in fact, been quietly preparing for their new duties for some months past, and we believe that they are now engaged in definitely considering the preliminaries of a comprehensive scheme.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT ARE THE FUNDAMENTALS

they should keep in mind? At least as long ago as 1495, as an old plan of Warrington attests, the general scheme consisted of four main streets crossing each other in the centre of the town almost at right angles, and running, roughly speaking, to the four points of the compass. The plan persisted, as an illustra- tion shows, right through the stormy era of the Civil War; and the four quaint, narrow thoroughfares which met at Market Gate came down, almost unchanged, to many of us in our childhood, with all their pleasant memories of by-gone times. These streets and all the main approaches to the town are being gradually widened—in our opinion, even yet, they are not wide enough—but the essential features of the town's arrangement have not changed. Before the Act was passed, at our suggestion, thirteen years ago, the city fathers had the wit to fix upon a Circus as

===== 0002601_19110218_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CENTRAL FEATURE

in the plan of the New Warrington, which, even then, began to slowly shape itself in a few progressive minds. They made it toler- ably spacious, and, more recently, they had the wisdom to insist upon a uniform design. Unluckily there have been several deviations from the original plan, which, we are prom.' to think, was the work of a Warrington firm of architects (Messrs. J. E. Wright, Garnett and Wright) ; but, although its grace and relevance are thereby marred, the earliest segment of the Circus, which, as we write, is rapidly approaching com- pletion, gives promise of a very dignified and notable result. With Market Gate as the focus of the town, and the four streets radiating from it, north and south and east and west, the general outlines of a comprehensive plan instinctively suggest themselves, and might be best defined, perhaps, by the illustration of a spider's web. The problem is, of course, considerably complicated by the Ship Canal, the river, and the intersecting railway ; but, subject to the necessary qualifications which these obstacles impose, the aim should be to make new radial roads wherever needed,with some definite and direct objective—say Leigh and St. Helens, for example—and to link up these, as well as the existing thoroughfares, by suitable concentric roads, of ample width and dignified arrangement. There ought,for instance, to be roads from Padgate, and from Fearnhead Cross to Orford, and thence through Longford and through Buttonwood to Sankey. These might easily be made to connect with Manchester-road, and should be ultimately linked with the attrac- tive suburbs of the town which are

developing so rapidly beyond the Ship Canal. Al present, there are not any roads from Lancashire into Cheshire between the great Swing Bridge at Latchford and the lofty cantilever Bridge at Warburton, or between

' the Bridge upon the Cheater-road and the Transporter Bridge at Runcorn. Warring- ton is sadly short of bridges. Of course there . . . . .

ought to be a bridge not less than sixty feet in width from Howley to Victoria Park connecting with a new through road from Latchford to Wilders- pool ; a great Embankment running from Bridge Foot to the Weir ; and a great new avenue running right from the heart of Cheshire to the front of the Town Hall. The men who planned Winmarleigh-street, so narrow and so badly-centred, and who allowed the London and North Western Railway Company to build the ugly and lop- sided Bridge right at the bottom end of it which is not in tho middle and effectually shuts out the once refreshing view of Walton and Hill Cliff, deserved to be " hanged, drawn and quartered," and to go down to posterity side by side with the architects of Scotland-road ALL PICTURESQUE 4)R ANCIENT BUILDINGS should be carefully 'marked out upon the new Town Plan, and should, wherever possible, be reverently preserved. In many of our late improvements this consideration has utterly been lost sight of, and, in a town which absolutely teemed with ancient, pictureque, and often most historic houses, only a dwindling handful now remain. The Old Academy escaped by accident, because it happened to stand a little way back from Bridge-street, and because a few enlightened

===== 0002601_19110218_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
HANDS A MASS OF CORRUPTION.

I "My case of eczema first started on my hands anl wrista and then it spread up my arms and to the other parts of the body. One doctor that I was ender toldi me it was blood poisoning but he did me no good at all. Another doctor told me it was eczema, hut lam sorry to say he did me very little good, and all thin ill time the eraeina was getting further. Then I tried to infilmary. They healed my ann..ll e up, but it .11 01 fora time, for as soon ant started to don., vivo w again, it all broke out worm than before. I wet by the doctors never to 11110 soap of any kind to

My. hand., but to ase oatmeal ror brati—which tell v u gave me mach pain. "I got a tablet of Caucus-a Soap and gave good washing and I then gave the a dressing Catieura °Mune.' before going to rest. M, commenced from then, for they started to straight away and it has never returned. are 11011 their natural size, but before tieing (2 „• .

i Soap Rod Ointment they were a mass of ...ncrt Rod as big as two pairs of hands." (Signed) ' Smith, 14, Minor atreet, Middlesborough, Eng., Sept 21st, WWI. On J•nuary 2'2od, 1910, Mm. Smith wrote :

very pleatted t inform you that I am perfectl of eczema. I hare not had en mach as a an'

tbis winter, thanis—t;-C'uiic-ur;

===== 0002601_19110218_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

BI Philip Snowden, I.P.

WHAT SHOULD M.P.'S BE PAID!

The Labour Party's bad luck in the ballot for private Bills has taken away all hope that their Bill for the reversal of the Osborne decision will get a second reading debate. There still remain two possibilities. The Government may introduce a Bill of their own or they may do as they did last session with the Suffrage Bill—give special facilities for the consideration of the Labour Party's Bill. At the time I write there is some faint hope that the Government may bring in their own Bill on this subject,but it is only a faint hope, because the Government Whips I have got the idea that the Veto Bill, Supply, the Budget, the Bills mentioned in the King's Speech, will occupy all theketime of the session. The Coronation, it is understood, will make a break of some weeks in the Parliamentary work of the year.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
UNEASY LIBERAL MEMBERS.

The Bill for the reversal of the law in regard to trade unions and politics, whether it be a Government or a private member's Bill, need not occupy very much time. It is true that the question is a highly contro- versial one,and that there will be very strong otiposition to the Labour Party's Bill from both Liberal and Unionist members; but the point of the controversy is a very narrow one, and when once the principle is settled, the details need not occupy much time. The Government, if they still hold to the state- ment on the subject made by Mr. Asquith last November, cannot bring forward a Bill which will be satisfac- tory to the Labour Party. If they do introduce a measure on the lines indicated by the Prime Minister, then there will be a good deal of uneasiness among the Liberal members. I knew that this Osborne ques tion played a prominent part in the recent elections in the industrial centres, but I am surprised to learn that so many M.P.'s have given written pledges to support the Labour Party's demand, even if it involves voting against the Government. I do not think, however, that the number of supporters pledged to go with the Labour Party on this question is large enough to turn the scale against the Government, as the Unionist party would vote almost solidly against 'the Labour Party's demand for the restitution of the old position. THE BEST PLAN.

I still think it would be the best plan for the Government to leave this an open ques- tion, and let the House of Commons decide what sort of a Bill it would prefer to pass. I cannot see how the Government can refuse to deal with the question this session, or refuse to give time for others to do so. The Prime Minister had admitted the urgency of the question. Things cannot be allowed to remain as they are at present. Trade Unions are openly doing what the law has declared to be illegal. The Labour Party is an illegal organisation. This is an absurd situation, and Parliament for the credit of the law must interfere at once. The Prime Minister told the Trades Union deputation the other day that he intended to deal with the payment of members this session. He knows full well that this reform will not meet the trade union difficulty. The trade unions are demanding that political action shall be made one of the lawful activities of the Unions, and this is the concession which must be made during the present session of Parliament. It rests with the Government to devise the way and the means. THE PREMIER AND THE SUFFRAGE.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
The Trades Union deputation, to which

dang,

have referred, which nth the Prime Minister last week to submit to him the resolutions of the Trades Union Congress on electoral reform did not get very much satisfaction. The Premier, however, did make one very interesting confession which the women suffragists will doubtless duly note. Mr. Asquith declared himself in favour of man- hood suffrage, with a short and transferrable residential qualification. He is well known to be a strong opponent of women's suffrage, although he does not disdain to use the work of women in his own constituency to help to secure his return. About three years ago he promised a deputation of Liberals that he would bring forward a Reform Bill before the Parliament expired. Two of his Parliaments have expired since then, but no Reform Bill has appeared. It would now appear that Mr. Asquith has in his mind the proposal to adopt Manhood Suffrage. The Government, lie said, three years ago, would not oppose an amendment to extend the franchise to women; but Mr. Asquith knows full well that there is not a majority in the House of Commons in favour of adult suffrage, although he•could com- mand a majority in support of Manhood Suffrage. Mr. Asquith evidently hopes to "dish"the women suffragists by this proposal for Manhood Suffrage. The same thing has I happen(' before, both in this and other countries. On the continent, the women have been elbowed out when there was a chance of getting more votes for men. It was so in this country in 1832, in 1867, and in 1884. All this makes it of vital importance that the women should get inside the fran- chise, however few in numbers, before the next general Reform Bill is brought forward. Then it will be impossible to ignore them, They would have to be given the same terms as men in any scheme of citizen suffrage. PAYMENT OF MEMBERS.

The Trades Union deputation called the atk.ntion of Mr. Asquith to the question of (payment of Members. I doubt if it is wise for individual members of the Labour Party ( commit themselves at this stage to precise us in regard to this matter. It is a case ( re the trade unions and the Labour Party t well content themselves just now by ng the principle upon the Covernment leaving to them the task of putting for- a definite scheme. The precise amount payment is a matter on which y be wide difference of opinion. ns are suggesting £l5O a year. favour sums ranging up to £5OO a Chairman of the Labour Confer- as his opinion that £3OO a year y pass would be sufficient. The is such a diversity of opinion e payment should be shows that Me to wait and see, aul then atter in the light of full knoi- are two aspects of tffis yment of Members. It may as a proposal to compen- r the out-of-pocket expenses , or it may be considered for their time and services. union at present seems to be nt fixed should be only stiffi- the expenses of being in Parlia- the member to live upon his leans, or to work for a living in ion or occupation. There is a be made out for this view, but deal to be said in favour of a

payment which would give the country

claim upon the full time-of the Member dur- ing the sittings of Parliament. I have an open mind on the subject, but I am sure that .if Parliament should decide to pay members, in addition to compensating them, that the dangers which some people seem to fear from payment of members would not result. I am inclined to think that there would be a better chance of getting the best men as candidates if members were paid for their services. The fear of the political adventurer is groundless. If members were paid, there would be a far wider field of selection open to Constituencies. At present, the ..ian who can find the most money is preferred to the poor man of ability. Even in the Labour Party the same thing applies to a great extent. The candi- date who can tell a Selection Committee that his trade union is prepared to find the money for his election expenses and for his main- tenance in Parliament stands a far better chance of being adopted than another who has little financial backing, and whose candidature would involve the local move- ment in the responsibility of finding a good part of the expenses of the contest; although the latter individual might be infinitely the better man from every point of view.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAN ON THE MAKE.

Payment of Meinbers would not help the political 'man on the make" to get into Parliament more easily than he can to-day. A man is not returned to Parliament simply because he asks to go there. He requires a constituency to elect him. With the wider range of selection which Payment of Members would give, the political parties would be more likely to select men of proved worth and ability. If a constituency did elect a " bounder," then it is the fault of the electors. They ought to know a man before

placing him in the responsible position of a Member of Parliament. There are dangers in adopting Payment of Members, but the fear that the quality and character of candi- dates would deteriorate is not One Or the dangers.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
CONFIDENTIAL REPORTS ON TEACHERS --- Cheshire Director of Education s Circular.

Mr. J. M. Yarn, K.C., again brought before the Cheshire Education Caromittes at • meeting at Crewe on Monday a circular letter bared by the Director of Mention to adrninint retire imb.committetuaking, In connection with the annual rats on of teachers' alsries, for confidential report, in teacher. regularity and work. Mr. Votes maid that it nos not within lb. co.npetence of the Director, withorit permirelon, to inane hitch a letter, and that @chola managersabould not he Raked to report on leachers' ;publications or supply mundentiel report.. line., the duty of weakero to got, rho orcho,ls and if they found anything wrong to moire an entry in the logbook and not to make reports behind the backs of (he tomhers.

The Chairman (Ur. Hodgson) KAii that the /Omen- tary S hoick Setenommittee had considered the creation, and were of rpioiuo that tt Director had not exceeded the 'egoist lona in joining the circular. they bed intygeatr d that be circalcr e'cruld be redraftefl f, r issue next uwur.

_ . . M. Vides said he thounht that f nouricers would decline to carry out the circular and put it in the fire. lie proposed that the eirliixt rhould to referred hack for further considentLion.

. _ Hlrnle!iT toted if th• re hen nny nect melt, for the cirrninr. The Committee rezniiwed °port it con- cerning lorche,s work from the tiovernnient and 00.12171nrgirctotn. _ . .

--Tirelifarl;;;;T. If there in any strong feeling about Lb. matter the Comalttre can recall the circular. Mr. LI kebob!! co .ed that it shidild I, ri called, lint Mr Yana abut auggeated that the cave.. 'Could be referred hank. Keentually the rtintrul tee 'Aimed the reeoleti, a that the Director Ind not exceeded the regulations, and that ti., ,00'ola ruhioTut te minified on 'he lines unigerted. Thu Chairmen raid that no ul r•Z U.K., would be labia 4,1 ml), relents already seat in in reply to the cirrulnr.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Began with Antvinia,

Dow other ills devclopcd. This Cure resembles thousands et fecied by Dr. Williams Pink Pills.

From one of the loveliest spots in Devonshire comes the pitiful story of • young girl's suffering. ;it.irting with Anremia, her troubles rlevr loped into (lastrio Ulcer, and the outlook 1,4 came black indeed.

" Soon after my 17th birthday illness began lo develop," mated Misa Gertrude Stone, age 21, of Sere Ferrer., near Here Alston. Devon. "M appetite Failed, and 1 lo•gan to lone flesh rapidly. All the colour left my f a .1 ny batty ached all over. A doctor gave me medicine, but in spite Of treatment my health an:Oily got w,,r,."

tiolie became melancholy and despondent, and later lint all control over le, verve. After a time it contiuncus gnawing pain attar/to! tier Meals canned distressing flatulence, and at length she was attacked by Gastric Ulcer. . . . . . .

"F. r weeks'aud weeke," she contkited, "I lived on beef tea and milk My heart, too. got weak, dm slighteet exertion producing eevere palpitation. Even walking upstairs wan real waive ; it made me quite dizzy and faint. °/u last I heard of • friend who bad been cured of ffloodleenees by Dr. William Pink Pill, ,n I decided to try three

I pereevered with the treatment when the ulcers in my stomach became less painful, and my neryes became staady. Moon I was able to take and enjoy regnlar meals; food non. imbed ma, and after • time was able to get 'dna', anti did not feel exhausted. " After I had taken a steady course of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills all the distressing pains left me; my face had • go. el healthy cobur, and I felt trite Ike • different woman."

Write for booklet " Di•eases of the Blood," sent post free GO application. Dr. William.' Pink l'ills have cured Anaemia, Rbeumatism, After-Mon of Influenza, , Eczema. Neuralgia, Nei von Moonier., and Paralysis. Obtainable of dealers, or direct from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct, Indoe. poet free. 2s. Of. for one box, or 11,. 94. to six. Substitute, do rot cure, so ii.s"st on being supplied with fir Williams' Pink l'ills.

, Miss Stone • who found ' 4,17' a cure in Dr. 'Or , - Pink Pills, CL4 ' 1 so can you. ~ • .•-••• % •

===== 0002601_19110218_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
" CA REERS."

" Grata," for men, women, and child en—the latest publication of Mears. bleorge Nannies. Idd.,-- LB • very interesting and useful publication. It is to come cot fortnightly sod coma but • inodent 7d. Th.. who have reen it are loud in its praim, for it Is baser! cm Novel line, and gives practical advice respecting almost every occupation under the rlle. The publication I should especially appeal to Warrington and district I readers, as its editor, Mr. Oeorse b:dyar, i.a Warring- tloianand was, in fact,st oat time on the" Essmiaer staff.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
AKING POWDER.

BORWICK'S

. ~...., ' : ...., . 'NI . . .-. ,

"The Cook's Best riend."

===== 0002601_19110218_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW SERIAL STORY.

[ALL 1111,111 TA nrsERVI.t, 1

A MYSTERY OF MAYFAIR,

JOIN STRANGE WINTER.

CIIAPTER I. TIM BOURN IN MIVIIN

tt man a dark and dreary night, the driasle Ind slush inorca6ing the misery of the poverty - atriken street, down which trudged a nian in a well-worn and moth-eaten over- coat, which clung to his ill-fed body, show- ing every line of his slim figure. Ilis boots were nearly soleless, and he slid rather than walked the muddy pavement, pat rows of evil-looking dwellings such as gave him the heart-ache. The' Seven Dials is not a neigh- bourhood any man would select for his abode unless driven by atress of circumstances to seek some harbour of refuge, no matter how uninviting. Turning up the frayed velvet collar of his coat, and Jamming hie hat over his eyes, he showed by thin simple action how weak and depressed he felt. So great was his fatigue that he could barely drag one leg after the other, yet he persevered, for he must rest his heed itionewhere. With the back of his hand—slender, white, ant deli- cately fortned—be wiped away the rain drops from his eyelashes, the better to distinguish the numbers chalked on the sun blistered and paintlese door.. 'the wind-blown flame flickering inside the blurred glass aided him somewhat. 58, at last. I shall never know the in- fernal house, they are all so mach alike," maid he, eyeing the bricks and mortar from top to bottom. "Not a light burning in any of the rooms. My delightful fellow lodgers are on their usuaL nightly prowl, picking up any trifle that happens to come within their reach. A dashed neat of thieves, and the proprietor is the instigator and the receiver. A den, a hole that a year ago I would not have put a dog of mi. into. Twelve months --hanged if it don't seem like twelve thou- sand.'

Ile was in no hurry to mount the steps, but went on talking to himself in defiance of the rain.

1111111111 l What's the good? This miser- able shelter in preferable to roaming aim- lensly from park to park, from seat to sent, shivering, hungry, and cursing the day on which I wee born. Not • bite or a sup since the morning, nor a coin to purchase even a penny roll. To-morrow, to-morrow! Which shall it be, the emoted ward, the docks, or the river? I dread opening the door the landlord reminds me of a rapacious wolf, darting from his lair upon a famished prey to seine and devour, and there's three weeks rent owing, which I cannot pay. Showing hia beastly fangs yesterday, he yelled, 'lf yer can't earn money, steal it, but I means to 'eve my rent.' Where's the key?" groaned the miserable wretch, shaking the rain from his shoulders. " Lost! The key's gone, slip- ped through a hole in my pocket. Lost!" Ile mounted the stone stepe and leaned against the lintel of the door and wept. Mis- fortune, the prospect of the streets during the night, and starvation, made the once strong man helpless nnd weak as an infant. He babbled, " Lost, lost," over and over till at last the word had no meaning for him. Seating himself on the low area railings he endeavoured to gain composure. His chin sank on his chest, lie took no heed of the rain soaking through his clothes to his skin. Desperate he was, lint he lacked the courage to knock, he dared not reuse the bullying landlord. The rain increased, pouring from the rim of his dilapidated hat like the over- flow water from a glitter. It. heeded neither the fog nor the cold nor the wet; he was numbed to nu:tweed things, he was only con- -860118 of his deplorable plight. A homeless wanderer, reared in the lap of luxury, lie was now draining to the full the bitter dress of poveny. toe amino 1,5 a neon tread reached liie deafened lenses. Shivering, he drew himself erect, then crouched in the doorway. To his antonishment be found that the door was not latched, the re-action over- whelmed him, and he shed tears. But the wooNninh fit was only momentary, and he pulled himself together before moving into the close-smelling plumage. He sickened at the foul odour which assailed his nostrils, vet he exclaimed fervently, " Thank heaven fm under a roof to-night." The current of air blown in at the open door fluttered the strips of paper hanging from the neglected walls, rustling, rustling till the nervous man conjured up ghosts glid- ing to and fro in the dark, ghosts clothed in their ceremente. The frowsy smell pervad- ing the house filled his breast with repug- nance and he pressed hie nostriln tightly be- tween finger and thumb. His nerves were unhinged, his imagination distorted the slightest sound, and the dick of the latched door was to him like the report of a pistol. From cellar to garret all was silent an a church vault. Fearful of stirring, he stood rigid, hardly daring to breathe, preparing to explore lb° length of the passage. Every board creaked, though he trod like a soft footed animal, his ears, his eyes, his hands, his entire body quivering, for an invisible in- stinct warned him to be on the alert. Step by step he mounted the ricketty stairs, steadying his swaying weakness by grasping the bannister, till he reached the landing outside the door of the room he called his own. Palmed. Listened. His brain was racked .by the dread of something unseen. No noise, nothing but the wind and the rain. Ile groped towards the door handle, when gurgling moan rose an it were from under his very feet. He leaped back, panting in dire fright. ' What wan that?" he whispered. The house was flunk in the deepest stillness. The heating of Isis heart nearly choked him, lie reasoned and coaxed himself into a state of calmness and ventured again to advance slowly. The toes of his tioddened boots came in contact with something soft and yieldism. His legs gave way under him, end he clutched frantically at the stair guard for support, closed his "yea, crushing back the cry rising in his throat. Illinger filled hie brain with superstitio: a fancies, rendering him partially insa,e; bot feeling paused rapidly away, and he sought to pierce the gloom. His vision became secustomed to the darkness and he gazed fixed:li in the direction of the moan. Gradually in the Meekness he discerned an intensely white face. Gaining courage he crawled on hands and knees and touched it. with his finger. ' " "

"(treat God ! How cold," his teeth chat- tering. " Oh, for a light," he muttered, searching each article of clothing. In the ticket pocket of his coat he found a solitary match, which he drew onee, twice, along the boards. The night the tiny flame disclosed .orought back to him the pluck of former years. Hunger, thirst, and the claws of poverty faded, for stretched full length upon the grimy boards was a man whose tweed niotor rap had fallen from his head, revealing the ghastly pallor of the face. The brown hair straggled mar • high forehead, disfigured by an ugly bridee, caused by a blow from some blunt weapon. The features were refined, even to attenua • tion. An Irish fries., ulster enveloped the body, but the number of mother of pearl buttons • were imperfect, four were missing. His lower limbs were encased in spiral put• tie., but though otherwise fully clothed the feet were bootie.. Judging from appear- ances. the dead man behmged to the affluent !section of society, and it was a mystery how • gentleman heti come to be in such a den. Foul play might, without doubt, be as- sumed. and the finder turned over in his mind how to profit by the discovery. Un- locking the door as noiselessly as possible, the owner of the room carried the body from the landing, placing it on the bed. The door bitted, he nest sought for the candle stuck in a ginger beer bottle. The wick spluttered, sad at last there was 'airiest

light to see distinctly. If. unbuttoned and opened the ulster, placed hin band inside the vest. Not a heart boat. Searching the porketa he came upon an aluminium cane containing some delicately-cut sandwiches In another pocket was a small flask of th, same metal, full of brandy. The brute th..l lurks in the human breast hunger and poverty are sore to bring forth, and the famished gentleman !mum-r forgot his breed- ing, forgot the horror of his position and the fact that on the truckle lied In vaeorpne, and eagerly devoured the food, drank the trendy, and smoked a cigarette, enjoying the three thingn of which he stood mos in need.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER IL Till MAN ON THE BED.

The Honourable Alec Blandford wen the unworthy sprig of a noble heime. Ilia rela- tives, disgusted by his vagaries, his extrava- gance, his gambling, and sins yet more heinous, had long Rinse given him the cold shoulder. His austere fath•r and mother, proud of their name and their ancient line- age, had milfered tortures and exactions to prevent their sorrow from becoming public properly. All to no purpose, for their non, bent upon his own destruction, broke through the tmrrier that fences meiim from hum, and casting honour to the wind, he one day scrawled his uncle's signature to the back ot a bill, and after spending the pro reeds in riotons dissipation, coolly confeased his forgery to his astounded and indignant re, Wive, who virtually kicked his dishonest nephew Into the streeta, warning the iseape- grace that should he ever dare to show his face again at any 'of the clubs, racecourses. or should he in the fliture pester Lord and Lady Blandford for money, he wonld be in- troduced to judge and jgry at the Centra Criminal Court. The reprobate sneered at the threat, being under the firm belief that family interest wonld save hiSi from the penalty meted out to Common mortals. But when he read the trial of a man of noble family for a similar offence and the sentence of seven years penal servitude, he saw the folly of Ida delusion, and fearing ftat his uncle might be as good no his word, he threw up the sponge and wisely vaniabed from his seen-domed haunts, from the range of those who sought him most, moneylenders and demided creditors. Of these things Alec Blandford wail thinking while alternately consuming the sandwiches, the brandy, and the eigarette. lie was alike oblivious of his squalid lodging and of the silent guent, whose Bald he thought had flown to the shades of everlasting rest. The gnawing pangs of hunger were appeased, the spirit had warmed him blood, the tobacco soothed his nerves, and he almost fell into a sleep on the nide 01 the bed, but at that moment the body that had been lying like a thing of stone twitched, the feet curved, then straightened. The drowsy man was awake, roused to activity, and began to chafe the in- animate limbo, rubbing the hands and re- moving the tight fitting collar, and then drained the dregs of the flask between the pale lips. A low gasp, a long sighing breath, and the first urveldah deed of this stray lamb of Society was rewarded by the patient opening his mouth and attempting to speak. But the import wan incoherent, and Bland- ford listened in vain to catch the meaning of the string of words. The man on the bed closed hie eye-lids cad appeared to be clear- ing the mist from his mind. He raised him- self and asked for a drink of water, which was given in a broken clip. Then Blandford saw a deep gnsh in the stranger's head, which he laved and bound with a handker- chief taken from the breast pocket of the ulster.

~....-.. The cold water and the dressing of the wound revived the man on the bed, who be- gan agking questions. " Where am I?" glancing round the din- ordered and dingy room, a look of diagust and wonderment on bis countenance. " Under shelter, better than the wet sky, anyhow," was the cold rejoinder, for the con- tempt on the other's tare rather nettled the lodger. .

'Who are you' came next, anopicionsly. " A poor devil who is dead broke, a wretch who has tumbled from Paradise into Hell." . .

- . Th 9 injured man ',hook his head, only half comprehending the metaphor, and inquired: " Where's the motor?"

"The motor!" echoed Blandford, at a loss to answer. Tha 7,..nr—vw• sn,sncaAil Knot, ' c....lctinea at to Who this man could be. " Mv head throbe." "That'. likely, you've had a nasty blow. Bow did it happen?" " I don't know. Why am I here?" " I found you, as I thought dead, on the landing. Who brought you here I've not the remotest idea."

" llnsh! You speak too loud, we might he oceeheard," said the man in tones of caution.

.... ....... "No fear, the door is shut and locked," said Diandford, reassuringly. " Tell me your name." "That doe: not matter. The person standing before you was once apron a time termed a gentleman, at present he is a home- less ontenst, a wanderer likely to be pitched into the glitter at any moment, bag and baggage, only I don't happer to own any, by an iraseir;le landlord to nom I owe three weeks rent " The annonneeinent was accom- panied by a woeful shake of the head. The stranger lay motely gazing at the walls of the room. Cautiously lie asked: " The amount?"

" Fifteen shillings." 'No more! Absurd, the matter is settled." He was .yonng. healthy, and wiry, and he raised himself from the bed. supporting his weight on his elbow. Ile dipped his disen- gaged hand in his trousers pocket, he routed ont all his garments. and at last said: "Robbed of every cent. Of no consequence. I havg plenty elsewhere," he observed, not- ing his companion's disappointment.

... „ " Robbery and intended murder," ex- claimed Blandrord, taking in -the situation. "You must leave this den white the coast is clear. Stir, no delay." .. _ ._ . .. . . . ..

Ile gripped the weaker man by both arms, pulled him to his feet, but the stranger swayed for • moment like • drunkard, then fell heavily on the bed. "No use," he muttered. gloomily. " ran•t stand, my head spins, the things in th,r room seem to be whirling round and round,', II iA hand went to his head, and he groa with pain, which lasted only a few mome " Let me hasten to tell you who I while I retain my season." "Not no had as that, I hope," Kidd Ma ford, anxiously. Ile foresaw romplicati he might be accused of the crime, and were the witnesses to prove his in should this man die?

" Will you promim me if X do nA to bring the instigator of the atta Mee?" asked the man on the bed, e

"Mr.—whatever your name ma: ask me to undertake • task !hal

- brains. time, and money. Nunilwu conceited enough to believe I po.: ber two, well, I am a waster, an . . _

_ e euemy leisurely. Bet monv'

Cln you pay the piper, for whir iMrtal thing' earept robbery al .

" I don't want you to do -eithi st rAsigoeur. gurus who your enemy i "No, I do not guesA. I know 1 "Man or WOlllBll rlilesttoned "Woman,' the other said, aloy " • noble ta:ok," aneered Blal 'A tigerem, you'll find." "When you've matched your hers you will alter your opinion CASP of the compleAt. Come closer Blandford titepped quickly to II side. "A knife."

===== 0002601_19110218_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 18 1911..

" 'the last remn,its of lyiter days," Blandfoad, opening a pearl handled toy. ' Where's my rap?" "On the floor."

eye it to me.'

Obedient t.; this wish, Blandford picked up the cap and gave it to the owner, who ex- amined the cloth and lining critically. " Open the blade!" he said, curtly. As well an his trembling fingers would per- mit, he cut the stitching of the peak, tak- ing from between the stiffening several Bank of England notes, end eyed the man at the foot of the bed, who while watching every movement, vet showed no astonishment, for he wan of that class that never yields to im- pulse, or betrays surprise. " You're a gentleman." Can the term be applied to a scarecrow whose boots are minims soles, or nearly an, who, longs are threadbare, whose coat is worn to cobwebs, and whose hat is only fit for the dust bin?" Illandford kicked the of • fending head covering to the farther end of ,reret. "Once a gentleman, always a gentleman," said he on the bed. faintly smiling. • " 'Bake me on the strength of that, and am worthy of your confidence," exclaimed Illandford, looking forward eagerly to the . posseesion of the Itioney. I'm tired and worn out. If I could sleep I should soon be all right," said the sick . man. Then with renewed energy he de- , smnded: " Your name _

Token completely off hie guard, the other replied leniently. " Alec Blandford." .

"Mr. Eila-n.dro.r.iCthere is more in thia au- mai& and robbery than you dream of, and can only partly explain. But the entitle sense of my experience tells me that if I put You on your honour you may he depended on.'" "That's it," said lllandlord, doggedly, the blood slowly dyeing his cheeks, and inor- tification plainfv allowing in his voice. In truth he waa thinking that if this man in speaking of honour, runty knew the entnie of his downfall. lie might not ge so ready le trust him with a secret.

" You're down on your hick, bpt fortune it going to be kind to you," Wiling op the crisp notes. " Here is the means of gratify- log your desires fully and freely. From des- pair to joy is not such a wide gulf as it items sometimes. Your migorttines must have been many, but mine have been terrible, and what the end is to be, the good God only know," _

His voice changed with dramatic mulct n- oes, from deepest melancholy to strong, st passion, and he demanded : "Where are my boots? Did you remove them' he asked. • -

" Nay, they were not on your feet when I stumbled upon yon just now," said Bland- ford.

" Then bhe ia nearing the truth." eyee glittered, and he Fei.ed Blandford, dragging him near enough to whisper in his . .

" You must devote all your energies to finding thetn." " How?" asked Blandford, increduloinly. "Boots are so much alike."

"Not mine, the sole of the left one iA thicker than the right. Description, dark brown tan, new. Inside each boot in printed in violet ink a Maltese Cross, and the loom at the back are made of leather, not of web- bing." .

" A hopeless quest." remarked Blandford , not troubling; to conceal his disgust at the prospect before him. " Hopeless ! Not an when Toil have heard the history of my life, you will be the first to admit it.'

CHAPTER TH. THIS PTRANG6II.II !IVORY.

"Pardon me," interposed illoadford, " m 7 name you hare, you hare not told me your, "My name, my name," said the stranger, absently stroking him forehead. "I have forgotten it," fretfully picking at the soiled and rarzed counterpane. . .

Here was a dilemma, perplexing in the ex tri me, and Blandford might have e work& I that but for the hank notes on the bet, .hat the blow on the head wos enuing his eon,- panion to softer from delusions. So immersed wax he in thought, that he positively atarted when the stranger asked in a casual tone; " Ever mixed with Armenians?" " No."

"Lurk, for von." " Why said Blandford, auriondy. " Because they are the shrewdest business people g.l7ol7°rrir'el.atures eiisr capacitextraordinary."or do- " Bow do you know?" inquired Blandford, sharply. " For years I was a slave to one.''

Blandford stood for a while, debating in his mind what he had better do, for his own 'advantage. The chances to leave poverty be- hind was not to be lost. But could he be quite certain that the man on the bed was :sane, or was this a dodge to plant on him stolen or forged papers? Information he must obtain, therefore he whispered:

"Those notes are for me to carry out a cu.- ! tamp purpose, can they be safely cashed?" " Yea, they have been honestly come by. I lam not a thief." The eplphasis laid upon the last words , made Blandford winse. 'Nhey seemed to be cast at him, and he asked hastily: The amount?" "Three thousand and five hundred pounds.' ' And are you going to entrust them to me?"

The man nodded. ''Give them to me now," said Blandford, stretching himself to his full height. The prospect of possessing fonds was infusing a spirit of independence into his 6hrunken half- starred body! 'The stranger noted the change and smiled approval, but retained the notes, saving: When I've finished my story, and you know the task that lies before you."

" Begin, please; the landlord may return from hie nighely ramble at any moment," re• marked Blandford, significantly. The stranger smiled. " You think me • Fatuously atupiel person at the least," he said, "if not quite right in my mind. But you're entirely wrong, for memory is clear regarding my past, though the injury to my head has impaired my faculties for the moment. As a proof of that, my name has quite gone from me." sighing regretfully. " Concealment," thought Blandford, "art- ful bluff put on to throw dust in my eyes. I'll sort the facts to a minimum, then act on my own initiative, t• be ready for eventualities." "My recollections carry me to wheo I was a child of five yearn old, beyond that all is hasy. I was reared by a brutal nigher or guardian, I hardly know which to call him, whose harsh treatment frightened and crushed ; he did not bruise the body, his methods were to terrorise the mind, leaving his victim powerless to resist his commands. !My temper was stubborn and unimpresaion. 'able, but under the cloak of obedience, I at nays succeeded in having all the things I most desired. We lived in the midst of pro- saic London, in a Persian Palace. The man- ..

'on was built for occupation by tlw owner re before 1 entered it. The interior is a as of bewildering corridors and chambers, h hidden openings pierced in the walls in 'oun directions. You might search and arch the day through and not meet the per . - . . .

you wished to fad, if he was minded not reveal himself. There was Oriental lau. our and repose everywhere. The soft run- one invited the weary to rest, the beauty of decorations, the sparkle of the coloured 5, cut to repreaent precious stones, ed the habitation and the residents in • of romance not to be surpars,!. I the ruler of this splendour had risen e occupation of a water seller. It that he had been instrumental in the life of the Shah Naar-eel-Din, who his deliverer by an appointment which aye been highly lucrative, for in • few e amassed an enormous fortime. Then under the displeasure of the Shah, but timely warning thereof, fled to Erg ere the whole of his immense pile of as secreted; b t thin spot was known two persons, Trafford Khan, as he himself, and- -me-his tool.- ril raised his e3es at this. result of bad trussing.' he thought asked, you a relative of this wily Armen

• I ttoii t blitlO 1 .11(0 lever ovell ume fathom the mystery surrounding my birth. But to go on with my story." "Chancing to be behind a screen one day. I overheard a conversation between a caller nod Trafford Klian, Then I discovered that he was a plunging speculator and had gai,led millions by cornering wheat and other Inn., stuffs. This much I gathered, and more, the visitor required a cheque; Trafford HMI,. fidgeted and said abruptly, 'lll get you notes." Surely a cheque for such a large rum would be the safest,' suggested the other. To this the master did not reply, but mse from his seat and quitted the room. I at his heels. The thick carpet and my embroidered slippers deadened any noble I might make in follow log him. I thought I Was acquainted with the inferent galleries, corridors, sod rooms, but I had not gone many paces ere I was undeceived. The master suddenly rat, iahed, and I feared to linger, lest Miriam should see me."

"Miriam !" ejaculated Blandford, "who is sin?" rafford's daughter, whose beauty and wickettoess are shout equally balanced.. But ! saw not it creature, the Manalon was Mill no an uninhabited island. I raised inn in! after curtain, till a panel I saw projecEng gave the clue. Trafford hhan I ii paa,d through the narrow opening and I peeped into what I conceived to be a recess. Imagine my astonishmeqt when I bolo bl my tyrant prostrate before a large gold no del of the glowing sun. It is impossible to describe the effect this curiously built temple had upon me, aell the earliest worship nil the inlolator illereaneil My agitation. Ills disair jxqtrances from time to time were now ai• ernilited for, be indult{ in mystic ill us. It was the weirdest Kerne I ever witnes.4col, and will never be effaced from my memory. I raw in a corner of the temple a ringrill painted to represent the GI 4 of Fire and Flame,

- "This he pulled amide, revealing a door, on which my eyes we, rivetted. UM, bin right hroul he pressed a knoll, one of many which studded the door. The interior of this cham- ber won superb, the ornammdation consisting of life size silver peacocks, their tails (int- erim& and at the lip of each feather thorn searkled jell els of extraordinary size rat niagnifieenee. I eoubl dint i net ly hear from my hiding place the rind k. of the notes, for in the I. mule here dine an unnatural and ap- palling atilliiess. Arritind about was the splen- dour of an oriental potentate, defiled by superstition and greed. I now experienced an mkt sensation of dread, of being shut from the living world, eloaril in a es-pule/Irr. Wonlil the man never mime forth? A few minutes passed, then he glided by, and I wan alone. I felt as if I were drowning in the awfulnesa of a iwa of silence. An him else sized me to run from the vault, but curio- sity overcame thin trick of the nerves. I pulled aside the curtain and examined the gold.plated projecti ~,, a, they acre rinmerous, and my eye eould not alight for certain upon the particular one containing th,3 see ret spring with+ opened the door. "After trying se, eral the last went inwards under the premiere of my thwnb, and there through the opening wan revealed a perfect Alarlin's cave. I was entranced, the glitter of the anew -white silver birds and the bril- liancy of the fianhing jewelv filled me with ad• miration for their artistic. beauty. "My absorption WAN brought to an abrupt close, the floor swayed when I moved, then I distinctly heard the trickling of water below. The flooring was lout n platform held up by counter • weighta, whirl, were large hollow cylintle turnl an reeept roles for gold coins. no men entering together, RIM all hut the bare walls would be immersed in a huge cis- tern of water."

"A grand idea," exclaimed Blondford be- low his breath. " Dentioy the balance by stealing the money, and down the thief would plop into a bath. I should like to be intro- duced to your T.ralrord Khan."

" You inrobably will be to the daughter, if not to the fattier," said the stranger, grimly. "urn. How did you see these marvels?" asked Blandford, with an unbelieving smile. 'The temple and the treasure vault, call them 'lint you please, were illuminated as by a brazen fire, but how the light a-as obtained I could not nay. A fear rose in my heart that the panel by which I entered might have closed itself. The thought of such a calamity made me feel sick and faint, but a few short step, natisfled me that Trafford Khan had in- advertent'y forgotten to pull the sliding panel quite into the groove, no that, fortu- nately for me, the latch did not touch the hatirt. The distant hum of voices frightcued me, because I COW.' not be certain whether the talkers were iii the rear or in the front of me. How was I to trace the way back to that part of the mansion from whence I had come? In my anxiety to apy. I had not taken notice of the intricacy of the mazy route. Now I walked roond in a circle, always com- ing to the name quit from which I started. I wan absolutely tont. If me prying presence was discovered. I knew filial I should disap- pear—and I hated to think of death. There was a long life before me, of pleasure and love."

The stranger grew meant of breath and ceased speaking. Blandford saw that the candle WAR burning low, but he was too deeply interested, too eager to learn the sequel of this extraordinary history, to rare for that.

. . " How did you escape discovery?" he asked.

"I was agil, as a monkey. Above me there PAS it coloured glass donu., a thick gilt bar crossed the centre. Unwinding the broad sash encircling my waist, I tied my slipper to the end. and threw it over the roil The sash, doubled, would bear my weight, and I climbed to the dome, the glass was no ar- tanged that the framework would open and shut at will.

'Twinting the milk hand again about my waist. I clambered on the roof, recloaing the aection of the cupola through which I had panaed. I crept along the roof till an oven window was reached, and peeped in. The TIMM was tenantless. Leaping lightly to the floor, I found myself in the servants' quarters and by chance reached the lower part of the manaion autotimer-1.m1."

The sleet mid wind chock the crazy window and rattled the door, drowning the mmaker's voice. Illondford tumid pale to the lips, crept forward to listen. Not a nound ! Ile unlocked the door, glaneed outside and saw two small dark ',Neelo on the landing, these be snatched up. and again turned the key in the lock. In his hand he carried a chauffeur's leather cap and a purse, which lie surreptiti- ously opened. "Four sovereigns and ten shillinge in ail- ver, Jam prepared for the landlord," said Alec, fairly ditickling in his delight. An hour before the panic of despair had acized him, when he thought of the bully who owned the house; with money Blaiiilforil was ready arid willing to snap his fingers in the man's face. "This purse yours?' he asked tersely. The stranger nodded. "And ttnin cap" My chauffeur's—where did you find it?" "On the lauding wtiein I opened the door just now. You must have laid upon it, or I should bate aeon the cap and tbe puree be-, tore."

This i• a part of a rile conspiracy," mut- ltred the man no the bed.

..„.. " Will you allow in. to he banker till we leave this planer said Blandford, poeketting the parse. " Are we going together?" asked the other, feverishly, for he was oppressed by a sense of impotent helplessovis,

• By Jove, yes. my conscience. '

I don't want murder or

There wan a el Ultimeoue suppression that was irksome, each ~,,,, nent lost was a moment that brought nearer the chances of an inter ruption, and Blandford said sharply, It I ant to be your agent in unravelling the mystery surrounding your case, pleas boi,,h you, story, and omit nothing of mate. rial importance," he began, and at tint moment a loud thump on the door made bulb men start violently!

(To be Continued).

POLICE DOOR FOR LIVERPOOL

Ile Chief Creatable of Liverpool hes ordered a masher of trained police doge from Major Richardson's kennels at harrow to accompany the police in six out- lying districts of Liverpool r a night Iluty. The du, are to act ea SCOW/ to give warning of anythfhg vowed ma the lest sod to defend the constable if isitackrd. The report, from other tower where then doper@ in um have Induced the Liverpool 'authorities 10 tette this step.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19110218_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
"My Poor Back!"

The _ appiest Moments of a Wonen's Life are made miserable by the Pains of Kidney Disease —Back- ache, Ilcadache, Dizziness, Rheumatism, and that heavy, Drowsy Feeling.

!low CAN a woman go abont te lions WARRINGTON WOMAN. .1„ily round cheerfully, when her aching bnek and throbbing head ire giving her no 'Nice firer wren W.'. ufiee MIL A. Fou'inffloo, from morning to night? 31, Mersey-street, Warrington, made the state- mad ah ut the cure of her kidney troubles hy . ":"..td"r at' gele o etr Ple tbn ".; Dose's Pi 11.,, he 'IAA -" lam still well. I've net.t mre and iniserable,when she thinks of Doan..oh on seyend o,eeinne since, Iwi7ndili7r.alloVirehihnogueew'hti'rkldracwionrgriehtteraMildtthiae, b lenny roY try d ie li:limse, "CI :10;.1,11 nhaor likat's4tOieeribo miine of the children try her nerves, ROU without thee, is the hoes, myself." hioWly Rear he r down 11111i1 at h.( she HAS m,.„, ▪ original inatement is as gi ye up alingethi r. Lilies —"For two years I suffered agrunu Only too often she puts down her mysterious whit s ice me hack. mimed by my kidney aches and pains to the natural lot of her a., being out of onfer. The secretions from the and so she think. ti!e can never get well - that kidney. were unnatural, there was a paffinest very hopelesenees in itself one of the et mptome under my eyrs, and I weed tamale over giddy. of kidney complaint, the commonest if all I seemed to be full of wind, my rest at night amonset women, end yet no ofWn did no no goal and! grew very feeble. rnistaken for female trouble. " A neighbour sdvised me to try Dosn's !ills and I dill No. With the use of the pills I But don't he discouraged, for kidney disease nominally got better until Iw.. quite myself Is curable—aft Mr.. Fartingtonte cop "eon again. My kidneyn wire seeing properly, and .',:'f:rit'ar.a--Dol"din7llllllleadetco rirlinery 144;117;jii:on'talte- (tgiTger:dir A trt'oetgthaer3,tatYmPt°rna had gone. kidneys and bladder the eeme relief se an ordinary lax dive medicine gives the bowels, Donn'. Thorlinehe Kitinty err lid a and are of the highest value in .6010.1 of the heucO, i; hoer. 1.7 e. Del., all dealer., or from i-boys, bladder And urinary syetein -atonable Pnet, • 8, Writs-street, tweed. to derangement in the female constitution. care', Lon'l.4, W. go- Be sura you get the same Pills as Mrs. Farrington had.

.z.;:....„) ~ ~ziy, , / ; ,i, 1...:1. ,-• 1 r,-- —' . .„,,..,j _„, , , 1 ~ A.,.. t .P \ \ t , ~-,-... , is• ~ '/ -.-- • ' Ai: .i: - • si! . • v!:, \ i 1 /, -in ~t 11,, , ti , . \.4 t.„3 ,„ -,--,,: .„ ~,. , ,_ ti.. 4,-: • I ) ' •••• 10V , i .-.... ... • lla- '

===== 0002601_19110218_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
NYLL__,NEW 41,

STREET IMPROVEMENTS. IMPORTANT PR-OPEN-TY PURCHASES.

Mr. S. Gough and the Local Government Board Inspector. Mr.! rigor Dudley, an inspecr”r of the Local Government Board, held no inquiry at the Warrington Town Hall, on Tuesday into the spplication of lb. Grrporali in for unction to the borrowing of £2,515 for atreet improvements and £1,028 for the repayment of grrund rent on the Howley Itecreatim ground. Very little intereet was taken in the proceedings, Mr. S. Gough being the only critically helloed rznepayer to put Man •ppearance. Am ingot those present were the Mayor (Councillor Dr. Jo mph), Alderman Beneett, Musrs, J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), T. H. hipinks (assistant town clerk ), J. Fairtiorat borough treuurer), J. Houghton (chief clerk in the borough treoureee depsrtnrent), 'l'. Lonedin (borough .rveyor). fhe Town Clerk Said the Corporation desired misty years for the repayment of the loan. Ile then dealt seriatim with the different yroyerties with which the application woe conowned. Pint there was the ground belonging to the trustee. of Barrett*. I 'Cate in Knots- ford•roid. The Coporation purchased the premien occupied ma • pin menufactory In Zanuary 1907, with the consult of the Local Government Board. The buildings were demolished bet the 'rouses threatened an notion spinet the Corporation to compel them to carry out the covenant, ii accordance with the letup, to re-build. It woo Impossible for the Corporation to In that, or the oil. Val too nurser, bet they took over the land for £152 7s. 7d. The pi...et epplic ition was for the redemption of the ground rent which worked out at about £l5 per annum. Mr. Gough Is it intended to moll the land? The Inspector r I dare sly they would to willing to eell it to you. The Ton, Clerk said tit, land wits olTerel for sale by public auction but only one very anotli offer our foilh. corning. The area of the site went 1,301 wio-ire }arch. The neat property to which the Town Clerk ulled attention was a block or cottoges at the corner at Wharf-street and ttcrxeywtreet which had had to be acquire.l 10 .0 ibis the widening it Warrington Bridge from 20 feet to 'lO feet to be carrie.l not. Ike purchase woo completed in August last for 1:910. The area ocenpied by the houses way 557 yard. and during the oonstrool ion of Ike bridge it we. ,proposed to utilize this land au a Sellable place for the contractor to deposit bin building materials. Mr. Gough, haore putting queationa, complained , that be had not WOO • plan of the improvements in !gustation. Ile had nut, however, applied et the HOMY gh Surveyor'. office. ..

The Inventor : Don't you think It wonld bane been very much better if you bad thought there was • °hallos of opposing the application, to bare gone and asked the Borough Surveyor to allow you to me plans of the property in question ? Would it not bare been • more businesslike proceeding? Mr. Gough : lividence ought to be given here no that we can uniler3tand where the property is and what the cost will be to the rateinyers. The Inspector : They hare paid .C9OO for the "ZeTt.ten Cle k : And I have been offeror! £I,OOO for it since, so we canuot have paid tor much. Tbe Inspector : I will guarantee to my that 1,.. stranger corning to Warrington, could read the notice of inquiry, go int, the streets and hod our, without nay plan at all, cannily where the property is. Mr. Dough : There is nothing about hlersey.street on It. I will ask you to produce the notice. The Inspector : It has been read once and I cannot go over..evideoce twice. . . .

Th. Tows Clek7. Mr. Gough boArs very vre:l where is is.

If 1 could bare bad the plan for live minutes I cold hav• orideretrind the w bole thing. The Town Clerk : Mr. Goo.h aurally act. like this at theme inquiries. Having perused • plan, Mr. Hornh declared thet hr. was perfectly satialled. The Town Clerk said the next it,..... coy...A he the application was the exchnnae of premiers for Mews. Boots, cash chemist., in Bridge-street. The Corpora tion obtained a provisional osier in IWO for the pur- chase of the Info. old premises in Bridge-a:rest, rind it was prone/red to transfer the business to • plot of surplus land at Market Irate, which the Corporation had nconi red under the Act of 1599. 'The firm were thus pot bled with a new site in tar:More for Bic old one, and.. • result of arbitration proceedings, the eons of lt.:10 as coropcosation for dist...brines &c., was included I. the waviest applicatioa.A. fern, the Corporation sn. ocncereed, it was • very satisfactory rolut tor. Mn..,.. Boots had crecterl a very handsome builditte, accordance with the rupetiee ,lenighn olitsined by the Corporation for the comteuction at Market (sabot • circus 160 feet &moan Another shop which bed to be acquired atm that tenanted by Mr. Jam.. Smith, at Market Bate. Ihe Corporation liiilight he property, anti ct to a lemo, Many 3rorl ngo but the lease bad atill eleven years to run. Mr. Smith had agresl to accept £llOl. consideration of the torrninai Mon of the lease as reignited by the Corporation. It would, however, still be mos mull to settle a 1110 MM, by whom the shop wee autelet to Sir. !arid proposals were included is the Corporation 1:111, enable that to to done; lith reseed to Um Howley Recreation Hround, the

,r•-•pir,

Town Clerk erpl tined Ord I lae land no. taken on • 1.... In 1889, noon amis.l motel of £3t, 7.. 51. Tire area wee 9,127 'guars yards. On the death of Mr. Robert Davie/40hr and other ground rent, were pot tip for ode by 0•011104.111 e Corporation was represented end 'nee • bilk illgi itiNillot reach the remove price. In MHO, horror., 41/1111111 were •rranged, the Corporation acquiring Ike lend at 20 yes,, porchale. Tb. intereat at 3j per cent. annannted to £s3 12. 7d. per •nnum, about £3 leen then the ground rent. The Corporation had now the option of redeeming the ground rent and the oect cony authority eras now nought. Idr. 001011 : hit the intenti .n of the Corporation to lay the, land out es • recreation ground ? Ihe Tow,, CLan : Certainly. IThe I Nsi.r.. -mit.: What Is the pre•ent condition of Ike ground ?

The l'uwu CLOCK It i 3 an open playground. It might to very much improved and I hope the Corpora- tin. sill deal with it before hog Al:former) iIIMiRTT, al chairman of the Strret Improvement and Lighting Conimitteeriaid he regarded all the proposed improvements as very desirable one.. The inquiry Ives then closed.

THE FREE CHURCHES. C'ONFERENCR AT PORTSMOUTH.

' The annual conference of the National Council of the Evangelical Free Churches, which will he bold this year at Portsmouth, beginning on March it, will Mecum some very interestiog public queations. "The Christian Revelation from a ectotiflo point of •iew " will be deelt with by Sir Oliver Lodge. Tbe subject of Chriatien natty will be examined from different ' standpoints by the Rev. Dr. Foraytb, Canon Hensley Henson, the Rev. J. Scott Lidgatt anal the Rev. J. If. Shakespeare. Sunday school work and Free Church COMICii work are other subjects that will be brought before the Council. Meetings will be held for the di:collision of theological and sociological topics. Mr. Ramsay klanDonald. M.P., in the latter of these will speak ors The rause of the present tiniest is the labour world." Then, "1 he attitude of the prose towards public morals" will be defined and commented on by I speekera. " Welsh Disestablishment and the Corr.mission Report " is to be introduced by the Rev. Dr. W. Edward. And the Row. J. klorgan Oibhon. Preeideat (the Rev. Charles Brown) will give his address! no Tuesday morning, Meech 7.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO GET THICK GLOSSY HAIR.

No matter how careful you !nay be of y, or hair— how ohm or how faillifully you may abampoo or brush it— the hair cannot attain the thick gloomy brilliancy nature /Wendy: for all men, women awl

children no long us the dandruff germ in. sapping the nirerigth and vitality of the hair roots. Frevient brushing of the hair and • shempoo once every two or three weeks are both valuable side togainiog hair heauty, but they cannot destroy the dandruff germ. Bo far as known the only way to destroy this germ is to rub into the map twice • day • mixture prepared by mixing 300. It. Rum with dram Menthol Crystals and I no. !Avon. de Composoe. An this preparation not only destroys the dandruff germ belt in also a truly niarvelloa• hair-grocer, it Amid be applied only where hair in desired. Any chemist can limpets the above formula or you can pr-pare the ingredients and mil them at home : bat you meet ore it regularly; and be sure to brunh your hair frequently and give it an occasional shampoo. Avoid the freqnent use of hot curling-tong., an tlitiy reLil I oinke the hair dull and Melee..

4IMMINNEINW rouble You?

Do things ever item to grow misty and blurred ? T Ass to • warning of Byestrant and you should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble. By our ecienttfic testa we could ten If rwu

-6-,;;;;;.

supply

il;Ze which ;;u1.41. (me ths greatest Psmble beszat. Call to-d.r.

Evesszht Specianne. 73/ LORD STREET Rim me. LIVER rOOL

MATRIMONIAL MAIL 3°

Y,os Ist angled grotpper. Atiltortiomments appealka. to 4,11 Botts awl cottdition. of nee and 1.0171410 ataitindf roartirge.—Eurtftzto., Togui Tottos, !Isola.

Do your Eyes T_ \' NUEIVI7

===== 0002601_19110218_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ARCH ER 43 SONS

===== 0002601_19110218_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRICT

Moore.

Wesley Odin—Oil Wednesday evening Mrs. Gunnell cf Penketh gare an address on r` Work among women in India." In a very able and interesting way Irs.G,innell described the disadvantages and hardships of the lives of the Indian women and girls. Everyone present was impressed with the necessity of helping to abolish the state of heathenism which still exists argely in India. Miss Dutton presided and the warm feeling of the meeting towards Mn. Gunnell was expressed by Mr. James Banner and Mr. .1. Jackson.— On Thursday evening the annual home missionary meeting was held in the schoolroom, the Rev. E. B. Keeling, in the absence of the Bev. Walter Seed addressing his hearers in his usual earnest and impres- Sive manner.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Martinscroft.

WIS-4 EVAN CHl:Refl.—The ger, iCe at this church was conducted on Sunday last by Mr. Sidney Linley, of Lynim. During the afternoon service, Miss C. Elliott and Otis C. Doodler rendered solos. At the evening service Mr. W. Downwood rendered a solo which the congregai ion quite nppreciated. The two ladies mentioned above also rendered a duet Ins most pleas- ing manner. The services were very bright and cheer- ful throughout the dap. —-• • •

===== 0002601_19110218_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
tulcheth.

Cr Li II flit Corrxbri Hoar t,.—A grand concert was given m the Culcheth Cottage Homer on Wednesday evening lust by Mr. Birch's party of Bolton. The concert was opened by e pianoforte solo by Mr. Lawton end songs entitled" 'by Ships" and" Angus Macdonald" were very ably rendered by Mini Barnes. NH. Birch delighted his audience by excellent renderings of " English Airs" and" Fantasia on II Trovatore" on the I concertina, the latter item receiving a well-deserved encore. The star of the evening, however, Stai Mr. lope, eha created roars of laughter by his humorous eelections, each item being enthusiastically encored 1,7 the youngsters, who joined in all the choruses Wito cinch gusto.—Mr. Morgan, the superintendent, moved n vote of thanks to the party, end Mr. Lawson, who replied, mid that if all the °ricers were satisfied the party were gratified, end should be pleased to pay them another visit at •inie later die.

Lyon. Lymit Lilsoitut. A ssoe ATION.-00 Isiesday a lecture was given in floret's Pavilion on" Electoral reform" by Mr. S. Horowtx of the Manchester '95 Club. There was a very fair attendance. The lecture dealt chiefly with abolition of plural voting, the referendum end proportional representation. An interesting discussion followed in which ...el members took part. CONE RE I.ATIoNA E CHRISTIAN SERVICE BAND.—The meeting was held in the school vestry on Monday even- ing, a good number of voting people being Present Mr. James Hewitt occupied the position of leader, and en excellent aderess was given by Mr. J. B. B. Smith on "Social Reform." Miss Annie Miller rendered a solo, " I know not wkst straits me." The meeting concluded with short prayers by various members. LANTERN Ssarvice.—This service was again well attended on Sunday evening last in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom. Rev. R. W. B. Whiteway was the leader of the meeting, and the story was entitled, •• The Stolen Shirt," which contained a good moral on the drink question. It can illustrated with various pictures OD the screen. A collection wee taken at the close.—ln het Saturday'. " Examiner " it vane stated that Mr .Morn was the leader of the lantern service lent week. This should have teen Mr. H. Perrin, who conducted the service. - -

WK,LEVAN SONIM V So Hoot.—On Wednesday even- ing the scholars of this school gave an excellent entertainment in the Congregational Schoolroom. A very good audience attended and quite enjoyed the proceedings which consisted of the following :—Songa by yli, North Dawson, Mine Agnes Howell, Mr J Brazendale ; monologue and recitation by Mr L Worcencroft; pianoforte solo by Mr H Hudson :musical sketch entitled " Old friends with new fovea," "Sister Ann," Miss F Rogerson " :Mistress Mary," Dorothy Nhinstaniey;"llumpty Dumpty."Mr Erie Hudson ; "Jack and Jill," Mien Gertrude Ogden, Mr Charles Rigby ; "Mother Hubbard," Miss Nifty Winstanley ; "Little Boy Blue," Mr Alfred Msasey ; "Little Jack Horner," Mr Allan Brown : "Little Red Riding Hood," Miss Esther Rosen, ; "Little 80-peep," Miss Elsie Maine.. Choruses were rendered by the followins. Minces E Bell, A Dsniels, A Jones H Drinkwater, B Leigh, A Lewis, A Moore, L Oeden, Rhoda Wondbead, Ruth Woodhead, Msaters E Brown, V Hinton, C Lord, S Maim, T hloston, J Scenes, C Worrell. The accompanists of the evening were Mrs F Brown and Mr H S Brown. The scholare of the school are to be congratulated on this excellent performance. The proceede will be devoted to the buying of new hymn books, Au., for the school. r

PETTY SESSIONS. A HARSH JUDGMENT. RECONSIDERED.

The IWm-ro—l'estt-iSessivris held on Wednesday morn- ing were of more than until interest, es after a pro- ton on the part of an elderly defendant. the Bench (Messrs. A. Watkin, A. W. Callender sail J.E.G. Groves) shored their decision in a case in which Fred MorHs, jeweller, of Lymro, end John Walker, traveller, 33, Buttermarket-street, Warrington were summoned for committing a breach of the peace by fighting with each other on the 27th January. The former,who was repre- sented by Mr. Browne,pleaded not guilty and the latter "guilty TO lighting.' P.C. Gould said that he saw a crowd by the Cross in Lymm on the day in question echo went tip to Mr. Morris who told him that he hod hrd some bother with the other defendant, who had struck at him and in self- defence he hit back. Witness went a little further and saw Winker with his jacket off. He asked him what was the matter and was told that there had been a bother between him and Mr. Morris. Walker's hand was bleedinc. In reply to Mr. Browne, witness said that he did not see the lighting going no. Sergeant Washington also gave evidence and mid that he saw Walker in a fighting attitude nod Morris aparring round him. In reply to Mr. Browne,witnese said that Morris had his hands in his pockets at the time and when he went up to him he was told that Walker had greatly insulted bis wife and that he was protecting her in doing what he did. Mr. Browne submitted that he bail no cane to answer as there was no evidence to say that Morris was fight- ing. They Lad plenty of witnesses to pro that Walker grossly insulted Mrs. Morris. Moe-in wonld have been a cad if he had not taken Walker to task for what he had told his wife. . . .

The case egainst Morris was then dismissed, where- upon Walker made a speech in his defence. He said that when Morris pleaded not guilty "to fighting he trafl committing perjury. Morrie admitted to the Sergeant when be came op that he (Morris) struck the first blow. If they would kindly allow him he would show the bench what led up to the fight. No non regretted the occurrence more than he did, he paid. He was a man 0( 50 years commercial standing and he did not think he wanted any tuition es to what his behaviour should be. In December he called upon Mr. Morris oh,, gave him an order for a new went attach- ment for umbrellas. As the attechmente were not on the merket at the Lime it was decided that they shotild be delivered some weeks later and on the 29th January the defendant called at Morris' shop to deliver his fret parcel. As aims ass he entered the shop he saw thet that there was a remarkable chance—a stupid, churlish manner—in Sirs. Morris. She told him that she would not have the umbrella attachments., no he used hie persormive powern to explain the tiensactiun with her husband and she said that her husband had no right. to order them. She told him that Morris was out of the town. That was a lie—he oven drinking in the Fleece "at the time. Ile i Walker) won on his way to Manchester and although it was not pleasant to be bordered with the goods he told Mrs. Morris that he would take good care that she did not have them. He els° said, "If there any more women in ths world like you they ought to be drowned," and thereupon he picked up his articles and went to another tradesman. When be came out of the tradesman's shop he saw Morr a in the road and he asked him (Welker) what he had been insulting h • wife for. When he repeated what had taken place Morris struck him. no he atrock back. (Swing to the fight Morris did 15s. dameges to his goods. The C'o.is : You could have an action for breach of contract Mr, Mown° It is only fair to nay that the mild language which he ihas need in this court in not what it • alleged vol we heve witnesses to prove it. Mr. Welker : There was no con in the shop, only the charwoman, The Chairman remarked that even if faire. Morris bad repudiated a contract made between Mr. Morris and Mr. Walker it was not right that he should go iii in the way in which he did, lie would be bound over in the sons of £.5 to keep the peace with tis. costs. Mr. Walker : I won't he b.:ost over ; I will go to KM:Miami first. I will make a scandal of this while lam at It. She men we, drunk when he struck me end I was perfectly sober. The Chairman : Can you find a empty. Mr. Walker vehemently) : No, I won't attempt to had it. Fancy 70 years of SQ., and to he etruck by a scamp like this (pointing to Sir. Morrie The Cheri rm. t In defeult 7 days imprisonment. The defendant still continued to protest against the unjust verdict " and he was removed below. After other cases had bum dealt with, during which time the defendent could be heard protesting downstairs, Mr. Walker was sent for by the magistrates nod on his spire:trams the Chairman said that they had further considered the case and they did not wont to be harsh on Mr. Walker I never came •cross a more creel verdict in any life before.

LISSZED Co MPOUND (An ireed, S rein, Equill,To ao.) For Cougbs and Colds. ladc. am etc.—Advt.

' Eventually the defendant agreed to be bound over, the costs being omitted. AN Cs v suer...ran CHI i.p.—William Egan, Reddish View, Bush Green, Lymm, appeared in answer to a summons for the non-vaccination of his child Ernest, horn May 3rd. Defendant pleaded guilty, and having stated that be was not against the child being vaccin- ated, though his wife did not want it, was fined ss. including coats. TOP. TROUBLOCN 17)00.—lienry Thompson, builder, Lymm, was fined 2a. 641. for allowing his dog to he at large.—William Winstanley, DairyFarni, Lymm, was ' also summoned for a similar offence on the 14th January.—lie pleaded not guilty and after P.C. Jeff bad I proved the ca-44 the defendant stated that during the lest few months trampahad been going on his buildings at night. He thought it was hardly fair not to be allowed to leave the dog loose in the yard. lie could not help the dog getting out. Sitperintendent Okill remarked that the order was for the protection of sheep—lie was lined 2s. 6d. AN ENTRANCING NOV .—Jarnes Riley waggoner, Mona Cottages, fligh Legh, nose summoned for being in charge of two horses and a bury and riding on the same without reins whilst the same was in Beachwood- lane, High Legh on the Ith inst.—Sergeant Washington said the defendant was reading a novel at the time of , the indlacretion.—Defendont said he thought that the ' lane was not a main road or he would not have done it. —A fine of 59. was imposed. FOOTPATH CV, LlNG.—Fred Wright, errand boy, Ivy Cottage, Lynun, was fined Ss. 141 for riding a bicycle on the footpath ill the Hadley Hill, Ileatley, on the January ISth.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Penketh

COMING or AGE PAVEN.—On Turaisy evening Mr. and Mrs. John Owen, Station-road, gave n party to cele- brate the coming of age of their son, Arthur Owen who was 21 on T. eadey. The party wee held in the infanta school, Warrington-road and 70 friends responded to the invitation. Mr. A. Owen received many beautiful I presents and good wishe, during the evening which was well spent in music, games and dancing. Liemt kt. CIA:II.—On Saturday the shove club ' received a visit of a team of billiard players from the Runcorn Liberal Club. As this is an annual visit it is always looked forward to with a great amount of pleasure by the members of the home club. A number of gamee were played and 5 o'clock tea wan partaken of et Rnutledge's cafe. 'lea over, games were recommenced, and after the tennis had finished it was found that the home club was victorious hy 52. The return match is being played at Runcorn on Saturday, the 25th.

Croft. SO, lAL.—There was a gathering of upwards of 260 in the Council School on Saturday evening, the occasion being. social, promoted by the nsenibers of the Croft Church Choir, on behalf atone of their number Peter Sanderson), who hes been utialde to follow his employ- ment for a considerable time through Hines.. Dancing commenced at 6.20 and was continued with vigour till midnight. Mr. k:. Hurd. (conductor of the choir) wag the accompanist ; Messrs. John Mains and W. Taylor were the M.C.'s, and Messrs. J. T. Mains and J. T. "Send•rson were the steward.. The refreshment room was in charge of bliss Bate,assisted by Mrs. Broomfield. FIRE AT A WHI,T DRIVE.—An exciting and unrehearsed incident occurred an. whist drive held in the Council school, Croft, on Friday eveniog. A lamp hanging in the lobby, which was being used nun cloak room, became over-heated end the beani across the ceiling was discovered to be smouldering. On the lamp being pulled down the Mimes burst out and a cco- siiierable amount of damage was done to the slosh., wraps. Sic., banging there. But for the prompt action of the gentlemen in smothering the flames the , .

result would no doubt have beets disastrous. The attendance at the social numbered about 70. Dveving sod whist commenced at 7.43, the dancing being continued till half-past two next morning. Mn. I'. Iliirdits, was the accompanist, the %LC:. being Messrs. 11. E. Southern, E. Sankey and J. W. float. Mrs. Owen handed the prizes to the whist drive winnets as follows :—Ladies : I, Miss Stoat 2, Mite Lythgoe. Gentlemen I, Mr. W. Mammy ; 2, Miss Ball (playing at a gentlemen).

===== 0002601_19110218_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury.

DEATH or Mn. C. W. PutuTes.—We regret to announce the death, at his residence, the Ring-W-Belle, Daresbury, of Mr. Charles William Phillips, who was licencee of the above hotel for over 27 }rare. The deceased gentleman had been ill for about eight weeks tottering front inflammation of the brain, bet hi, death came sea greet shock to his many friends. Mr. Phillip. who was burn at Godstone (Surrey) was formerly in the employ of Sinners. Penmen and Knowles, Cu, Ltd., and on retirement from that Hem took charge of the Ring-o,Bells hotel. In politica he was an ardent Conservative, and wee Secretary to the Daresbory Habitation of the Primrose League. Ile was corres- pondent of the Daresbury County School, and had also been for many years a Freemason. As a church- man he held various office', at Daresbury Church. The funeral took place at Daresbury Church on Tuesday afternoon and, despite the heavy rain, many mourners assembled to pay their last respects to Mr. Phillip.. A service was held in the church before the fervent!, when the Vicar the Rev. T. T. Lee-Jones, off(cinted. as be did also at the graveside. A muffled peal was rung after the service. The mourners included MeG Phillips (brother). Mr Phillips (nephew), Mr IV Garnett, Mr Garnett, jun., Councillor Jenkins and representatives from the Warrington and Runcorn Freemasons, the Warrington Conservative Association, the United Order a Oddtellows and Warrington end District Licensed Victuallers. Many beautiful wreaths were SOW-

===== 0002601_19110218_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Padgate.

WE,I.EVAN JUNIOIt Grimm—At the Junior Guild, Mr. W. M right gave a very edifying and intereiiting tenyperance lecture which received the dorm attention of hie audience who were able to appreciate the good work being done by the Temperance Societies.

WF,I.F.VAN CIlUlt, H.—On Monday night at the Guild meeting a very amusing and interesting lecture was given by M.. Uladding,wifo of the resident minister of the church, entitled "The disabilities of a minister'. wife." Mrs. Gladding, who spoke from long experi- ence, bad been able to appreci•te the humorous as well as the sad side of the Ii to of every ministers wife, and she showed the disadvantages of having periodically to move to fresh places and go among strange people. She also related in an attractive way many humorous incidents which had happened in her experience. At the close Mr. Dak in proposed a vote or thanks, Mr. Lunt seconded, and it was heartily carried. WEDDING AT CHRIST CHURCH.

On Saturday last at the above piece of worship the wedding took place of Mr. Peter Lytligoe, of Fears. head, and Mies Hannah Stringer olaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stringer, Fearuheed. The ceremony was performed by the Nev. G. W. Dickens., M.A., in the presence of a large congregation. The bride wore an amethyst costume with hat to match trimmed with roses. Miss Polly Stringer end Miss NI. Taylor ware the bridesmaid.. Mn. P. Stringer (father), gave the ' bride away and Mr. Albert lythgoe waa the best man. After the ceremony the wedding breakfast was partaken of at the bride's parents home. List of presenta ; Mrs Lythgoe, furniture ; Mr and Mrs P Stringer, furniture ; Miss Stringer, kitchen utensils ; bin and ! bins F Lythgoe, bedding ; Mr and Mrs A Lythgc e, sheets ; bliss A Lythgoe, Duchene set ; Miss Bate, table cloth ; Mr and Mrs Houghton, fruit dish ; Mr and Mrs Webb, table cloths; Mr and Mrs Highani, baking board and pin ; Mr and Mrs Ward, rocking chairs ; Mr and Mrs C H 11.rrison, pair of pictures; Miss 'Taylor, trinket set ; Mr end Mr. J Mason, toilet set; Nfrister E Meson, hot water jug, teapot and stand Mr and Mrs Turner, kitchen utensils ; Mr and Mrs Harrison, bread board ; Mr J Houghton, tablecloth ; Mn and NI,. Wm Hughes, table- cloth ; Mrs Sankey, duchess° set; Mn and Mrs Hemp- son, photo frames ; NI r and Mrs Pearce, fruit dish and ; bliss M Taylor, fruit dish, glass jug end cake • stand ; Mr and Mrs .1 Bate, cake stand and paper each: Mr and Mrs Tattersall, cutlery ; Miss S Bate, celery glee. ; Mr and Mrs Johnson, quilt ; Miss Johnson, sideboard cloth; Miss S Johnson, d'oyleys ; Mr Worrell, book end doyleys ; Nlsster Ernest Monk., riddle ; Miss E A Bate and Mr J Barton, plant pot end , stand.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
SPINAL PARALYSIS. Discharged incurable (Nan a Hospital. Remarkable revilts achieved by DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS.

Mrs. Sanders. 1. Saddleld Place, Alphington-streetul St. Thomas', Exeter. writes t "sly little daughter suffered for two years from spinal paralysis, being absolutely helpless. A good portion of this time be was trested eta hospital, but eventually diecharged as incurable. I was at a lose whet to do, when I deter- mined to try Dr. Cusell's Tablets, and very shortly movement came to the legs, and she got stronger in the back, until now, I am glad to say, she can walk ebiptit, and I. quite strong end well. .

De. Cansel's belles, will cure ell forms of nerve, organic and physical weakness iu children or adults. Price 104 d., Is, lid., and is. 9d., of all chemists. Send 2d., in stamps to fir. Cassell's Co., Ltd., Kin-street IV., klancheeter. for a free trial boo.

STEEL TARGET PENETRATED AT FIVE MILES. In a trial of high explosive shells against an armour-plated target ia America, four twelve-inch shells penetrated the target at a range of nearly five mil..

TENASITINE: a New Liquid Cement for Mending and Making. In tubes Id., 2d., 3d., 64.—Add.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Grappenhall.

MEETIN,.—On Thursday night the first of • sera of meetings was held in the Independent Methodist Chapel, Cimppenhall. There were pre- seat Mr. Alfred Raildrth (chairman of the executive, who occupied the chairshe was supported by Couecillor C.Jackson Holmes, If'., Messrs. J. Keeveorthy, W. Barton,F.Fox sad fl. Carter. Mr. Charles Holmes hmith• 800, of Halifax, was the speaker of the evening And his subject was Lend values in relation to local sod National taxation." The Chairmen, in introducing the speaker said that they were very fortunate in securing a gentleman of Mr. Sniithson's ability and knowledge on this subject. Mr. Smithson had made a special etudy of the re-adjustment of Local and National Texation. Mr. Radii rth pointed out many of the injustices of the prseent system, showing that while the land may Appreciate in value, it may have the effect of depreciating the buildings upon it. Mr. Smithson, who had a cordial reception, then addressed the meeting at Isngth, and his instructive remarks on the many questions effecting land taxation were listened to with close attention. At the close of the meeting Mr. Nenworthy moved and Mr. Frank Fox seconded a hearty vote of thank. to Mr. Smithson and included also Mr. Haden!, chat rruan. This was carried unanimously and with applause.

Stockton Heath. DARESBURY LICENSING SESSIONS. A SOBER DIVISION.

The Licensing Sessions for the l'ett) Sessions Division of Daresbury. were held at the Mall Cole, Stockton Heath, on Tuesday morning. Mr. J. Charlton Parr presided.

RYPORT. Superintendent Ennion submitted his snood licensing report which stated that there were now 20 licensed victuallers aril three beer sellers in the petty sessional division, giving tin average of 047 people to nob house on the present estio]ated population. There were no licensing prosecutions during the sear, which was the seine as 12 months ego. Six persons had been prosecuted against for drunkenness, five of whom were convicted, as compared with nine prosecuted and nix convicted during the the preceding veer. Of the six persons proceeded againet for drunkenness, four were residents end two nun-residents. The alterations to licensed premises approved I y the justices had been carried out in accordance with the plans submitted. The licensed houses, the report added, had been well-conducted during the year. The Chairman congratulated the police and the Division generally on the very satisfactory report brought before the Bench. That no beerseller. be said. had been prosecuted an most satisfactory, and proved that drunkenesa was on the decline. Considering the increase in the population the report was doubly satis- factory. Its an also glad to see that the hones had been well conducted during the last year. The r. port made good reading to the Bench soil to the public generally. All the existing licences were renewal. Stockton Heath Garden Society. ANNUAL Mai

===== 0002601_19110218_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VEAR'S PROGRESS.

Though the work of the Stockton Heath Garden Society during butt year was extremely commendable it did not receive the support necessary to put it on. firm financial basis as the report of the treasurer showed at the annual meet inn held in the Hall Cafe on Tuesday evening. Sir Gilbert Greenall,Bart. (president, presided over a good attendance. Supporting him on the platform were Messrs. A. Fawcett (hon. secretary), 'and Dr. E. Fawcett 'hen treasurer). The Secretary read letters of apology for non-attend- ance from Meagre. t). C. Pair r..nd W. H. Woodcock.

THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The Cheirman remarked that though a lot of good work had been done ho the Society during the pant yeer, unfortunately, chiefly from the cause of weather, toe finances of the society were not in the state that they would like. lhere was a marked improve- ment both in the larger and smaller gardens in the district and be thought that if unly on that account they should claim more interest from the people living in the locality than some of them were prepa•ed to give at the present time. There was no doubt that nicegerdens did a tremendous I lot to brighten and make pleasant the village as well es gins delight to the gordenere. Therefore, they should all help to make the district the nicest suburb of Warrington. Agplause.) ,nother side of the Society's operations which needed encouragement was theta( the junior members. In time the adults would all have to . peas awry sod the junior members would become the older members, and they svonld like to feel that when they had finished their work that the society was in a much more flourishing condition than when they were connected with it. They should, therefore, encourage the younger members to ge on the summer rambles. (Applause.) He War not sure whether the bulb show might not be dropped force ime. (Applause). UOMAIITTEE'S RETORT. The report was as follows 'M. Committee, in presenting their annual report, feel that ths re is very little of a special character to wh.ch allusion need be snede, hut several points concerning the general work of the society will rnquire very careful consideration. The junior section, which took definite shape last year, has continued to show evident signa of vitality, although it has not 'nen found possible to devote as much attention to it as it was originally intended to do. The Committee feel that this side oi the work of , the Garden Society ought to be fostered as much as possible, providing it is done with care and with due attention to the fact that the children should be encour- aged and attend to their own plants, end parents ehould not be encouraged or ellowed, to permit the juveniles to show plants or flowers, Which have not Veen entirely under the care of the children. ilhe walks taken under competent gu.dance were much enjoyed, sod iii of tko members attended one or more of them. Tuis thanks of the com- mittee are doe to Mr. Dunlop sad to Mr. hidden for the care they have teken to make the rambles a EWERSn. With reference to the general work of the society, the roost important is, of course, that dealing with the August show. It was thought ad•isable to attain revert to the field at Wilderepool as beine generally most convenient to both mendiers and visitors. Its use was again granted by Messrs. Urcenall. Whitley and Company. Limitedend the committee express their thanks for the kindness Wended to the society. The , show from the point of view of exhibits was again an unqualified oneness, an I the judges repeatedly expressed their astonishment nt the high ijoality of most of the plants and flowers shown. It is easy to observe the recent rapid advance lathe quality of the exhibits, and the committee feel considerable gratification in this result of their carefully planned work of past years. It is to regretted that the entries were somewhat fewer than on previous oecsait as, and the menibers of the Nociety are urged to keep ever in einw the varinus shows of the society no that timely preparation racy he made to provide exhibits of competitive quality. The Committee have again revised the schedules and have pro•ided for all reasonable equirements of the exhibi- tors." The Committee also thanked Lady Egerton of Tattoo for opening the show and men- tioned that they thought the attendance was militated against bv the Inclement weather. The committee bad decided to recommend to the members the desirability of discontinuing the holb show after this year as it Wes always a distinct Into. The report concluded : Another unfortunate feature of the year is the considerahle falling off in the number of members. There are this year 5., as spinet 7-In last y.r. It is hoped, however, that every effort will be made to remedy this, so that the coming year may prove a record in the Society's history. It he felt that the work of the society is such that it most nenesserily appeal to all lovers of elants and flowers and that the work will haves pcnnanent effect upon, the district covered by the operations of the society. In CORCiuRIOD the committee eopreen their thank. to Sir Gilbert Greenish for the assistance and sopport he has rendered during his year of office no pr.ident of the society. (Apelause ) They also wish to thank the Ladies' Committee for their generous help in connection with the refreshment tent at the August show. (Applause.. Mention most also lie made of the enciery's orchestra which on all important occasions ba tendered eery valuable help. ,Applanse. The Cheirmao proposed. Mr. Mynekyn seconded and the report was carried unanimously. THE 13./.1.A, E SHEET.

The balance sheet incloled the following items:- 11.19 show, to prize money. entrance foes, Ski., £3 11s. II d. by printirg, hire of rooms, £l4 9e,— August chow, gate, prize money. refreshments, N.e., £O9 15s. Si.: worte prizes, biro of touts, and sundry items, hr., £ll4 19s. 1 Id.—October show, £2 19s. and £l2 Ts. 3d. On the genera, account there was a debit balance of £25 N. , 31e. Hall/oil thought thet prize money should be abolished,because most of the members did not need it. Or course prize money ahould be given to the juniors, to the gentlemen's gardeters, and the 'beck yard" . . . .

Sir Gilbert remarked that he did not think they should abolish the prizes as they had not yet reached the millennium. (1./nicht.,

Mr. Hallard : It might be reduced. Mr. Gorton ...need Mr. liallard'e recommendation. Mr. F. A. Jenkins proposed and Mr. Fletcher eeconded the acceptance of the balance :meet. Mr. Elallard's recommendation was rejected by a large majority,the balence sheet then being declared by the chairman as passed. OFFICER- 1-.I.EcTED. .

Sir Gilbert Green's-11-we; -u'rta-t-ti.mously re-elected president and lest year's •ice•presidents were again appointed. Messrs. A Fawcatt,E J White and D E I Watson were re appointed hon. secretary,assistant hon. , secretary and treAsurer respectively. The following commltreo was vpointed :—Nfessrs. E Bradshaw, D S Rirrell, J B Ranter. J W Bouchier, G A Dunlop, T Edden. James Bell, 1 H Fletcher, M W Great, R Gorton, H B Houghtor, 0 Hudson, J. 10.1 Holt, C %V Hallows, F A Jenkins. .1 McDermid, .1 Owen, J H Nevin, F A Batiste- no, C J Stone, %V Skelton, W H Woodcock, C Wilcockson and J R Wood.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDN

WIDNES OLD FOLK W TREAT:

Folly SOO old folks reeident in the horoush partook of their annual trent, et the Drill Nell. provided by the local committee. At the clone the men received 20,. of tobacco, and the women Ilb. of tea. A successful concert was afterwards held, over which the Mayor (Councillor F. Neil) preeided. WIDNES MUNICIPAL BY-ELECTION.

Nominetion. were handed in at the Town Hall, 001 Wedneaday, for the Victoria Word contest. for the seat of Mr. Pierce Tahoe. There are three anpirants for the honour :—Lieutenant-Colonel O. E. Sayre, quarry pro- prietor, lialehauk ; J. J. F. Ainsley, prufeeeor of music, Highfluld road ; sod E. Roberts, joiner, Reay-etreet. The election takes place on Thursday next. SWINE FEVER AT RUNCORN.

On Monday, Mr. W. Worrell, of Runcorn, was corn- I palled to slaughter twenty pips in conaequence of an outbreak or Mine fever, A few days ago a pig died, end a post mortern by an Inspector of the Board of Agriculture revealed that the cause of death was swine fever. It is anticiyated that Mr. Worm tin drastic action will stamp out the disease in the diatrict. LICENCES FOR AN ATR..GUN.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOYS FOOLISH PRANKS.

At Runcorn on Monday, when Albert Hadley and Robert Leather, of l'orlostreet, were charged with carrying guns without baling licences. A boy named Reginald Ford stated that the lads had guns on waste land near their homes. Because he would not clear oft, they shot him in the leg. The Chairman : Are they boy scouts, or what ? (Laughter,.

Detective Davies said that thirty or forty panes of glass bed been broken of Victoria-go ad Council School, and Leather admitted that he had tired at the windows from an entry adjoining. He said it was a good lark, and frightened he Judy teachers. The boys were now very penitent when Mind m. each.

RUNCORN LICENSING SESSIONS. OBJECTIONS TO "CHALKING UP."

The annual licensing sessions were held at Runcorn on MOOllO y. In his report, Superintendent Ennion said that there were fortL -four licensed victuallers in the district,with thirty-four hearten,' sad three oil-licences. One licensed victualler had been proceeded against during the year, lint an. not convicted. No beerseller he teen prosecuted. During the year ninety-three persons ' had been proceeded against for drunkenness and eighty-six convicted. Last July the Friendship Tavern nail the Welsh Harp were closed, and in December the Brunswick Inn, the Spring Vaults, the Swan Inn, and the Village Inn were shut up. In each case com- pel:m.o°n had teen paid. No structural slterstions had been made in any licensed premises during the year. -1 here are two registered clubs in the division, and both have been well conducted. The police had ascertained that "chalking nip" scores was permitted an thirty-one licensed boos s in the district, and the Chief Constable of the county naked that these facts should he brought before the notice of the licensing Matinee. The licensed hontet. with one exception, had been well conducted during the year. The Chairman of the bench (Mr. F. .1. Normanl said that the report tsars satisfactory. There was an increase Inc the amount of drunkenness, but the non-residents were responsible for this and not the residents. The htoch did not like "chalking up." Ilia brother magis- ._

testes asked him to rrquest the licensed victuallers to cloacae with it so far es possible. The Bench decided to hold over the licences of the following ber,houses : The Wheat Sneed, Bridge- street ; the Marine Arms, Percival's-lane : the Man- chester Arms, Bridge-street ; Crown Vaults, Heath. coed ; Queen's Head, High-street. The adjourned seesions were tined for March 6th. RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Council was held on Tuesday afternoon in the board- room of the Dutton Workhouse. Mr 1' Wright pre- sided and there were present t—M J Bolshavv, E Britch, G Egerton Warburton, J Whitlow, T ;Warburton, J T Baxter, C E Limiter, sea.. .1 II Davies, F Burrows, F Wright, S Woodward, W Herrison. 0 Pilling, .1 L Jones, T Billington, It Nixon, J Spruce, J Hallows, E Hewitt, T Antwise, G F Ashton (clerk;, J Farrington (inspector), W Diggle sad J Swinton (surveyor). TARRED ROADA ANL, ETTECT UPON FISH SOD CATTLE. The Clerk reedo letter from the Clerk to the Cheshire County Council, enclosing a circular from the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, and asking that the matter be brought before the Couucil for their consideration. The circular stated that complaints bad been received by the lloard of Agriculture nod Fisheries for pollution of streams, and cousequent damage to fisheries by washings from newly tarred roads. The Board while fully recognising the importance of modern improve. meats in roaclonaking felt justified in asking thaa pre- cautions should be taken to prevent the washing of deleterious substances into teeter containing fish, It was also suggested that steps should be taken to determine the relative risks arising from the use of different preparations for road treatment. The Chairman remarked that so for as that Council was concerned the roads were made in such a manner that where tar was laid on the roads, the water would not have the chance of being cimsumeil by cattle. Mr. Antwis said that if the water from tarred roads were donne by cattle it would be a serious to itter. The water from such roads should not be allowed to go into the streams for drieking. The circular letter was referred to the Ilighweys Committee.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
110 Vb INO.QUESTION.

Mr. Woodward glee notice that at the next meeting of lb. Board Committee he would name a committee to ccnsider the inspector's report regArding 24 house. which he had inspected at lielshy under the }lousing and Town Planning Act of

1..47}11, FOR 'III

The Theßeall and Grappenball Lighting Committee recommended that Street lamps be placed near the Post (Mice at the corner of Lymrteroad, near Thelwall Cottage, at the junction of the roads from 'Chelsea!l village to Lynam ; by Thelwall Station at the junction of Ilalf-acre-lane with Stocktoh Beath to hymm-road ; also in Beaste.lane: also tnat it be a suggeation to the hymns room Council that the expense of a lamp at Tbe!wall Brook should be borne by their parish. The recommendation was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

DEATH OF MR. GEORGE GAMBLE.

We regret to announce the death of Mr. George Gamble, fourth son of the late Melavid Gamble, Batt., of St. Helens, which occurred somewhat suddenly et Hastings, 011 Tuesday morning. Mr. Gamble was fifty-three years of age. Prior to WM he was associated with his father in the management of the Gerard'a Bridge Chemical Works. For some year. Mr. George Gamble had resided at Winchester,' but lately at Hastings. He leaves e widow, twtsakms sole daughter ... ..,...-.._.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
CV LE CLUB DINNEE: AT ST. HELENS.

The —annual dinner of the St. Helens Recreation Cycle Club wits held on Saturday evening, at the Raven Hotel. Mr. J. Poole presided, the attendance including representatives of the cricket, football, bowling, and harriers clubs connected with Messrs. Pilkington's glass works and collieries. The tacit of the firm was drunk on the proposition of Mr. T. Railton, who said then they were all glad to welcome Colonel Windle Pilkington back again to the works after so absence of some weeks from indisposition.—Mr. It. If. Bowles proposed the visitors, which was acknowledged by Nlesrs. W. Inmon and 11. Saunders, of the St. Helens Cyclists Club. BOATHOUSE FOR ST. HELENS PARK.

Mr. R. H. Bickoell held a Local Government Board inquiry at St. Helens, on Wednesday, into the applica- , lion of the Corporation for leave to borrow £1,200 for the erection of a b00th..., office. and launch-shed at the Taylor Park. Mr. Turtoo, deputy town clerk, said that same months ago the Corporation Cat. to an arrangement by which hosts were placed on the water at Taylor Park, end it was desiral4e to have the bent- hou.e, etc., for the convenience of the public. The hosts had been trsed very esteosively. Mr. lite sell said it was a very large sum indeed to ask for a at- knave, and it was doubtful if the board, unde tie 1 circumstances. would grant the application.

FAT L SHORT-CUT HOME. Mr.Brighouse held an i wiriest at St.lielens,on Salted on the body of Henry Gaffney (SL, colliery lai.coirer Buttonwood Cottages, Buttonwood, who was kill Thursday afternoon on a siding at the Southport, belonging to Messrs. R. Evans end Co. Mr. produced plans, and it was stated that on Thu when leaving work, Gaffney went along a siding way home lie stopped to speak ton waggon ter named Gibson, who was working on three sca which were standing on tin' siding. They stood ing, with their backs to the waggons. Shunting going on, and two waggons were sent into then, with considerable force, and deceetied tan kno down and Fun over. Gibson was fortunate in pun and being partly pushed out of the way. Mr. Mot suggested that this aiding wan not a right pine. , waggons to stand while they were being repaired. , jury returned a verdict of Accidental death" ' suggested that whenever waggons were being sepal in the sidings like this a red flag should be tiled / 'rattling. Y.X.I.C.A. CONFERENCE AT ST. HELENS. The sixteenth conference of the South West L shire group of Young Men's Christian Associations held at St. Helens on Saturday. Representative@ present from the local association, from Live Central and North, and Liverpool University Chi l'nice, as well as from Ashton-in-Makertleld, E town, Prescott, Wigan, Warrington, Runcorn Golborne. At the conference in the afternoon. was reed by Mr. R. H. Fisher, of the North Liv Association, on "Obstructions in the Path,

' LIS:S7ED COMPOUND' for Coughs, Col, Brouchiral troubles. 91. d., Is. lid. Of Oxon's%

Associt ton Progress." Mr. Edward Meigh, of Liverpool University,tupported by Mr. L.. J. Myers, of Wlgan, introduced the question of " Responsibility of Meirthership," which one fully discus...l. In the evening tea wan provided by Mr. and Mrs. A. It. Mich- 11. A public debate was held Inter. Mr A Marahall, president of the St.Helens Debating Society, presided, and the topic discussed wits .• That the supremacy and betetiottricei of the British Empire are on the decline as arid influences." Liverpool Central members argued in the nflirmative and St. Helens opposed. A most interesting discitasion ens ued.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS FHIF.NDLY, , S?CIETN" OFFICIAL

PItO3ECCTED.

At St.Helens on TP11.44.• Thomas Itlrn,n Imersoller,of the Bear's Paw, Wee•ll4d-street, wee brought up in , custody on a charge of stealing as bailee the .um of £320 18s. 4d., belonging to toe British Queen Burial Societ., of which he was • trustee. Nlr. Tickle, who eppeared for the society. attted that primmer was charged with ibaling certain gump of money belonging to the British Queen Burial Society. tie was only arreetel late the previous afternoon, and he (NIL Tickle) was going to apply for a remand. There were a number of charges to be preferred against the Remised. . .

ac.dmoo. Tv, officials of the society gave evidence that at i various times prisoner seas antborised to invest three sums of £101) in the St. Helens Corporation, but only one slim of £lOO had been so invested. Mr. Swift mid he had Rmple hail. It was a case requiring considerable inveatigatico, an.l it would he impossible for the prisoner to prepare hie defence if he were not allowed hail. Sergeant Staveley mid that when be arren,ed th• prisoner and road the werrant over to hint, be Raid, The trosteos are trytng to pat it on my back, and tt ey are as had as me." Prisoner was remanded for a week, and the mettletrates allowed bail, prisoner in £5OO and two suretie. of £2O each.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

HAVDOCE INNKEEPER'S SUDDEN DEATH. Considerable regret was occasioned at Haydock on Wednesday by the sudden death of Mr. Thomas Platt, the Isnillord of the Wiiggon and Horses Hotel. Platt was about forty-eight years of age, and had been in bis usual health, but on Wednesday morning, shortly before ten o'clock, he wan seised with sudden illness and died before Dr. Dowling could be brought. The family brae occupied the Waggon and Horses for a greet number of years, sad deceased was highly respected. MR. SEDDON ON HIS DEFEAT. INTERESTING GATyKylscs IN NEWTON

===== 0002601_19110218_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
DIVISION

An entbuisatic gathering of the supporters of Mr. J. A. Seddon, en-Ill'. for the Newton Division, met at Oolborne on Saturday night, when there won an interesting series of presentations. At a gathering in the Congregational schools Miss Marie Lowe, on behalf of the young people of Golhorne, presented to Mr. and Mra. Seddon a silver and cut glue baled hoist and celery dish, while Mr. W. Lowe presented to Mr. Seddon a purse of gold from his supporters in Goitsorac. HO remarked that Mr. Seddon had rendered invaluable service both to the Nesseon Division and to the country in general. (Cheers.) Mr. Seddon, in returning thanks for the presentations, said they were not celebrating a victory. list defeat bad always been the testing time, both for men and natio. and alter the great surprise of the 7th of December last, when their opponents were almost as surprised as themselves, he was more than touched by the grim determination made on the spot by his loyal supporters that what they had done in the past would pale into insignificance as compared with the heroic efforts they would make to wipe out the defeat of that night. The other people had bad celehrat ions— celebrated their final (cheers and laughter.. They had had agencies at work which were siot a credit to any party or to soy party Otto any member of Parliament, and it he had to rely upon the tyranny of employers.and sell tickets to get peopie to come and hear him, he v.ould have felt as disgraced ea a member of Parliament as those employers were who used those tactics. !hear, bear.) The chairman ha' referred to the unequal struggle begante of the plural voter, but the daya of the plural voter were numbered (chertr•) What he protested against, and would always protest against. was the insidious tyrianny of the employers in the Newton Di Wkiol2-- cheers)—and it spoke volumes for the Wilk spirit and the backbone of a large number of the people of lioloorne, that although that tyranny did exi.t in that village they Were not ashamed to show which side they were one, end they were not ashamed to go under the banner of toe Labour party. Referring at some length to Lord Wolmer's references to the pit ilisuter at Weathoughton, he pointed out hat Lind Wolater bad no right to say, as he had said, that no one was responsiole,before the public inquiry bad been held.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
MEASLES IN SCHOOL

-- Medical science does not seem able to ward oIT notion front a school like that which the young ' on attend, sty more than it can warn it from • set in the midst of a town slum or in • country Several village schools are at the present t closed on account of meadow. and various se bane tees written Intl preached for the purpose wing 'hat this diseaPe incidental to childhood is in,nitary sui rounding. But if this were should it stack with equal force those schtols the utmow attention is given to hygiene and nown precaution is adopted to portent the of disease. As we had °con'on to point out , measles should be matte a notifiable disease. Lain that it caw he avoided by intelligent treat- . at any rate, the evil is core for metrical men hears interested in the health of the common- mint with till their power.—' 'oust r, Life.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
MASON'S 'WEE ESSENCE

'PHIAL'. a MASON. NOTTINGHAM.

t.SPIUKTRS. •,fler inUOAT

These tiny Capsules relieve Fidney and Bladder Trouhl. promptly and cure in forty-eight hours. Farb Capsule hears the name " idy." Sold by al Chemists, or post free Ss. ed., from

WILCOX It CO. 'Dept no 49, II kVNARKET,

ALL ABOUT PATENTS. I Illaxtrated Handbook 'N.it Fro

/ •,,-F:r . t., A / .. \ ',...V. ..... ' • Ll' , ~* 4,9 6 co.n• • 00c ... ... . • .. -•:. .itOlibbridge.s.:*; Lung Tonic .....f. :-.., . oh! 't 4*ll COUGHS&COLDS -_,..1",t • ...,. ..... ;pc: CAPTION -=rldis "ant Salo '71011,. 71.14 [Le Bt.• i t.-a,..t aLd Safest nu; Kit. :f A , . Alk., W. T. OWBRIDOE. Ltd, Alliti. rsatb"er.aUnqr. 'int. Z s,"'"I';:Z.:;."" I,•'.**.n. ......

spNt4t MI DI

===== 0002601_19110218_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
INNIMIMINMNII=M=Ij

JOHN G.WILSON & CO., Char. P.A.

1 55. Market Street. MANCHESTER IMMIMINII

THE NEW rAgNOH ,REMEPy. THERAPION`,--"—. pular remedy. use.l in c..nt' n,nt il lie, n..ls by l< , on] kostast,Jolu-rt,V.O: - eau & others. surpa,ses everyth , lu thertn emplovenitor impuravolblood.sr.nt.,blou hes.pamY syrellingofjotnts. kulney,blarlder Y u In nary diseases. stricture.dm hartes, paes.gravel,painsinhaekaout,rheunsatmn.eahal.ston, sleeplessness. Yr. Three forms, Nos.l, 2 & 3, acrord,ng to disea.es. Pi-. 2/9 ,partirulars Id. stamp, I.nt free in Great Britain from The I.eClerc Mediclne C o. Haver- stecklinad.liasso.ts.sd-Loodos.&pruseisialChesinsts. _ I OINTMENT for Bad Legs. Old I.": .r°ll"p't di on s 8. °Jr et ..s'n 'd ns dA( 1 7&71. SII.I° pared Hundrede Will care YOU. Prices Is. :A. and .'2s eTd. per tin. post free.— DEACON. Chemist. BRIDGWATER.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
INDIGESTION,

Herb& Sancta is the only real and guaran• • .1 cure for Indigestion. Stomach Trouble,. I many Skin Complaints; doe, not purge. a tope to the whole body Scores of so. uled incurable" cases are cored every wee-k. d Free. llid. and 29 Free Trial fcr ,camped enve.l4.ne. Ashlords. Chemists, . . .

CLARKE'S 13 41 PILLS are warranted to care in either sex, all acquired or constitutional diachergen, from the Criimry Organs, Gravel and , Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established up-wards of 40 year. In boxes ts. 63. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendor. throughout the world, or sent for sixty aminps by the makers The Lincoln and Midland Countleo I)rug Co., L incoln.-Advt

"ADVICE TO Movirens."—Are you bridle* in your rest by &sick child suffering with the pain of oil:tit g teeth? Go at once to a chemist, and gets bottle of AIRs. WiNuLow's St )1111,0 SYRUP. It produtee uStUrel, quiet sleep by relieving the child front pain, and the little cherub awakes •• as bright ass button" Contains no Poisonous Ingredient. Of all Choi:rut& Is. lid. per bottlia—Adet.

.- • 10,,

wee.— hit tRESPOZ4DENTS. Kr. .1. J. Birth, the Police Court 'Missionary, hem . .• 'sent 'es .longttfy details of a heartrending ruse of posed, -end destitution in Werrington,. which the esigenci,s of space prevent us from publishing. Mr. Firth appeals for help and offer, to take any, ' first- eider " to the scene of sadness and misery.—Eo." Ex." Women's Suffrage. • Sr.- In an arth•le in your i.sim of February 11th it is said that "Mr. Crosfield might have urged much more strongly the }whit that to enfranchise women on • the same terms ea men would still leave sweated I female workere, and workiog-chws women generally,' without any •OiCe or vote The. women, to be. enfranchised would he merely those with a property 9tudification—surely the worst justification for extend- ing the franchise! " May I p tat rot that Mr. Crosfield already knew from previous discussion that this argument will not hold water. The Conciliation Bill for Women Occupiers, for which Suffrage Societies have lately worked so realoualy, alters one of the most limited franchises yet proposed for women. Nevertheless, the I,hour Party unproved of it. Mr. Shackleom introduced the Bill. Thirty-two Labour n.en voted for it, and only two agaiLst it. In London 87 per cent, of the women who would get the vote by the Conciliation Bill are workiog • woman. Out of 189,11011 no fewer than 31i,i0 tare , charwomen. (See Jounial of the Royal Statistics Society, September. 190,. .In Bolton in 1901 the Liberal ,gent, Mr. flerrey, found that 90 per cent, of tLe women occupiers are working women. in ill other towns the Independent labour Party found that the average of working'women is 52 per cent. If the labour l'arty think the full democratic enough for them. it most obviously be democratic enough for Liberal.. Any objection in that score can only be regarded as frivolous.- Yours. etc.. L. F. WARING.

Latchford House, Warrington. kelauary I kb, 1911

r to the . , EIMTOR+ ,OVCE TO CORI "fIMY

===== 0002601_19110218_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19110218_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
The Town Clerk's Salary.

Sir—l see our wise Town Council has again been making bistory and showing its ability to be generous at the public expense. It appears that our Town Clerk has completed his majority as clerk of War- rington and it is the wish of three-fourths of the Town Council that he have a testimonial for his services, add they have therefore voted him an increase of salary of £2lOlB year Gilt of the borough funds. This is magnificently liberal, tut it would have been far mole creditable on their Curt if thy bad subscribed something out i I their ow n pocketa.than to dip their bands into that of the already over- burdened ratepayer. The opinion was expressed at the Council meeting by his admirer, that the Town Clerk ought to have a ealary of ‘,.:1.0011 a year. One is struck by the anxiety of the majority of one Aldermen awl Councillore to pat upon the back the higher officials and to raise their salaries without a murmur, but when it comes to the lower ranks of employees they seem to be struck with pangs of remorse and -alk about the rise of rates and exceeding the standard rate of wages. As was memioned in the recent deirate, and as most people will recollect, what a cry of pious horror was raised when sonic months ago the scavengers had the temerity to ask Ur a rise of a shrilling a week. Surely these wi,e Aldermen and Councillors can strain at a gnat and swallow anniel. The Council dces not even honour its own signature. for is there not a Standing Order to the effect that no employee of the Corporation over 21 years of age shall receive less than 211. per week, yet I am informed that there are several (aid below this scale. All who have had occasion to walk about our streets during the recent dry weather will have noticed the insufficient scavenging that has been done, yet I am told that a certain number of men employed is the department are only allowed to work alternate weeks. Where were the boasted workingmen Conn- cillore in the recent debate ? Will they now demand that the lower ranks shall receive equal treatment with the higher ? Many well-wishers to the good old town will regret ilie absence of Mr. Norbury Williams and the late Mr. Jame. Doe:de—Yours A-c..

===== 0002601_19110218_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
PHiL SQUOD.

Sir,—Permit me, lb, ough your eolumne, to enter my emphatic protest against the sction of the Town Council, in mining the salary of the Town Clerk ; and at the outset I assert that my grievance in not with the tflit nil concerned, hut the Council whom I con- eider have not held evenly the teaks of Justice.

One of the grossest. evils under our economic system. one which is the reuse of incalculable evil sod stiffening, is the unjustly unequal payment to men for wc..rk dote; and bele, under a public body. where we shmld naturally look for something approaching fairness, the evil is sell illustrnte, sod has hem glaringly intensified. by the late ection of the Council. Here is a gentleman receiving .1.704) a year; no me will question, that a Mall capable of, and holding such an office as the Town Clerkship, should be well paid ; and :19 out of Hal will maintain that lie is well paid but to go arid tack on another .£2OO at ouch stressful times is simply staggering? and is an actim which demands redress.

Notwithstanding the increased figures of the Beard of Trade, business is bad. Scores of men in the town are cut of work, without the vestige of hope of getting it, and scores of others are on short time. Employ. ment at Cl. per week multi have been found for four of theee distressed men, and would have been regarded as a positive God-send. They and their families would heve been raised from despair to happiness. Or to regard die natter in the light of any contention. Take the dustmen. For their dis- gusting and filthy employment, they receive its. per week. Their work is exceedingly laborious, and requires strong healthy men. Twenty of these. could have beeu given 4s. per week more. And to any one of these, 4e. would have been • far greater boon, than 4:1 or nay meant of money to a man abeady in receipt of a comparatively princely salary. Sach nien would have leen er.abled to pro- vide for themselves and families. necessaries of life. of which they are deprived. They would even then be getting DO more than they deserve. 1 hose are not the lowest paid servants of the Corporation, let it be remembered, but they are umong the hardest worked. The main theme of contention in favour t :the advance seems to have been the increase xf responsibility consequent upon the growth of the town. Why an already handsome salary ehould be increased upon eueh a plea, I fail to conceive. Increase of reeponsibility means, by the far greater part, increase of work and such a man, when the work cornea, has his staff proportionately increased, to do or prepare such work. We failed to be told that there is a staff, iudepetulant of the Mad, &heady receiving £OBO per year; and did anyone ever hear of such an official being temiee in his duty. getting discharged or even hieing censured.? The proposer welts to have waxed sympathetic with the Town Clerk for his comparatively low remunera- tion (viol. He ought rather to base considered the b,trdra he was casting upon, or preparing the way to, upon the already uver-burdened ratepayers ; tor I mown that the matter will not rest here. Unlese the people rise, the other highly paid officials will be demanding an advance, because forsooth, their salaries will Lot be proportionate to the Town Clerks' rompared with other tOICIIR. What have we to do with other towns

It is cot that we should seek to emulate other Corporations in their unjut and ineimitable financial Government ; but rather that we should net up an example. they would be glad to copy. Councillor Roberts stated that the emphyers of the town wt re practically unanimous in favour cf the increase. indeed ! Well, asstunir g that it is Co. what about the householders and shopkeepers, the ove;whelming bulk of the community, at least 1t..; per cent They who pay or ate the means of furnishing the by for greater portion of the rates ! Their interests do not seem to have bten considered. They are justly indignant, for their will has been violated. I say that our Councillots in a moment of weakness, have allowtd themselves to be cart ied away by the plausible arguments of those gentlemen from whom v.e should expect trite, judgment. All honour to those members who opposeol the measure. As gross injustb e has been done us, and falls most heavily upon the poorest and humblest section of the community. that which is positively unable .o defend itself, I hone, Mr. Editor, that in the name of common justice, the matter will not he allowed to drop until redte,sed.—Thanking you for publishiog this, I am. yours truly, JOHN C. RICHARDSON, 14. Buttermarket.staeet. War:inform February 15th, 1911.

Lori" Roberts and the Territorials. Sir;—Will you kiodly allow one to reply to your able leader of last Saturday's issue? In this leader you state that the Army most he managed not from the public platform or by the National Service League, Nast by those who are responsible. Let me point out rthat it Is not the management of the Army which Lord Roberts and the National Service League are criticising. We have always maintained that Mr. Haldane has done marvels with the voluntary prin- ciple. What we are asserting in season and out of season,is that just as civil education tents never Ratio- factorywntil it we. made compuleory, no Our military education will never he satisfactory lipid made compulsory. For the simple reason that until this is done neither enough time nor enough earnestness can be put in the business. In order to get the nation to realize this feet it is ab,olutely necessary, however distasteful, to criticise, not the nianagement, but the results of our present military institution. Hence what you designate as the crabbing of the ten itorials by Lord Roberta. Hue gallant t ield Marshal is in fact, attacked just as those other great men have been, who in former years, strove to arouse their countet men out of their apathy and ignor- ance on matte's of National Defence. Baron Stoffell, the Freneli attaclu, at Berlin. who warned his Government from Itit;:i to le7o of the inefficiency of the French army as compared with the tierman, lint all in vain, was virtually kicked out of Ids Club when he came back to Paris. This simply for telling the truth. In our own time the most cruel idiellbe was heaped on I ieneral Butler for telling us the facts of the case about the Boer War. At a time when in defensive matters certainly " the prophets prophesy falsely and the people love to have it no" that man is indeed precious who discerns the truth and is not afraid to led it to the I eople. Lord Robert., Lord Wolseley. Sir Evelyn Word, Sir George White, Admiral Sir Gerard Noel and ben- deeds of other naval and military men, who have left the services and ate free to week openly. are per:claiming that National Service is necessary for the safety and welfare of our country, and they are proving their case not by mere ipse dixits hut by hard facts and clear logic. Their argument ins nutshell is this: that it is better and safer to have two lines of defence instead n f only one. The old rnotto of not putting all your eggs in one basket applies as much to-day trait uid Dal years ego. They coint out that given the trained manhood of the youth of the nation we shall not become suddenly panic stricken and demaud Dreadnoughts by the dozen and loans by the millions; we shall not lower nor imperial prestige by having to concentrate all oar ships an the North Sea ; and we shall strengthen and fortify the moral and physical strength of the people upou which in the ultimate analysis the serviyal of nations depends. You make a great point of nor existing second line of defence. You refer to the magnitude of tV com- bined forces of the repulses and the territorials. In military matters. however. it is never wise in take the most favourable eircunistann e. The time when we are likely to be its danger is not when the whole of our regular army in at home, but when it is suddenly called away. In that case we ehould be left with 250.0, I territorials inadequately traitted and inadequately officered. This forte trill have to pro- vide garrisons for Ireland, for our seaports and large lowan. protection for cur railways and the field army which w ill have to meet the 71010., which those in authority now admit is the possible number that might slip through. And those 711,000 will be thoroughly trained and thoroughly officered. Ask any soldier who is fiee to give yeu an impartial ,pinion as to whether there :..0.11(S) would suffice to perform the above duties and he will laugh at you for asking such an absurd question.—Yours GEORGE CROSFIELD.

Warrington. ' February JOth, 1911

===== 0002601_19110218_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. G. K. Chesterton and the "Coming Slavery."

Sir,—Mcst of those who listened to Mr. Chesterton in the Co-operative Hall would probably admit to being amused rather than it.structed. An undercurrent , of sly humour characterised hi,. address, and suggested a suspicion that he was poking fun at his audience. Taking him, however, mote seriously than perhaps he intended to be taken, I would like to criticise two p iota which lie made. In auggestmg he hardly did more than suggest—that Socialism would mean slaveiy. I think he made the mistake of ...lining that the present State—which might be called the policeman State - would be the State of the future, lie expressed an exaggerated fear of the Irian in Lotions, and failed either to seem say that the State could be differentiated into a political State, and an administrative State, the former the organ of (iovernuient, aml the latter having a large degree of autonomy for dealing with the t rgankation of labour. , Mr. Chesterton postulated a Sate that was an entity, , with no division c,r differentiation, and against which ' there could le no appeal, as there would be none to whom an appeal could be made. But, the State of the future will dill, from what it is to-day. The func- tions of the State are continual), changing, and its di&es are becoming more vatted and extensive, its interference in 'wend relations is increasing. and the extenaiun of its functions will change its character, until it will become what Socialism means it

to become, "the organ of the collective. will:. he necennary condition of the advantage of collective ownership in that the Government should belong to everybody, and as Jean Jaures has said "Vt hen everybody is an official there will be no more officials." Mr. Chesterton eaid there could be no liberty without authority, but failed to say when authority would to overrun things as to become a slavery. Another prodigious error—startling, when we remember the intimacy of the speaker with Socialism arid Socialists—that be made was to 114111118 that under Socialism there would be no private property. Hisanalogy of the soldier's rifle, bearing • Govern- ment stamp. was altogether erroneous. Socialism does not imply a State where the individual could not own personal property, with which, if hecared, to use Mr. Chesterton's words " he could monkey." There is nothing incompatible between Socialist doctrine and private property. The aim of Socialism is simply to eliminate private property in capitol. Mr. Chesterton's fantastic prospect of a Socialist state pooling everything, of the man in buttons dealing out wages to men in chains, is too grotesque to he taken seriously. For, in one of his books he sass " Socialism is, as everyone knows, the proposal that all property should be nationally owned that it nray be more decently distributed." Property if distri- buted must become absolute possession, and in this lies the safeguard against the encroachment our individual liberty which he fancifully predicted. Men, to-day, find the guarantee of their liberty in their property. The only tneans of securing liberty for all is to give properly to all, and the only means of giving property to all is to socialite the instruments of production and distribu- tion. Why should men be less free when they travel on State railways, use municipal water. consume municipal gas, ride in publicly owned tram., eat municipal bread and drink municipal milk. than when they use these things when owned by private companiea ?

conzlusion. I would, in order to nugget the untrisdom of projecting into the Socialistic State the conditions that exist to-day, quote a Socialist writer, who says that " in order to ttansform. in the interests of all, capitalist property into social property the proletariat will have to show such a I.ower of organi,a- tion.to realise such progress,morally and intellectually. that it becomes absurd to suppose that generations trained in such a school would for a single moment siamit to any restraints whatever upon their full and complete liberty." -

. - R. PIERCE WILLIAMS. Warria§ton, Feb. 16th, 1911.

The Examiner, Saturday, February 18, 1911.

in all truth and sith deliberation, that no speech from any English minister on this question of Ireland has lett no profound an impression on our mind as this po wet ful cc ntrilmtion of 11r. Churchill's. An eager mind reaching out fearlessly in its et :,rch for the solid truth as against rnere party cries, a quick imagination and a r.tripattietic intelligence were all evidenced in tins large-hearnd and clrar-sighted utterance, a rld we are not without hope that this appeal for a consideratirn if our question irom tbe Imcmial and international point of view, will hear fruit in many minds.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S CUP TIE MITI COVENTRY.

The Warrington team to visit Coventry to-di chosen last night as follows : Tilley, full. Waywell, Taylor, Dickenson and Fish 1.1 Cn.evey ; Thomas.Shugara, Morgan. Poison, C and Skelhorn. Reserves Daintith and John • R.A.0.8. Anneal Bell. The annual ball in connection with the local of the It A.O B. was held on Thursday evening Conwervative Club Assembly room. About lr and gentlemen were present and a capital pro of dancing was provided by Mr. Tom Taylor The M.C.'s were Messrs. W. Blum. .1. Gioun W. Sutton. The catering was in the hands J. C. Hannon, who gave great satisfaction. proceeds will be devoted to the Widows Orphans Fund.

• LINSWILD COMPOCND with warn, water I. an hat prglo for Soto Throat, Cold., Coollaa, dria-

The removal of this narrow and dangerous structure from one of the busiest main roads in Warrington and in the county may now be considered imminent. The Road Board, with the approval of the Treasury, have made a grant of £2,760 towards £5,140 required for the scheme of dealing with this and the adjoining bridge at Sankey firidg(s.

• A. • ' 1.44114644111

THE OLD WOODEN TURN BRIDGE ON THE LIVERPOOL MAIN ROAD AT SANKEY BRIDGES.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
1 IRISH AFFAIRS. NOTES FOR IRISH READERS.

THE EVENT OF TIIE WEEK.

The del ate or, the address in Put linment gave the Unionists their opportunity of introducing a debate on Home Rule. That debate is tha event of illr week kr Irishmen and is not without very real significance to everybody in Great Britain who in concerned in the affairs of these islands. The bankrupt condition of the Opposition is seen in the singularly chequered history of the amendment itself. After revision and repeated reconstruction it was at length moved on Wednesday last by Mr. lan Malcolm and rieconded by Lord Hugh Carib Mr. %Intim should by this date have learned what value thinking men set upon his stale dish of anti-Irish oratior.s. This atol nothing else was the secret of his defeat when he contested North Salford in 1910. Baton Wednesday last he ploughed on through a morass of vial-violate data bearing no relation whatever to he Ireland of todav nor the cause of that emintry's nelf-government. the very ineptitude of the Unionist opening set the current cf feeling in the blouse strongly in favour of the 4:ooernment and Dome Pule. The curious line of Lord Hugh Cecil's argtiment—Sccratically and academically inquinilive as Mr. Asquith, to the great amusement of the House, christened it— was quite in keeping with the strange positron Lord Hugh has mule for himself in his party and in the William of the country. From an affected intellectual height tins superior scion of a superior stock dropped questions which an amatenr demoting ciety would have laughed to scorn. But we felt inclined to rub our eyes ~nd read again that part of his speech in which he nought to dispute the title of Ireland's nationality. That a man should utter such words seemed to us perfectly bewildering. there we are in the twentieth century. in the era or education and enlightened thinking, in the period famous for nothing so lunch as the ltp clear light which investigation and research hare poured on the records of defeat, and have pieced together the tangled and untoward doings of the in lace into a story of continuous and definite national tradition which in its variety of vieinsitudea and difficulties is perhaps unexampled in European history. It would probably astonish the astnte Lord, whose sincerity we never doubted, to learn that the Irish of to-day are less angered by the memories of the bloodnhedding of the Elizabethan and Cromwellian butchers than by the callous criticism which seeks to deprive as of our fired and most vital principle. The troopers at any rate gave us credit for being men, with hearts in our bodies which we were ready to sacrifice for the ideals of our minds. After Mr. Walter Long, whose Unionism has Dever been quite balanced since he ran away from his Irish constimency. came Sir Edward Carson. As everyone knows S;r Edward Carson is an advocate in a commanding place in his profession. Ile should therefore have the credit for understanding whatever words he used. And in the House of Commons where men meet to deliberate coolly and dispasnionatelv on the highest and smallest affairs, Sir Edward Carson. leader of the Irish Unionists, tells all whom it may concern that on this paramount question t.l Home Pule, a State matter demanding ram, al investigation, he is latter. That is his own description of himself, bin own adjective, sad we cannot help feeling that if the ancient and venerable House of Comrnonn in a free and deliberative nswenibly, and not a rraze-fighting ring, then Sir Edward Carson has no right to be there when this subject, which he candidly tells us he loathes, is debated. THE PREMIER AND TRUE IMPERIALISM.

After the poor and ineffective display rn the :intis Home Rule side, the debate gives one three strong impressions. The hirer was the distinctly dear and firm position taken up by the Prime Minister. Nothing could be more significant of the real attitude of the strf ng man of the Cabinet Innards Home Rule then the way in which he accepted Lord Hugh Cecil's challenge to consult his (Mr. Asquith's) past speeches on the subject. Terse, telling sentences uttered now eighteen years. now at the tarpons Albert Hall meeting, now at Hull and at Fife, were read out Lry the Premier to show that far from the obscurity alleged in the amendment, there had been all along an unshaken adherence on his part to this sheer anchor of real liberalism. Experience he said, hail demonstrated the incapacity of the Parliament at Westminster to cope with Irish affairs, and in wools which we feel most beconie classic for their beauty and wisdom, Mr. Asquith concluded We look forward to see French and English, Boer and Briton, Celt and Saxon, each bringing his own tributary mingling their con- fluent waters in the stream of Imperial Unity—use Throne, one Empire, one people, diverse in origin and lin race, but all alike charged with the liberty and renponeibility of self-government in their own local affairs. That surely is the goal of a really true Imperialist, and it into that goal thnt rue steps are set." Mr. Malcolm and Lord Hugh Cecil deserve the undying gratitude of all progresvive thinkers for having occasioned so eloquent and 8., pregnant a wane as that inspiring peroration of the Prender'a.

MR. REDMOND AND IMPERIAL SUPREMACY. one can glance even cursorily over the record that debate the other night without feeling that event of the whole proceeding was the speech of Irish feeder which ia our next impression. His els of phrase and the quick instinct for &hate, teen in his treatment of the statement that Home had not been before the country at the last on and his wisdom in discarding the and utterly irrelevant thesis of the ist speakers. The passionate nature of his I against the euggeltion that Ireland would tree overnnieta to crush the Irish Pro.eatants .89 tilling note of a day of fine speeches. Irish ry was a complete refutation to that suggestion in Mr. Redmomrs view the Imperial Supremacy to be in reserve for precisely such questions as Protestant minority. "We accept Imperial memory.' he said ; "we invite you to make it five.- A fine /speech finely uttered closed one note enthralled the whole House. With rare tact and ht lie described the South African Cairn as hid glory in the reign of the dead King. We DOW at the commencement of a new reign which vent might he as glorious as its predeceimor and not that reign be made more glorious still by owning distination of the opening in person by :eorge, himself, of a Farhat:runt in Dublin of a ly and reconciled people. After that speech we where to find the real Imperialists and the Separatists. . CHURCHILL'S POWERFUL PLEA. the third impression, Mr. Churchill's great al trimnph, we feel we have not left , race to consider. But we rally ow this'

===== 0002601_19110218_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
PARR HALL. THE MUSICAL SOCIETY'S CONCERT.

The Wart ington Musical Sor iety's second sulnicrip- lion concoct in the Parr Hall on wedneeday evening presented many r,ints of interest and drew glide a representative, if cot a very numerous, audience. The prominence given to orchestral items on thin i occaston showed clearly that the society has valuable rencurces f.tr eot.cert polio.ra ill it. instrinnental members, and that the occestonal subservience of its Hewed fore.. in the way of Wednesday's concert, is far front being an unwelcome ion nation. In regard to the tan important works to which we made extended reference lant week consideral 4b anticipatory interest had no doubt been aroused, mid, if this inlet pretation c f these two pieces was something in the nature of an ordeal for the rank and file of the society's regular orchestra, it was early evident that, :13 it, one of them, the piano soloist at least wan fully equal to the demands made upon her. Granted a capable principal -and the concert clearly demonstrated Mies Lucy Pierce ti be stich— the difficulties of Teelmikowaky s B fiat minor concerto are chiefly those of the orchestra, inasmuch as the score abounds in pitfalls for the unwary instrumentalist in its nunterons and very onerous entries for the various sections of ae orchestra. And, curiously. such points of weakness as were noticeable on Wednesday were those of intonation rather than if precision. In this connection it can, of comae, hardly Ice expected that a body of players, constiteted I the scriety's orchestra, can pair them- selves off in any ideal mariner with the soloist. But while there were some excusable olocuritiee of execution it is leas easy of explanatima that faulty intonation should extend from the strings into the worst-wind. Interest in the way in which our local players acquit themselves, sugges's this precedence in the order of our remarks, and notwithstanding what has been said, it must be admitted that the musical society's orchestra did marvellously well in coetributing to the elicit. of Tschaikowsky's great work. Of Mies Pierces playing little can be said which is not high praise. Gifted with a technique embracing a command of the instrument of the most finished and mature order, her style and temperament incline distinctly towards the robust and the vivacious. In the concerto Miss Pierre had therefore congenial material to Work upon, the Russian composer's wealth of melody - often sin kind 'startlingly new to English eats--and his often massive and vividly picturesque harmonies being presented with the most convincing earnestness and rigour. Needless to say Miss Pierce was vociferously applauded on the conclusion of no strenuous a work and one involving no mean feat of inernoty. Later in the evening Mioo Pierce played Schumann's Romance in I" sharp major. •nd the better known " La rattipanella " ot Paganini-Liszt most attistically, rempondieg to an enthusiastic encore with a rendering of a gavotte by Gluck quite charming in its glaceftil The oichestra dealt with Beethoven's fifth symphony with manifestly greater comfort and ease than the concerto, and this glorirlis work ran its course smoothly and without serious hitebalheit it threatened to become irk.orne by reason of its inordinate length. Of the several movement's the " andante " was probe& y the best in an allrorind sense. For although the symphony pre/septa serious executant difficulties, they seem to be of a more manageable kind than those of the concerto, the steady stream of Beethoven's delicious combination of melo ly and harmony in the slow movement carrying one in a langnorous mood over all small obstacles. The overture to "Per Friesehutz " and Jarnefelt's most engaging "Prieludium" complete the enumeration of the orrhestrsl it •ms. in regard to the performsree of which the Mueical Society's mstrumental meml era and Mr. Cron]. y its hard-working conductor are to he warmly congratulated. hoc!bra Arnell sang "Ombra mai fu " from Handel's " Rinaldo" in a rich contralto voice and with rreat depth of feeling. It was remarkable that having later in the evening sought to move us with " Seu wrack "(Hamilton Harty) Miss Arnell should choose for an or core song one so curiously kindred in character as" Three Fisher. " (!lallah.) The con- clusion one camels was that having treated on to the spuriously pithetic we were now given the real thing. Stich, however, was the resultant impre,ion of bringing about so inevitable a comparison, the older song prov- ing by its intrinsic worth and the oirectness of its appeal its claim to be regarded on a classic amongst English songs.

The society's vocal members contributed three numbers during the evening. Eaton Falling's " Vagabonds" is scored for chormi awl orchestra in a most interesting way and the whole thing being bright and descriptively picturesque members entered tht Toughly into its spirit. Mr. Croftley's unaccom- panied chorus " 0 Heaven-born Harmony" is, we believe, quite fresh front his pan. Beginning with a short introdnetory appeal. the words rim into two complete verses well adapted to mnsic which Mr. Crossley has quite successfolly supplied, the words being treated in a broad and bymn-like way whereby a finely sonorous effect i'obtained in a simple yet dignified manner eminently in keeping with die sentiment embodied in the text. Members Pang it most feelingly and with admirable precision with the result that the audience expressed most unmistakeably its high apj.reciation cf this little work. The choral. march brim " Tannhauser " concluded a most enjoyable concert.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
League of the .Cross Whist Drive.

A moat enjoyeble whist drive was held on Monday evening in connection with St. Mary's Church. The attendance numbered over 140. and there was Irene competition for the VIIIriIIIIII r Tbe first prize for ladle, was won by Miss l. Farrell. w hilst Miss wreeman carried ft the second prize. The prize. for gentlemen were won by Mr. T. McCoy ,grat.) and hi, M. Wright. The MC.. were Mem.. J. Emmett and lb. flenaigan.

THE KIN,. AND SI.RATT.N.—Tho. King hos been pleued to grant n sport.] Worrent or Appointment to Alegors. Sptott's Potent, Ltd., the well-known TR.- lecturers of Sprett's Itoo Fonds, Sprott Game Foods. Sprott. Poultry Foods And Ilesr‘ten'o Incoletors.

HERNIA.—The nee Fluid Pad Truss never gets hard and is effectual ill most difficult cases. For slight cases Um mow Waterproof Washable Truss, which is Merry. 'Olean end most durable, is strongly recommended— Wares .1 WRIGHT, Surgical lo.tameat maken, ger itioshaw it., opposite topof Bold it.. Lire-pool.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR EXCHANGES.

FIRST YEAR'S WORK REVIEWED

The work of the Lahonr Exchanges during the fleet year of their exietenco wan ender review at a confer- of employern held in the Warrin;don Town Hall no Thoraday afternoon. The Mayor (Conneillor Dr. Joseph preaitled over n representative attendance. Mr. V. WILL, MR, iii•isional officer for Lancashire and Cheshire, delivered an intereating agdresa in which heiraid that when the exchanges were atarted there on, great deal of scent icicle as to their prohahle resolta and rnisepprishonsiona ea to the purpose they bed to Ilundreas of workman appeared to think they had only to ripply at an exchange and thee woold get a nice fat job at no, day. .L.anght•rol, :Re exchanges . .

were not intended to maninfacture work but to find out the Caine. of chronic unemployment and thus make the enlution rani.r. They were purely and simply a market place for labour. Mr. Williams then rimilt with the lore of time and money crested by the haphazard pcnisrm of engaging labour which generally prevailed before the oatablishment of the exchanging. Something like 200,000 workmen N. 114 pinned during the first six , months working of the exchange.. Suppoaing that on an average half a nor we. mood to each of those men end that the average Wage. We. 21.. n week, there was n gain of .C 211,000 in wage, to the wort,. of the eountry. That. however. was only o small thing. In Germany over 200,0(10 emolo•ees were phiced each month. Allud- ing to the fact that the Trade rninne Congress had not been an favourably inclined tower...kn. the ng,bgnln.l of late, Mt. William. mid that probably the reason was that trade unionist, wanted them to no trade onion labour errhanges. It moat, however, be recognized that trade oninniata numbered only one-fifth of the workers of the country sod in dealinc with °nem- ninon...lnt it wruld he 114-leen to glee all the facilities that tine •rchangeti offered to eno-fifth and none to the remainder. They moat take the whole of the workers of the conntry and deal with them as workmen, purely and eimply, withorit making env in•idioto selection'a. Preferenne rffiroild ha elven only to the man who was eej,et enpehie of doing the work. Referring to the Manchester division. Mr. Williamn mid that during the year the exnhanges had been the Innitn, of placing some 00.1 00 people in work. That war not a very great achievement, hut it one eortaiderably greater than enchody exnected them to do. In the isultile trades alone 11,1100 workpeople had been placed. That should give the lie to the idea that the exchanges only dealt with unskilled labour Seventy-live per Cent, of the men who had been found employment were skilled workmen who had got more or less permanent work. Ity means of the eschanger we "ere learning that certain amount of unemployment Wag ceased by mal- adjustment between supply and demand. On the onc hand there were trades in which men were wanted and on the other hand there were induatries which were overstocked with handt. That information we. extra- 1 ardinarily valuable. If every employer would use the exchange, they would in gonna of time havean approxi- mate account of the demand for all kinds of Inhoor •nd he able to give parents end teachers an idea rif the trades which were n pproently do-esyiog and of those in which there 'lean shortage of labour. Hy organizing the juvenile employment department, they would obviate a grant deal of unemployment in thy future. A mealtime had recently been panned. celled the '.7boice of Employment Act, to establish agencies for adviaing children and young persons in the choice of a trade or profession. Co-operation between the education authorities and the labour exchanges was invited and he regarded the Act an one of the moat important that boil yet been pasted with regard tu unempl nyment. It was hoped that by means of the machinery thus set up children would be Placed in the occupations fur which they were best suited and pre- vented from engaging in etre.. trading. !inferring to the difficult rinsation of casual labour. Mr. Williams said that large bodies of ratios! labourers RPM created simply by the demand for them. It would be impossible to remedy the evil in the present generation. as it would he unfair ruthlessly to ding coot infi employment o large number of men, but they hoped gradually to link up the casual leboor markets tel to raise the status 011 k. worker. If the labour exchanges were properly used they would omen nn enormous ing of money in the country. We were getting hold of the wrong end of the stick in building workhouses, prieona aod gaols It would have been better to spend . money in finding out why men lt,t •••,, • •t•t• •• to have to enter thus. tst RAI ishinents. Air, Williams owe examples of the utteffilnesa of the exchange" in dis- seminating information and pointed out that in one . month about 400 men were moved from places where ; they were not wanted to places where work was waiting • for them. The more Ste exchanges were used the better would they become. (Applause). ' An interesting discussion followed, amongst those ' • ' •

. orb,' took part being Alderman Tfanion, Councillor Roberts, btr. Holman Ningrino and Mr. Felix blsginn. I Councillor Ii0111:RT- considered that, making ellow. Inc. forth. newness of the orgirniration.the exchanges h ftdly justified their existence. With dto juvenile employment, anything which would assiat children on lesving witted in the selection of an occupation which would he their life'. occupation in most caves and which would provide. feir and decent mtansof livelihood, %Timid herd enormous value. While we were spending a large amount in prxviding elemen- tary education, it was only the beginning of the work ' we 'Mould try to dri in shaping the lives of the children. He was lore the Elocation C onmittee would lends very favourable ear to Mr. Williams' suggestion as to co-operation with the excnange atithori tit s In the course of the discussios, in which usefub suggestions were advanced, Mr. Williams mentioned that in connection with the embenges £2,000 had been advanced to workmen to enable them to travel to places where work .as to he found, and only £OO of that was regarded as bail debts. That showed that the British workman did not want charity. Railway fares were not ad•anced to men who were sent to all strike vsramies or tu those who were eccepting sittlationa at a distance rit in. thrro the standard jute of wages. A vote of thanks one primed to the Mayor and Mr. Williams. In reply the MA Yoh mid the key note of the whole qtrest ion wee that prevention was better than cure. Mr. WILLIAM, nail he was exceedingly pleased with the work which had been done in Warrington tip to the present time. Toe old Warrington labour hermit was one of the model bureaux est•blisherl hy the Distress Committees order the 11015 Act and it wan certainly one of the most soccessful.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
" LES CLOCHES DE CORNEVILLE

Next Week's Performances by the Crosfield Operatic Society.

Planguette's famous comic opera" Lort Cloche. de Corneville " will be performed at the Parr Ball on Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday text, by the Crosfield Amateur Operatic Society. There enthusiastic amateurs have already placed se•eral successes to their credit under the leadership of Mr. F. J. Lord, whose disinterested and untiring exertions in founding the ()crime and supervising its operatic productions iq worthy of the warmest recognition. Haying taken up his residence at Bctunentourh, he finds it impossible to maintain the same close connec- tion with the society, and this rear'e enterprise is under the management of the firm. Special interest has been taken in the work by Captain G. LI Crosfield and Mr. B. S. Tomtit... and the arrangements are on the most complete and up-to-date lines. Mr. F. 11. Crossley, conductor of the War- rington Musical Society, has had charge of the musical coaching, with Mr. E. B. Ogden as hon. conductor, and Mr. A. 'Prow as sub-conductor. Special attention has been paid to the dramatic side, the opera being pro- duced tinder the perennal au; revision of Sb. IL St. Alban, who has acted the part of Gaspardtbe miser, no fewer than 1.500 times, and has produced the opera on twenty occasions. The cast is as foll-trs Henri Marquis CIO Co/Devine Mr. Breeet Walker (lespard, • Miser Mr. John E. New. Grouicheux, a Fisherman.

Harry Griffith.

Hi. Clert

Mr. Harvey 0. Adam .... Mr. Arthnr Davie.

eb,isirTbe, A Pago

.. ATy.Rowe

Dalmatia., .suppo;ed niece to Ciaaperd... Nlis;Z... /fishy SerpAstte, a There will he a band and chorus of over eighty r er- former-. The rehearsals baste bees entered into with an enthusiasm which pcmises well for a delightful eel ien of performances and an additional inducement for the public to attend in large Lumbers is the fact that the proceeds will be deroted to the Warrington Infirmary and District Nursing Asacciation.

Fridas: will be a special night and the facers from Orford Marracis will attend. The perf,Jrmalice will also be under the patronage of Sir Gilbert •nd lady Greenell, Mr. Harold Smith, M.P.. and Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Crosheld.

The secretarial work has been efficiently carried out 1,. Mr. G. Hall.

===== 0002601_19110218_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GREENLEES FUND

1 Nevin.ly acknowledged Workman of Mraars. Itylarvlr firm Ltd 4 17 5 Flold.streat Popular Conc.,. COOlaitt.) 2 5 .. ....

iihnld Young Edward lahhmood Mr.. Jane Shaw l'wo sympathiser, at Psdpie

i 0 O ow o .... • 2 0

L 3 9 16 4

===== 0002601_19110218_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE

Vlsit of the F. R Benson Shakespearean Company

The visit of the F.H. Benson North. Shakespearean Company is one of the most pleasurable annual events : in local theatrical circles it,,d the reception accorded to these talented players at the Royal Court Theatre this week has been worthy alike of the immortal works which constitute their repertoire and of the uniformly excellent productions for which thc name of F. It. Benson is a synonym. Mr.fleriry Herbert one of the finest Shakespearean actors of the younger Bawd awl a great favourite with ‘‘7arring- tonians, has again distinguished himself with a remarkably clever series of delineations. His abilitise are not confined to any sinr,le aspect of the dramatic art for he portrays with equal facility intensely tragic and breezily humorous parts. To follow his performances for a week is to form some- thing approaching an adequate conception of the many-sidedness of Sliakeispearee genius. On Monday evening a large audience can most appreciative of an entirely satisfactory production of " Hamlet.- Mr. Herbert wee brilliant in the title ride. He did not opprees rise with sullen impenetrable moroseness, nor did he adopt the other unpleasant extreme cf tearing passion to tatters. He was a human Hamlet not an imposaible creature of the imagination. Voice, bearing and ge-tore eminently fit him for this supremely difficult piece of chsracteriaation and his ' reading of the part was refined and unexaggerated. Ile was particularly good when gently fooling the mum th- tongued courtier Polonius hut be achieved his chief success in that great scene when the strolling players enact the tuurder awl Ham!et sets himself to watch the wot kings of the guilty consciences of the King and Queen. Mies (Andy. Vander zee invested her portrayal of Ophelia with singular charm and pathos. giving one more striking proof of that versatility which has made her so powder with Werrington playgoers. Mr. F. Wick,deed was sufficiently wierd and awe-inspiring as the ghost Mr. Ouvcan Yarrow was a dashing Laertes ; and Mr. H. S. Cohen gave a most convincing study of Horatio. Mr. John Cairns, as l'olonius, is to be commended for the natitra,ness of his acting. Mr. Charles Warburton and Miss Hope Trout comported themselves with great dignity as the King and Queen of Denmark. Miss I rant also brought out the enaotional side of the Queen's character in realistic stele her acting in the trying scene when Hamlet tebukes her for her tteachery to the late King, being conspicwnsly effective. On Tuesday evening " A Midsummer Night's Dream " seas given ; on Weeneedsy, " Twelfth Night" :on Thursday, "The Tempest" and last sight." She Stoop. to Conquer"

===== 0002601_19110218_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT -WEEK'S- PROGRAMME.

"THE WORLD, THE FLESH AND THE DEVIL.' Lovers of stirring drama have a treat in store next week at the Court Theatre when Mr. Laurence Cowen's Company will prance " The world, the flesh, and the devil " by lesser Columbus, fresh from a most suc- cessful tour of the London Drama Theatres. The play as its title denote., embraces the whole gamut of virtue's strenuom fight against the Intwhinatiopy of vice. Produced at the Pavilion Theatre, London, two years ago, it met with instantaneous SUCCelts, owing perhaps to its departure from the usual cut and dried methods of in' dem drama. Tie lnndon "Daily Telegraph' described it as a wonderful play teeming with sensations and packed full if incitement. The London " Star" asserted that it taught the greatest moral lemon ever preached from the stage, while our Sunday contemporary the Weekly I ',Tafel) " wrote that," this play contained more l.elliation. incidi•nt, pathos. Immo,. and tragedy, to the aquare inch than any drama ever played, and provides the moat etirring incidents ever seen co the English stage" The company pre‘enting it here next week has been especially selected by Mr. Cowen for the representa- tion oldie play, and includes Mr Darnell Greene. Mr. Horatio Sinclair, Mr. Will Harman. Mr. Charles Sint., Mr. Frederic Jacquem, Mica Muriel Johnston. and Ilise Dora Ilammersley. The scenery has been specially painted for this tour, and i. twin elaborate

===== 0002601_19110218_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
Good Templar'

The annual meetzu N . I Convention, S ni•h- West Lancashire. was held at Wigan on Saturday. The reports from the officers were very encouraging. !the adult and juvenile aectione showing a large increase. The treasurer'. report showed • good balance in hand. During the progress of the meeting distinguishtd visitor, arrived, namely. the District Secretary (Bro. Foancis, from Liverpool., the District Treasurer ( Bro. Evan, and Mr. Leone, CK A. Bro. Francis then presided and the enaction of officers resulted as (Awes C CT.. Bro. Punston, St. Helene. C. Conn. Bro. Watson. Wider,; ('VI.. Sister Leslie, Wigan ; C. See. Bro. Newcombe, Wigan ; C.E. Supt., Rio. Leslie,Wisan; C LJ.W.,Siater Wood.Earlest,re. C. Treasu str. Bro. Hill, Wigan ; C.Chap.. Bro./11We, C. Mar., Bro. Lewis. The officers were installed by Bro. Francis (district secretary.)

DEATH. LO96.na n—o a till4lih lam.. In 3, Padasts.lano, War,jaa,nn. Alhert Edward, this liolovial tot,',and Franco. Loogahasr, in his 9.th yr.*,

WA RRINI.TON.—PriIIt..I/ and by Jolts & Co. Warrington . Ltd., at TI • Hann lair General Printing Works, Belraey-street, and Publitield by teem at the was place, sad Mao at 2,7,, trim...dr Offices, Victoria-road, WII.NF.S. 3, George-etreeL ST. Figi.can. 3, lltarket-atreet, EaPPs`lnwl4. attigniteitteet, Iluscont,. Feb. 1s lul 1.

===== 0002601_19110218_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
PACACE AND EMPIRE HALE SKATING. HIPPODItOME. TEL. 282. WARRING:3N. TEL. 282. S3O —TWICE NIGEITLY-90. THE RENDEZVOUS OF THE ELITE. COMFORT AND REFINEMENT. WEDNESDAY EVENING, Feb. 2204, GRAND HOCKEY MATCH. Empire v. Fredaham. Bully oft 8.30. MONDAY NEXT. FEBRUARY, 20Th, lUll. THURSDAY, Feb. 23rd. The Popular Sport. Night, Ladies' Lighted Candle Race, Gents'l Backward Race. DE VERNEUIL'S. Most Amusing Novelties. Roma of Laughter. HANDSOME PRIZES. Skating as usual between events. Our speciality. Delightful magic. The heat Skates proonee'de, ead the finest skating surface in the country- STUDIES IN LIVING ART. POPULAR PRICES. ADMISSION M. SKATES, LADIES', 3d.; GENT'S, Rd. HIPPODROME PERFECTION PICTURES. MILITARY BAND EVERY EVENING,AND SATURDAY AFTERNOONS HARCOURT MILLs, The Boy Actor. DIAMOND AND BEATRICE, HARRY BROWN, Coloured Comedian. " MY STAR," Juvenile Comedienne. "FOX HUNTING," A Series of Sporting Pictures. KITTS AND WINDRUM. IN THE MILITARY CONTRETEMPS "The Cuckoo." Stella, li.; 3d.; Pit. Rd.: Gallery, 3d. _ _ _ THE WIDOW and FAMILY of the late Mr. A. E. LONGSHAW wiell to THANK all their FRIENDS for exproasions of sympathy.

IN LIQUIDATION. J. M. Greenhalgh & Co., Ltd., BRIDGE STREET Stock must be cleared. Great Reductions. Special Bargains in all Departments.

Last Week of Sale. See REMNANT WINDOWS FOR BARGFCINS, W. HODGIUNSON Ltd., Bridge Warrington.7tt

B-4 IG YIELD" L ERTILIZERS GROW BIG CROPS. MOST PRODUCTIVE MANURE ON THE MARKET FOR PRICE AND TERMS APPLY OWEN TOOLE, 562, WINWICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Telephone No. 332. Telegrams Owen Toole." WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Reepsotablellouseholders, on their own security, with- out delay, on our simple written proud... to pay heck FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. JOHN E. GOODWIN, MANAGER. E 5 T 4 O THESE BrZ TERMS LENT reed DpeAriLL. T ES loan, Repay £5 10s. ; £25 loan, Repay £27 10s. EIO „ „ £ll £3O „ „ £33 £l5 „ „ £lO 10.. I £5O „ „ £55 £2O „ £22 I £lOO „ „ £llO No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special attention applicant@ from this district. CHARLES PATH' N, 219, BRUNSWICK ST.,OXFORD RD., MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON ST., loser Bradley's Clothing Shop) NORTH WICH. PRIVATE LOANS FOR SHORT PERIODS. £lO reply Ell £5O repay £55 £2O £22 I £lOO • £llO can be obtained' from M. SEFTON:LTD. Longer periods can be arranged an f01i0... :- 2 6 weekly repay £lO loan including charges. 5 • „ EN) „ „ 10 „ El „ £lOO The above terms are altered' to ma circumstilees. WRITE OR CALL The MANAGERESS, bliss C. corrERILL. 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON.

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. PRICES 2/2, 24, 2/6 and 2/8 per lb. THE NATIONAL TEA CO., 16, HORSEMAREET BT., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques given with the Tea may be exchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent. HEAD ESTABLISHMENT 50, sad 151, Frlarpte, Preston. 2/6 ToßrilirßenUtpr: .SLOIFET..g.,dioNof coo_ FORTY This season's goods. Limn, coversorentres, ARTICLES towels, @probs, mufflers, ladies and gents IN EVERY gloves, hoeiery, ties, belts. etc. Every RALE bale contains forty metal household 2/6 articles, for M. 6d. carriage paid to any address : Miry. 12, "JESSOP," 29, BARRY ST., BRADFORD, YORKS.

TEETH EXORS TEETH J. H. PARKINSON TEETH MANCHESTER TEETH ATTEND TEETH 9 EGYPT STREET. TEETH WARRINGTON. 'EVERY WEDNESDAY II to 7 TEETH Branches at TEETH NORTHWICH, WINSFORD and TEETH MIDDLEWICH (See Local Papers).

_ BARGAINS IN PIANOS, &c. Rosewood Case. 6 Stops, Harmonium Good Condition Z 5 0 Harmonium Walnut Case. 3 Stops, Good Condition ... . . £4 0 0 Harmonium Walnut Case. 4 Stops .. £4 10 0 Piano By Brinsmead £5 0 0 Piano By Broadwood. Rosewood Case ... £lO 0 0 Piano By R Allison. Walnut Case £l2 0 0 Piano By Broadwood £l3 0 0 Piano By Hy Wagner ... £l3 0 0 Piano By Hilton & Hilton ... £22 0 0 Piano By Goss & Kaleniann £2B 0 0 All Warranted and Tuned Free for 12 months WADSWORTH'S SANKEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

For the STANDARD BREAD, CARTER & SON, WAIRFtING9rON.

WE ALSO BAKE EACH DAY, Standard Brown Bread. This Bread Contains the entire components of British Grown Wheat. eTIRTER & SON.

coO sAm THE SPOT SHOP, T N. GREEN (FISH MARKET.) FOR EVERYTHING-.

4::•<:-000-:::-:::0000-:::--43-0-0000000-:::-:::-<3-00000-000-:::-0.00000-c.:-0-0000 0 0 0 0 0 Smith & Walker, 0 0 . . ~...... TAILORS. o •::. . Are now showing New Goods for the Season in exclusive designs. • . o- . Market Gate, ..f., * _ -:... 0 I ELEPHONE 5 '. Warrington. z

MRS. WALSH 7 LADIES' AND CHILDREN S OUTFITTER Is now showing a choice selection of Early Spring HEADY-TO-WEAR HATS. 50 & 52. SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

‘*: _ . _ *6. 7 MISTLETOE" Drawing Room Stove.

These Stoves burn all day without attention and are invaluable for Private or Public Rooms. THE BEST AND MOST ARTISTIC STOVES, on Show at pENDLEBuRts Fu r s TEL •3 Near CENTRAL STATION Write for descriptive Booklet. Anthracite washed Nuts kont in stock.

TAILOR AND COSTUMIER, ROBERT WOOD, 5, Market Place, Warrington. Special Suit and Overcoat g-ale. SEE WINDOW.

old @ abar CHICALA A DRY FEED FOR CHICKENS

Farming in Canada means 100% Annual Profit.

Get a piece of the earth—in the Empire—under the Flag. Canada's land is freehold land. Two years' rent of a British Farm will purchase improved land of equal area in Canada—Britain's nearest overseas dominion. 160 acres Government land free for farming. Work for all farm labourers and domestic servants guaranteed. For free maps, pamphlets and fi..11 particulars, apply to Mr. A. F. JUR V. Canadian Government Agent, Old Castle Buildings. Preesons Row, Liverpool ; or to Mr. J. OBED SMITH, Assist- ant Superintendent of Canadian Emigration, it and 12, Charing Cross, London, S.W.

, 1 The most Perfect Preservative for the Skin and Complexion. sotrls I/. of Si Chemists and Stores Jalt-Larola, Reyd a eaaves end peevenfs all ROUGHNESS REDNESS. CHAPS. IRRITATION. KEEPS TIE AM SOFT. SNOODS AND WNITE. elelrell...lly Sooth.n. •nd RefreshLng era- Goff Mocanny. C,.<1., Dam., N. SEETIAN 4 SON. Cbelteabas. MERRYWEATHERS' HAND FIRE PUMP Evil the L,o,est, fist/ ~,./ 4-,s, Rs ,a.:4 FIRE EXTINOUSIIER. 1. Nothing to gt out of order. •—• 2. Nothing to corrode. 3. Nothing to explode. 7/ T ler London hr.., erect.' - lEVished in toe year by t..c.se cast,' 13, LONG ACRE, Ht., LONDON.

Liable to Whiter Colds. . 17. Jcnes, of Buckingham, who has taken Artitier•n for flirt winters, writes 1— " tu half of cx,r yrpultion that is bal le :o wirier rOLI,. I consider myself fortunate in having had your Emulsion brought to my notice. For four or five years I have taken it during the winter months, and have found it greatly reduce the liability to take cold and that it mitigates the severity if one is taken. It is a reliable pick-me-up after influenza. It is not • palliative merely, but a genuine healing and nourishing preparation. Others to when I have recommended it have found it of great benefit in relieving cough and in promoting improved health generally." ANGIER,T..,-;muisioN Amlee. rm‘o,im IN • simple healing tr,nle that is soothing altke to throat. lung, stomach and intestines. an aid to am.etite and digestion and M tome and restorative. I.ly its soothing, healing action it relieves the cough. allays ...runes,. and in- flammation and promotes ease eopectoratinn. while by its tonic i.roperti,s it increases • Imlay and enables the to nuitkly throw oft a cqld and to resist an,ther Angicr'S Liu:Oslo:1 ts unequalled for colds. coughs, bronchi!, asthma and al: lick odtctluns. A FREE SAMPLE postage ; o.m.eert p:per.. London. ANGIKR CnoHltr;leClilLof

Domestic Servants. etc. FOR SERVANTS yrriln LO SKOV GAARD MORTENSEN, I St. Hoods's!. 15. Copenhagen V. WANTED GENERAL, about 17 years, for rosin funily.—Apply Mrs. DAVIES, 14, Mytton It.. Marne, Manchemer. ii,S,OsVGltee{rilfiltorY.J OBoe, emote Young d Hounsmaids. WANTED, • ood GENERAL for Country House ; character required ; wages £lB.—Apply Mrs. Cox, Littlehank, Settle. WANTED, Young GENERAL; no washing; no children; family 5; referencea-15, PORTLAND CEESC&NT, Plymouth Grove, Mancheeter. SERVANTS, all Capscitiee, wanting good places near :Manchester apply MineTINbDA LE, Palatine Registry,Fallowheld. Immediate engagemeate. WANTED GENERAL (16 to 19); references requlrsti.—Mrs. BYRES, Prospect Howe, Cocker Hill, Stalybridge. WANTED strong GENERAL, good references, 6e. —Mrs. RILEY, 8, Lindow rd., Seymour Grove, Manchester. NVANTid, Strong pENERAL, sged about 20; £l6. —Mr.. LOMAT, Smyrna Well Ville, Radcliffe, 31encheeter. WANTED, GIRL, 16 to IS, to armlet in hoimerrork ; good borne; reference required.-11. BARKER CT., Oldham. WANTEDCOOK.GENERAL £2O, also Housemaid- Waitress £l6, and Gentrals.—Mrs. MORTIMER, 17. Hale rd., Bowdon. WANTED COOK, good plain, March let ; tied to children; wages £22.—Mrs. WHITFIELD, High. croft, Boston. WAN TED, GENERAL—Comfortable home offered to respectable General ; able to visith.—Apply, MESSENGER, 107, Sumesird., Southport. WANTED HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS, shout 23 reference required. -Mrs. GoonanaND,Oakliurria, Wood lane. Dow Altrincham.

WANTED, GENERAL (imperia), for doctor's house; small family ; no washing; good wages. Mrs. 31:Do, Brookhurst, Ashton-under-Lyee. WANTED, SITUATION as ororking-hoesokireper ; good referencee.7Address Mrs. 0 env, 21, York Avenue, West Parade, Lincoln. WANTED several COOK-GENERALti and GENERALS. Good wages. Small families.— BEG isvnv, 24, Trevelyan et., Eccle., Manobesior. WANTED, GEN ER OL (good), 28 to 30.—Required on or before March 4th. Family three. No wishing. Good wages. Refereuces—Mrs. GRUNDY, Springfield. Heywood, Cr Manch.ster. WANTED, GIRL (strong, oleen, about 16 to 20) for housework; fond of children ; good home; Protestant.—Apply slrs. HILL, 80, Higher Swan lane, Bolton, Lancs. WANTED 20 COOK-GENERALS (one hotel), Working Barmaid,Cook and Houeemaid tog•ther, Young Generals; good wages; references.—RourosoN's armorer, Yorkshire .t., Bernie?. NVANTED, COOK-GENERAL, experienced, Holm Parlour-maid kept, good references ..sandal.— Apply Mrs. HORGAN, Holinwood, Knutsford. WANTED, COOK-GENERAL, aged about 30, for family of four,. also Housemaid, age about 25. —To apply to Mrs. WARD, Ardoyne, Bromley Cross, Bolton. 1,1108 PHILLIPS' SERVANTS AGENCY, 120, Bold at, LiverpooL Vaancies all classes superior maids. Interview or stamp. WANTED GENERAL; three in family ; thoroughly reliable; state wages; refereoces.—Mrs. Moony, Winatead, Brarnhall, Cheshire. VITANTED COOK GENERAL, *tidy March ; good ✓ personal character; Church of England ; £l6 VICARAGE, Halton, Runoorn. WANTED COOK (experienced) at once; good wages; also Genemlr.—WATKINS, late Silk, Ladies' and Children'. Outfitter, 57, Sankey at-, Wsrriogton. WANTED, COOK-GENERAL (experienced), age 25 to 30, two is family; man kept for windows, Ac.. salary £2o.—Apply, Mrs. DOoTsON, Porkfield, Leigh, Cr. Monchester. CANADA.7Good Domaatin Servants, for Toronto and Regina ; excellent wages; advanoed passage to filtla with good characters.—Write Mrs. Dt.m ELL, sleridan terrace, Bishopston, Bristol. NATANT ED, good PLAIN COOKS. Wai tr.qe • Housemaid-Waitresaes, Cook-Genera Is an experienced Num.—MlN. READ'S SELECT REGISTRY Rusholme, Manchester. o WANTED, Cooks, Cook-Gsnerals, Housemaid- Waitresses, Hormemaids and Clenerabo—Mrs. Dover, Select Agency, 64, Friarsgate, Preston. WANTED at Stockport, Cook-Generals, Parlour- maids Good wages for good references. Fares paid. Enclose stamp. No delay.—Nliss Nawrow, 12 Great Underbank, Stockport. WANTED, experienced COOK-GENERAL and Housemaid for doctor's house, man for coals, etc.; family wash soot out. References required.— Mrs. QUAYLE, Belmont, tirmeton, Manchester.

Miscellaneous. CIOMPLEXION CREAM, eats like magic, recipe le. Dow, 15, St. sfary's st., Swansea. QURE Recipe for killing rata, cheep sad genuine' P.O. Is.—J. FORD, 69, kndlesham rd., Wham. d'ORONATION Jewellery, latest novelty Tie 1317174 Brooch, P.O. la—J EMOP, epecialist, Hereford. IVRY "Cassoleoe " Hair Tonic,gives excellent resufti, J. bottles I/6—F W Srakeen.,Cembrldge st., Aylesbury WiITSLEIW-E. Wardrobe dealer. —BAKER, Markit V V et, Soarboro',g3 and £s,good valne for be/loners. WOREIGN STAMPS.—LOOrs 6d., used and unused:7— BARNETT BROS., 59, Queen rd., R ichmond,Surrey. tcycles ; workl-renowned Ruske," ; highest quality, gi 10s..Cornish, 67 Hyde rit.Ladywood,Birmiligbam 5061:,'"25'Wrpttof"—",te.::111:1,rittirme,.. HVitaliser,Botanic extracts; besutilles et reogt hens eir Pomade or ores m,ls; trial 6d.-Wa n nva,Ese Hey,Rdog. ('U AR RAIPESUL7I.T. A poison rats will sated.— Nog Su Inn% Rockford, Emma Quilt in quick. R E C IPE for enceptional Furniture or Floor-cloth Reeowster, IX—EDEN'S/0 Stock it WalliaSitttob WOWS warmed free of eost...—Yorfull partrkarirs spply, •DIPADCRN' CO. Kings rd. Walton-on-Thames 86 Rit:ol'S zea o rmleo. to dneomnisitlisat la.H.eLlielertlitarst wanted.—Becurseu & Co., Hounded itch, London, F.C. 600 pATI.FAIRRPELJGAHr2R.SeownfIIIebeer seLtifeo4,le6, .ADIES' COMBINGS made up, eirsd 3e. with order STANLF.Y 8I CO., 20, Bedford rd., Climbs.. .ARGE Sheepskin Rugs, varioue colours, 12s. 6d., -LA approveI.—WILKISSON, 23, SL. Paul's pia., Csnonbury, London. GRANI) Coronation Musical Game, directions enclosed, post free Is. 6d.—R, Egsfrros, Preston st., F ham. - i_ToW to check your Banker's Charges. Eighth .1.1. edition It, net, poet free Is. Id. from PUBLISHER, 67, New Oxford it., W.C. diARDERS sollcited—for embroidery, Irish chrocbet 1.../ lace, hand knitting.—Mrs. A. G. McNous, Ardars Co. Donegal. VieSYCHOMETßY.—Certillcated Clairvoyant seoond J. sight; mod _glove or tier age, Is. 6d. stamps.— Miss facCattom, Lorne plsoe, tiourock. irlltlCYCLlSS.—Splendid offer, high-grade Bicycle for .1-0 nothing; send stamp for catalogue and parties.— PHOENI CYCLII & 1110 TOR CO., Bournbrook,BirMinghalli. ROOTS. Save nearly 50 per cent, buying from the factory. Good 800 Hide, strong weer, Sa. 6d.. carriage peid.-LEwts, 58, Bell Hill, St, George, Bristol HOOT POLISH, make your own so easy, black or ▪ brown, I dos. this 6d. size cost you Is. 64., send P.O. la—Rmike ex Boos., 40, Cavernham rd., London, N.W. WALMAIN'S Luminous Paiot.—send 6 stamps tor ▪ luminous tray ter bedside; 2 stamps tor luminees star.-120FINE, St. Katherine., Cheam, Surrey. ' POST FREE FOE RPENCE.—NoveI article in metal; useful to every housewife; eaves cost over again. Agents wanted.—itLAß, High et., Aston, Birmingham. (loud mosey can be made by selling our suiting, and var dress goods amongst friends.t workpeople.—Sß•D- -FORD SERGE MANUFACTURING Co.,3l,Bouthst.,Brsdford nO your love affairs trouble you? Then write to "Lastzttox." SOB WORIAO's Life," price Id. weekly, of all neweageots. (Inite the prettiest nightdress we have seen fore long Nog time is the ladies' patt presented tree with Marsh 4th fame of 'Wonsan's Life,' price Id of all newsegents f'to you make your own marmalade? If so,make your A-, Jars pretty with printed labels in March lth issue of omen's Life,' price Id., of all newsagents. SAFETY RAZOR.—Nestest, Nattiest, and Best, 3s. post free. Worth dolible.—KlNuSWAY TRADING Co4A9, Great Queen et., Kingaway, London, W.C. VOUR—CHARACISK and oun dozen beautifully Ilnished Postcards of yourself. Send photograph and Is. 7d. to WHARTON'S, Easterton, Devizes. winter Cream renders akin smooth and Velvety. Remove. chsps,rednessotc. Delightfully seething, Bottles, Bd., 1,3„-Arthur, Chemist, Victoria rd., Glimgow. 500 is. and la 6d. Real Leather Watch Guards, 74. each, post paid. Trade supplied heed per der. cardedt—Jou BUYER, 9l,Lower Sloane eta:tele., S.W.

el ERMAN by poet, In 20 weekly lemons, complete 413 f ones.' really wry method; perticolers and reference:J.—Henn LINK, 141, Edith rd., W. Remington XAVERIAN COLLEGE, Victoria Park (late Catholic Collegiate) Manchester. Boarding and Day r Sound Commercial Education. Grounds 4g emus TIDESWELL GRAMMAR SCHOOL, nes Btrzten.—BOARDERS from 9gna. per term.— Headmaster, W.G. Bott M.A., LL.D., D.C.L., F.C.S. THE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR CHRIS WARRINGTON.— Kindergarten and Prepare, tory School for Boya.—Priocipsl. MISS DRING, LL.A., A.C.P, Staff iooludes MA, and L.R.A.M. Half.term commences February 25th. WILT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH YOUR BETS AND GIRLS ? DO you wild, them to take up a Commercial Career DO you wish there to enter the Civil Service? DO you wink them to enter one of the Profession,? THEN CALL and consult E. SMART & CO., 1, Buttermarket-street, Warrington, the oldest and most ' aoccamful Business Training and Civil Service College ' in England. Fees from £2 2s. per quarter. , ladies and Gentlemen are given a lint clan Bushing Education, ertnipped with everything necessary to ensure a auccesaful Commercial Career ; and gnaranteed a good position when efficient. Fees from El Is. per qunrter. Tuition is given in all subiects for•Il branches of the Cirri Sorrier, Professional Preliminarien, Seeks, Railways, etc. Coder oar methods of tuition, success is certain. Open from 10 to 9. Call Any Driv, Any Hour. E. SMART & CO., BUTTERMA BEET STREET, WARRINGTON

Apartments. Furnished Houses. rte. 111kBIGHTON.—" Llanrwet " Boarding Home, New Steioe, Marine Barede, °antral WI view, terms from 21e. CIOLWYN BAY.—Colburn's Private Hotel, Promen ade. Electric light. Sep. tables. Tariff from 56 day RHOS, Colwyn Bay.—Well Furnivbed, Two Sitting, Two Double, Three Single Bedrooms NEWHOLME, Whitehall rd. COLWYN BAY.—Comfortable home (central), every care; invalid or armouchment with experieowd R!lon.—Mtlios ROR6RTS, The " 01 i vas," Rhew rd. RHYL.—Saperior private Apartments, choioe posl- ties, facing see ; near golf linke.-3, PLASTIRION T. WIACR, Eut-perede.

I to Business Men. lOW Ruled Billheade 1 or Memo. Forms, 8x 5. Printed on Good Cream Laid Paper, se. Free by Parcel Post.—Dirrioss, 25, Goswell Tenses, Gomel! rd., London. DISINFECrANT.—One gallon of Shetter's Fluid makes thirty gallons of Disinfectant. Send postal order se. to the Mallets, TAYLOR $ SHOTTER, 1042, Druid st., Liverpool. Established 1093. BEDSTEADS, Bedding, Wire Mattresses, etc. direct from factory to your home; carriage paid. We can save you 50 per rent, illustrated lists f THE MIDLANDS MANUFACTURERS CO., fi Dept., North st., Wolverhampton. QUCCESS assured is all your undertakings.— a.-7 Marriage, Business, Health. Seed P.O. 2.5. Sd. end stamp with oirthday and yea—MADAME CRIPELLO, 45, Lower °metier., Ilkeston. P.H.0.T.0. POST CARDS of yourself Is. do.; catalogues and semplee,free ; ENLARGEMENTS (life size) In. 3d. complete.—Pncrro WORKS, July road, Liverpool, E. RECORDS ; unbreakable cylinders; never wear Rua; .1.1.4 latest, loudest, brightest, eweeteet, best. Last for ever. Send Is. postal order for sample. Lists free H IMBERT PEARSON, 76, Sussex rd,., Holloway, London. HIGHEST prices given for furniture,china, old gold, pearls, jewellery of every description ; money sent same day as parcels received. Banker's reference.— HERBE RT, 276 Cabridite rd., Shepherds Bush. QUEEN MARY STATIONERY.—A Dainty Box of Note and Envelops, perfumed with Grossmith's Phnl-Nane, post free,9d. stanips.—DlßECT STATIONERY SUPPLY, 28, Ludgate Hill, London. DIRECT from Loom to Wertrer.—Splendid Snit Lengths, 9a. to 200.; also Overcoatings latest novelties ;patterns free ; carriage paid—WEST HIDING MANUFACTURING Co.. Golcar, Huddersfield.

To be Let. FrO LET or FOR SALE, good Residence opposite St. Mary's Church, Buttermarket .t.—Apply, Davies, Builder, do., Cockbedge blot, Warrington. FIPO BE SOLD OR LET, °react:sok, Hlgber Whitley This well-known and attractive Residence to be let or sold—Apply Honor Gareklact, & Co., Solicitors Warrington, & J. L. TUNSTALL AND CO. . BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. ESTATE AGENTS AND VALUERS. HAVE TO LET : CHEAP COTTAGES off !Manchester-road. HOUSE in Parker nt., Elk per annum. HOUSES in Sankey Bridget., 30. to tos. dd. per week. 122, 13attersby Lane, On. 24. per week. OFFICE in centre of town .6.10 per annum. SEVERAL well built, good roomy boon., central, rents from .620 to £35 p. a. LOCK-UP SHOPS to let In populons neighbonrhood. FIRST CLASS LOBBIED SI X-ROOM ED HOUSE in White it. good cellar, 7a. 6d. r,r week. SHOPS In Mersey-street and knutsford-road ; low rent. SIX-ROOMED I.OBBIED HOUSE in Latchford, with bath, 6.. fid. per we. SEMI-DETACHED VILLA, Latchford Without, pleuant situation ; low rent and ratee. HOUSE in Salisbury Street, £22 per annum. TELEPHONE No. 308. SMITH AND TUSTON, Valuers, Estate, Insurance end Commission Agents, Mortgage Brokers, CRANIPTON'S CHAMBERS, BARBAULD WT., WARRINGTON. 42, FOTEIERGILL ST. Hour and Shop. Low rectal. 66 and 74 ALGERNON ST., 4s. Bd. per week. SEMI-VILLA, Orford Green. Lenge garden beck and front, Newly hearitified, ge per week. 39, ORFORD ROAD. Rent £25 yearly clear. 76, MARSH HOUSE LANE. Bath, dc., 7e. Si. per week. NEW HOUSES, Hallfields rd„ 6s. and 7s. per week. 42, HAZEL-ST., 41. 2d. per week. For Ss le, as a going concern, HOU SE FURNISHERS AND AUCTIONEERS BUSINESS. Full particulars on spoilt:Attica. 139, DORSET LANE, se. 3d. per week. 26, MTH/MC[ILT, ST ,newly beautified, Se. per week 8 and 62, NORRIS ST., Bath h. iaid o. water, 7s per week. 42, GENERAL STREET, rent 4s. 9d. per week. 6, CLARE'S BUILDINGS, rent 4s per week. 24, KERFOOT STREET, rent se. per week. 63, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4e. per week. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi-detached Residence; large garden ;eunoy situation ; reduced rent. MARKET-GATE, Warrington. good Doable Office, most central position in town; good light; 43, NEW-ROAD, Rent 4s. Id. per week. 33. PINNER S BROW, Lockup Shop, Rent?s. clear. OFF SANKEY STREET, Warrington, 2 Storey Ware- house with cart entrance, rent .616. 64, DALLAkf LANE, rent On. Apply ROHERT Loon, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank Street Warrington. Telephone—No 66

. _ . Wanted. EMPLOYMENT. Why be out of work, posticulan .12/ Id. stamp-44, Moor lane, Preston, Lancashire. ODOR Debts purchased for cask, say looality.- 0601F0RD,36, Parade at., Barrow-In- Verne... OLD FALSE TF,ETH WANTED.-.111-rirMoss offered by return.—Kino C0.,340 Hart et. London HAIR COMBINGS bought, 44. per ounce and upwards paid. SurneuLago,lo,oxford ni.,Harrow. oiler? White or Grey Combing., good price.— IA TANNER, 191 Earlsaell rd., Wandsworth, London. Al ARRIED Couple would take baby (from birth or older child. Farmhouse. Loving care and attention. Prom ium.—Partic. Perri,. SUnder. Fl, °near, Ewes. WANTED.—To Rent or Purchase good Mixed Farm up to 300 acres, with aloe Homestead—Write Davtis,3B, Regent Circus., Swiedon. CIANADA.—J.WSITITORD, Emigration Agent,Gunnis, lake is conducting his 2nd party April Ist. mticulars free. ▪ F you want to make money, take lemons, correspond- ▪ ence, in chocolates and sweets, all kind.. For parties apply Mre. PAIN, Sonnyaide, Russell School, Fleetwood, Lancs. 4 RCHITECI'S PUPlL.—Taught every branch of profession; premium required.—JoNss, Beek. Chambers, Runcorn. O.ARDENERS (Canada).—Definite situation.. Good mgt. Sall March.—UNlON TRANSIT COMPANY. 28, South Castle at., LiverpooL leoeUe'B' Promissory sh down; fNiSlte'vSeluDe!b"AußoNucettC Co., 34, Dominate, Maecheeter. ATERNITY NURSE, registered, C.M.B. Certiff OA. eata—Address Mr.. GROUNDS, 29, MlllOO at. Warrington. Terms Moderate. CANVASSER,rerponslble, reliable num on good coin. mission, to sell Calendars in this 'district ; one appointed. Write mating experience.-A ppl y Box 8116,e/0 SHARROW & THATCHER, Holborn Place, London, WC _ . . "VIETOMEN.—Do you seek or want to give employment? VT See Free Bureau nod Register conducted by 'Wird. red ' weekly ' Woman's Life.' price Id of all newsagenUi. lUt ARMED Couple wieh to adopt infant from LUTIa. as own; load home offered.—Box 7443, 0/0 SHARROW ,t THATCHER, HolbGra Place. London, W.C. OLD Metals wanted. Have you any to sell. Old lead, sine, electrov, stereos, cooperate., or do you Inow anyone that bas.—Writs MARAYILLA WORKS k 5. Union rd.. Rotherhithe, London._ CEAN LlNERS.—Persone desiring to become Stewsrds, Stewardesses, Butchers, Baker.. Engineers,StokersAo.; send addressed envelope ; forms ' free.—W.BREAKELL, 14, Chatham rd., Southport. HERE'S CHANCE for both sexes! I—tiooTgiio Sanitary Inspectors—Lady Health Visitor.— School Nurses. Postal Comm Lessons for Liverpool and Manchester Exam. now commencing. F. 25s 450 suoceases.—MustreNs, Sanitary Expert, Sunderland VETERINARY COURSE AT HOME. WE give a thorough Veterinary training by mall, containing 800 lectures ; taught in the simplest English language and illustrations. Coat within reach of ail. Diploma granted. Successful graduates every- where. Great opportunity to learn Veterinary at a small cost. Satisfaction guaranteed. Particulars free. LONDON VETERINARY COLLEGE, London, Canada. FARMERS for irritated colonial farms and 350 Farmhands and Domeetics wanted immediately. —Apply WRIGHT,' TRAVEL EMIGRATION OFFICES, Watergate at., Chester, or Visit Greater Britain. Exhibition, Music Hall, Chester, February 23rd to March 11th, daily from 10 to 10. Interview Repre- sentatives and colonial products, minerals. stuffed animals (including buffalo and kangaroo kindly loaned by His Grace the Duke of Westminster and colonist Governments). Model% and Cinematograph Lecture,, by the Agent General for Tasmania, and Government Representatives, etc. The Cestriau String Band, Empire Choir and other attractions. Admission, 64. Seanon Tickets 3s. 64. Send for Handbook by post 6d.

Machinery BOILERS 50,and MACHINERY, good gaoled-hand. JOHN STRINGER AND SON (Dept. 41) EValkhern _ I NON-CONDUCTING COMPOSITION MANUFACTURERS for the Prevention of Radiation of Heat from Steam Boilera Piping, Hot Water Circulating Boilers and Pipes, and all Heated Surfaces. We quote for Covering the above with Magst,ia,Silicate Cotton,Hnio Feltand our Composition. Composition, Supplied in Cask. Ready fur Application. EMERY AND EVANS, Galleries at., Stranssarave. Mancheeter. PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN 1885. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. P Ring St COLONIAL & FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. Pawn

Stock's Businesses, Etc. DREAD, Flour and Confectionery, with good Public fLlg Biking; gsnoine masons for sale ; open to resoon- able offer, 78, BEACON LANE, Egerton. mICE MIXED BUSINESS for sale, grand opening for energetia couple.-33, PRIESTI.EY ST., Warrington. BBesi.mcss for Disposal. General Grocery, doing fair trade ; going abroad.—Addreos Box No. 93, Ex ambler," Officer, %Torrington. OURNEMOUTFL—For Sale, Baarding and Apart- ment Establiohment ; going concern ; good living; now full.-14, CHRIST( HURcll ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO CR. SELL are advioed to consult Mr. COWDELL, Lech at.. Warrington.

Hotels. Hydros, Boarding Hoasen L ONDON.—WILD'S First-class TEMPERANCE HOTELS, 30 to 40, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. Electric Lift. Central for Bushier or Pleasure. Also at 70 and 71, EUSTON SQUARE. Close to Eaton, St. Pen' ras, endKieg'.Cro Stations. Home Comforts,Cleaullness, and Quiet.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAI7RANT (Xs?? HT OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38. CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS AC., TESTIMONIALS ISOM ALMOST STIRS TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

- - SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DEAL DIRECT wurri THE MANUFACTURER, N-TirE make SMART COATS, SKIRTS (Serra, Tweed.), to measure from 3 gna Write for Patterns, Sketches, S.ll-measurement Form. No risk ; fit guaranteed ; money returned if not satisfactory. A. PUSHELL, 98, LADIIROKE GROVE, LOVDON, W.

Great SALE of Furnishing Goods IMPORTANT REDUCTIONS JAN. 23 to For R PIONEE FEB. 25 1 Cash or Hire Bold St. Liverpool. Terms - CARPETS Made and Laid Free. LINOLEUMS Made and Laid Free. ROLLER BLINDS Made Free. CASEMENT MATERIALS Over I - per yard Made up Free. HOUSEHOLD LINENS One Penny in the Shilling Discount. Gas Fittings Fixed Free.

VOR Sale, two WHITECHAPEL CARTS; butcher or grOOOT saoh.-153, RADNOR PT, Halme, Manchester. lIIIIREE Yorkshire Terrier BITCHES. cheap; two J l 18 weeks' old,one 13 months' old.-22AM BERM BRE or., Dukiafield. 'VOR SALE. Pl young Piga, Large sod Middle-White A: (good) ; prices reasonable.—Apply 289, Li v ERPOOL RD, Sankey Bridge, Warrington. 111 HROPGH SLACKNESS: FOUR CART HORSES, 111-17hds. ; quiet sod rood workers, hard or soft; .312 to £25; GEARS, LERRIES, sad CARTS.-55, HENSRAW ST. Oldham. (1001) Secondhand LURRY with tap boards, fro„ XX about 18crrt., Cob, Spring Cart, sad fist top Csrt , snit greengrocer.—WlNSTANLEY, Wheelwright, Hall Green, pholland. riOR SALE, Smart PONY, 3 years old, 131 hoods, A.' broken in harness, quieteouridmice .over; milt lady gentleman. or doctor ; nelson for safe ton many.— FREDERICK BLAC innm,Farmer,Bick emu. fte,Ormak irk.

Houses, Land, On Sale, dec.- I\TORTH W•LES COAST.—Two modern semi. i. dereched Ville. clone to.ee •, good investment.— Particulars Mr. nAvto Twow as, Solicitor, Llenrwst. LICOR SALE by private treaty, two first-close House. 12 in Arpley IL—For perticnlars opply T. aj. L TONSTALL A CO., Estste Agent. Warrington. ANETA. British Columbi. Small Ranch, fenced V very fertile, house, barn buildings 4,000 dollars —I3I2NEsT CIiCRCHEs, Moots or H. E. TURNER. Dorking, Surrey. IVOR SALE (or tenancy), oew.loeilt Freehold Ware hooseno ground rent, containing besement.ground first and seoond floors • proctically fireproof. Coed for bottling. Two insulated cooling cham bers,each 2850 cubit feet capacity, with expansion pipe.; excellent well, GOO gallons per hour summer and winter.Lindes Refrigerator on direct repannion By/stem. Two Gas Engine. (7 .4 'M h..p. respectively). Lift to all floors to carry 10 cwt. Off. licence ettachel. to premier.,; est Me I,ring v•olind Apply ED, neon, 32. Hon nt.. liednlin.ar, Bristol.

Shares Two £2OO Provident House-Purchase Certilicataa.Cl6 paid on each. What offers?—Cov,heamide,Easttourss CAPITALISTS REQUIRED with sums of £4OOO and upwards to forms Limited Company for the erec- tion of an Up.to-Date HOTEL and K RILAUS, situated in SPIEZ (Rename Plateau), Switserland. GOOD Interest in view. Excellent proepeets. Great demand. Genuine Investment. Personally INSPECTED and STRONGLY RECOMMENDED. Principala address: HOWARDS,3S, DERONDA ROAD, LONDON.

DREXOL (The 12 hour cold cure). The latest Ncionti aohlevemeat. Cures • cold hi 12 Hours. Does not utast digestive organs. Price Is. 6d. post free only from bREXOL CHEMISTRY CO., 57, BASINOHALL Sr.. LONIXIN, E.C. A fee of £2 will he paid for the best four line poem estoling the merit. of DREXOI.. The Terms to be the property of the Drew' Cheroi6try Co. Write for particulars.

FURNITURE, CARPETS, DECORATIONS. Garnetts WARRINGTON And LIVERPOOL. ,122 Bold ,ttrot. Established Manufacturers when Geo. oe the Fourth was King.

THE 13 LST Fr AILORING IS THE /IHEAPEST. The grandmas of Good Tailoring aro SKILFUL CUTTING, CONSCIENTIOUS WORKMANSHIP, RELIABLE MATERIAL Oar constant aim Is to embody these three principlee in all our productions and to sell •t the lowsat price consistent with the mainten- ance of high•class quality. 11. S. PAGE AND CO., 74, SANKEY ST., (LE..11 Sr. C,rWrrcToM

„ ,

Anthracite Stoves Once lit burn all winter. COST ,r BURNING ONLY ONE-THIRD AN ORDINARY FIRE. No Fumes.Sinoke or Soot. BEDROOM SIZE STOVE, Price 40s. :.te :Ile Stoves burning dai:y in the Window. J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53 and 55 Bridge Street, Warrington.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EA.DE'S PILLS. GOT THE RIGHT THING Nalton.road, Bridgend, Glam. April 11th, 1910. Dear Sir.—Some years ago I auffered very badly from Rheumatic Gout, and I then tried many things. but got no relief. At last I wag led to try your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, which soon proved I had GOT HOLD OF THE RIGHT THING, end I noon got cell. Whenever I feel an attack coming on Igo to Radon and thev ward it off. I think it only just to you that I should acknowledge their merit, and I may say I always recommend them and know THEY HAVE BEEN A BLESSING TO OTHERS. You may make any use you like of this teatimonial. I remain, dear airi,yßtssKf.aillgigrks. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their sotion, eliminate all. niurlous matter, and are highly restorati VP. Sold everywhere in bottles Is lid. and 2.5. I. or poet f ree for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell roarl,London. IE2.4.DE'S GOUT 8z Ft

DYSPEPTIC PEOPLE • are olten unaware last anything serious is the matter with then, linac are prone to A imagine that their ailments will "go as they. came • • pass away ol themselves. Quite • possibly there is at lirat merely a touch of Indigestion, liserininneen. or Caine similar 0 trouble, easily cured by the right means in the initial stage, but w hich. if neglected. A may. result in more grave conditions, The earlier symptoms point toe disordered state oh the stams,:h and Inner. Then la the time to realise that the functions oi those Important organs can be 0 QUICKLY RESTORED • II recourse he had to the best ol all larilly medicines— Beecham's Pills. These pills do 0 what Is claimed for them ; they Influence quickly. naturally, tind ellectis ely, , the 0 stomach, liver. kidnes s. and bowels, and stimulate them into healthy action. They dispel headache, banish depression, and raise the tone nil the is hole system. Digestion 0 Is established. health renewed, and cbeerlulness induced BY TAKING 0 BEEcHAm,s 0 piLLs• • • • • Sold everywhere in boxes. Price 1 14(56 & 23)(16

BRITISH COLUMBIA. (3/10oPERITV, DE, HI.. 'INS TA S. ii is. A ;nest desirable country for British people to %emir) in. Climate and Land oil adapted for Fruit Growing Dairying & -ed Farming, Horse, Hog, Cattle & Poliary Raising Vast Mineral areae still itridttoeloped. Markets near at hand and prices good. Free Education. Good Laws. till int, rr-arirro fro., o f rhnrge on npnlication to .„ . sat •

The Genuine Old-fashioned Stone Ground Wholemeal ADLINGTON BROS., Price 8 b per Five Stones Sutton Junctor.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by MA DE'S PILLS. FELT NOTHING SINCE It 9, Miller Road, Collier's Wood, Merton. Sep.. 11th, 1919. Dear Sir—l thank you for the grat amount ot good I have had since I first had your excellent Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I went to two hoaditals and they told me to have my foot taken off; that it ware diseased hope. But was recommended your pills, no got n bottle, .d the first two I took, although I had gout veto badly, enalded me to sleep well, the first time for seven year'. That was thirteen months ago and I HAVE FELT NOTHING SINCE. Before that time I *vas continually at home with ihand it is nothing but your famous remedy. Being only a working-man they have been • good friend tome. Again in thanking ? ou, I remain, your Owe advertuieruent. F. HA VTER. EADES GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is. ltd. and In, 9d, or neat no. free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor, GEORGE EADE,232,Goswell road, London. 4.EUMATIC PILLS.

1 Furnishing Problem- -Solved.— HOW can I increase the pur- chasm. g power of every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture ? The solution of that problem will be found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic, sturchly-built furniture, our 1 I per 1e c t manufacturing and se ling 1 organisation enables us to quote prices that are much belo those charged elsewhere for the same articles. No matter whether you Furnish for Cash _ _. _ -....7 Convenient _. Paument Sustem your money will go farthest if y, u purchase from us. Facts worth noting. Me '2 in t',e If d iseou nt for Cash Pal - r. •An be arranged tu Lilt LoNtonisr. cV07:.....,:,nah1e agreements to •ign. Every Article nianufactured under our own direct control and eupervision. We pay carriage to all parts. Good* delivered in Private Van.. Every Fur/U.llin( Requiaite supplied. ..an-fied Cu..toutera account Guarantee. g.ve •'•....lute sa:l.ri - Pr" writs or eon for Cotaloooo -IN GLOBE - Furnishing Co. - 1 • PEMBROKE PLACE, • Liverpool
