===== 0002601_19110812_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
- tilt 4' L xa (I I

No 1595 ONE PENNY

SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, 1911.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
HENRY WAINWRIGHT, 7, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL. Law op-to-date Stock of JEWELLERY. SILVER and ELECTRO-PLATE suitable foc WEDDING PRESENTS.

-- ENGAGEMENT RINGS A SPECIALITY. REGISTERED 22cr. GOLD WEDDING RINGS ESTABLISHID 1798.

KNUTSFORD PARLIAMENTARY DIVLS lON

LIBERALS ENTITLED TO CLAIM AS

LODGER VOTERS

Should apply 0 once to the Local Hoe. See., MR. S. ALBINSON, Fairfield Rd., Stockton Heath ; or to H. CLIFFS, Secretol, CENTRAL LIBERAL OFFICES, KNOTSFORD.

Telephone Sal. Ewen*lett - - - (ILASSES IN BUTTER-MAKING.—The Cheshire IL-) County Council is prepared to undertake cleanse for instruction in Butter-making st any centre in the County, where application is made for such. A clan., where established, will be held for a fortnight, but one will not be undertaken except at lest eight pupils can be provided et the centre. The Director of Education would like to hear front any persons who think such • class would be desirable in their neighbourhood, with a view to arrangements for such being trade. The first class will commence in September next. —Applications should be addressed to R. P. WARD, Director of Educetion, City rd" Cheater. TIARVESTER'S WANTED FOR WESTERN CANADA. Great demand for men st high wages, to handle the enormous WHEAT CROP. Special Canadian Pacific Harvester's excursion rail rates from Quebec (landing port) to Winnipeg in August. Steamer Fare from £6 upwards, from Great Britain—Apply to LEONARD BENNETT, 8, KING STREET, WARRINGTON.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES DAILY SAILINGS (SUNDAYS INCLUDED) 10.45 a.m. Remy Day, by "La hlarguerite " for Llandudno (4 hours sabers), Beaumaris,Bangor and Menai Bridge, due back 7.90 p.m. 2.15 p.m. Extra bail age, Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays sod Mondays for Llandudno and Menai Strait.. For all further informa- tion and conditions of carriage apply to the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company, Ltd., T. O.BRZW, Secretary. 40, Chapel mt.. LlyerPool. ANGLANDS' SAILINGS to GREENOCK and GLASGOW.

PRINCESS LOUISE " or other STEAMER From LIVERPOOL. From GLASGOW. (Clarence dock). (Berths Nom. 22.28 North side) Tues. Aug. 15. 1 p.m. Set. Aug. 12.3 p.m.. 9.30 p.m. Sat. Aug. 19,5 p.m. Thur. Aug. 11,3 p.m. •8.30 p.m. Thurs. Aug. 24, 10 p.m. Toes. Aug. 22.3 p.m. •8.30 p.m *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central) SPECIAL REDUCED THROUGH TICKETS from Warrington, &o. Single. let clan & saloon 13.10 d. ; , 3rd class & saloon 12s 6.1. ; 3rd class & steemge 71. R oPTC(l.7ll.dlfflorD n'Er IC1711'4104" ATV NIT; trd class & saloon 16s. 6.1. : 3rd class & steersge 9s. 6.1. M. LANGLANDS & SONS, 14, CROSS STRBET, MANCHESTER. BROWN'S BUILDINGS, EXCHANGE, LIVERPOOL DUBLIN_ "'ilia ENGLISH lAVKKES

===== 0002601_19110812_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
TEDCASTLE LINL

S.S. "BLACKROCK," " CUMBRIA," " EBLANA," I sod" ADELA," from SOUTH Side, NELSON DOCK, Liverpool. Every Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Seturday, to DUBLIN. Return Saloon, 106.; Steerage 16. with Cheep Excursion Tickets EVERY SAILING, DAY, to Bray, Wicklow, Avoca, Ste., and on Fridays and: Saturdays to Klllarney,Cork,Bundoran, Warrenpoint,&c. Font S.S." BLACKROCK" every Tuesday and Ft iday horn Liverpool, and Dlondays and Wedneedays from Dobl in. SPECIAL SIX DAYS' SEA CRUISE, per "Combrin" Every Saturday, to Whitehaven, giving 3 days for English Laken thence to Dublin' and back to Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 months). Saloon 225. 6d. or with 14 meals, 21e. additioosi. Apply TEDCASTLE, McCORMICK & CO., LTD Liverpool. Tolograme " Todosatle." Telepbme 975

2. No person shall to the annoyance or obstruction of soy persons going to, attending at, or retuning from divine service iu on; church, chapel, or other plane of public worship, wilfully and persistently loiter about or near the entreat° of any such church, chapel, or other piece of public worship. ANNOYANCE ON SUNDAY. 3. No person on any public coach or other public vehicle for the conveyance of peseengers, or on ny coach, brake, wagonette, or other vehicle hired or used for the conveyance of pleasure parties sod the like, shall on Sundays blow nay horn, or use any other noisy Instrument, or make, or combine with any other person or pinions to make any loud singing or outcry while passing through any town, village, or hamlet, orb; any church, chapel, or other place of public worship, to the annoyance or interruption of residents within any such '"

•ey teen, Village Or or ally peraoo. worshipping in toy ouch church, chapel, or other place of public I worship. Nothing in mir bye-law obeli prevent the use of a horn in a reaaonable manner by one person on a coach or similar vehicle.

ORGANS. 4. No person shall In any street or public place, or on any land adjoining or near to any street or public place, use Cr play, or cause to be used or played, any steam organ or other monies' instrument worked by mechanical measa, to the annoyance or disturbance of residents or passengers, provided always that such Bye-law shall not apply to any fair feast festival or wakes lawfully held. MUSIC NEAR HOUSES. G. No person shall sound or play upon any musical or noley instrument or sing in any street or public place within 100 yards of any dwelling-house or office , to the annoyance of any inmate thereof, after being I requested to desiat by such inmate, either personally or through hie servant, or through a constable Pro- vided that this Bye-law shall not apply to properly conducted religious service°, except where the request to desist is made on the ground of the serious illness of any inmate of the house. MUSIC NEAR HOSPITALS. G. No person shall sound or play upon any musical or noisy instrument or sing in any street or public place within 100 yards of any hospital, infirmary, convalescent home, or other place used for the reception or treat- ment of the sick after being requested to desiet by any constable, or by any inmate or officer of such hospital or other place, or by any person acting on his behalf. PROPANE, OBSCENE, OR INDECENT LANGUA HE GESTURE, Olt CONDUCT IN ANY STREET OR PUBLIC PLACE.

ICCet,

7. No person shall in any street or public place or in any piece within view or hearing of any street or public place, use any profane, obscene, or indecent language, gesture, or conduct to the annoyance of passengers, or use any abusive language, gesture, or conduct towards any person with intent to put such person in fear or whereby • breach of the peace may be occsaioned. STREET CRIES, &c. 8. No person shall within any Urban District in the County, for the purpose of InwLing, selling, distribut- ing, or advertising any article, shout crone any bell, gong, or other noisy instrument in any street or public place so an to cause annoyance to the inhabitants of the neighbourhood.

COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER. 1 full and uninterrupted view of the tratflc in and along BYE.LAWS for the food rule end gosernmeot of the suchatreet in front and abreast of him on each side, end ADMINISTRATIN E COUNTY OF CHESTER no person who shall be driving any vehicle. in spy street (excepting the Municipal Boroughs eitpate all occupy such a pmition as will prevent or interfere sod as otherwise specifically' p?o•Ided). Rh his having euch full and uninterrupted view ea I X'OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Cheshire HEDGE CUTTINGS, At , „LI C,ounty Couocil, at a Meeting held at Chester Castle, En Thursday, the 3rd chty of August, 1911, made le. No person shall suffer any cuttings of trees or the following RYE-LAWS:— hedges to termite pen any highway or public place, In a poaition in which the ease are likely to cause danger MUSIC NEAR CHURCHES. or aenoyassue to pessengers or damsels to property, for 1. No person shall sound or play upon any musical a longer period than one hour after sunset on the day or noisy iestrument or sing in asp street or public upon which they shall have been cut. place within HO yards of any place of public worship, . INTERPRETATION OF TERMS. or public entertainment, or other place of P"." 17. ThroughoM these Bye-laws the following words assembly in which persons are for the time helms and aprasiona shall, if not inoonsiateat with the con- assembled, to the annoyance Or distulliance of any toot, are the meaning. hereinafter respectively Or persona so assembled after being requested assigned to them, that is to my : to desist by any constable or by any person so annoyed (a) " Street " means and includes any highway, , or disturbed, or by any person acting on his behalf. I ANNOYANCE OF PERSONS ATTENDING public bridge, and any road, Noe, f footway, square, Conn, alley, or penalise, over any Or either o PLACES OF WORSHIP. which the public have n right to peas or to have thereto.

(b) "Public includes any common park, pleasore ground or roadside waste to which the public hays access. PENALTIES. IS. Any person who shall offend again.st any of the foregoiag Bye-laws shall be liable on summary con- viction for each offence to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings. 19. The Bre-laws made by the Council on the sth Angnst, 1897, the 19th November, 1902, and the 14th Mich, 1907, the Ist August, 1907, and the 11th November, 1909, are hereby repealed. AND NOTICE IS HEREBY FURTHER GIVEN ' that a sealed copy of weal Bye-laws ho been forwarded Ito the Secretary of State. REGINALD. POTTS. ••

Clerk -tO-Che-lift;;lilieVoi;siy Council, Choker, 4th August, 1911. STEPHEN M OE3B & SONS LnirrED SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS. ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS,& OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXE AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, /cc. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET. WARRINGTON GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS SD., 100., AND IN. SD. EACH. Wnotsssr.s By 3. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON B CUNNINGHAM, A FROGHAIL LANE, WARRINGTON. DRAWER'S AGENT AND BOTf LER OF Chamois'. Stout, Be..'. Pale Ale. Sug's No.l Strong Ale. Worthington'e end Allsopp's Alec Devonshire snd Hereford Cider. Whrstley's sod Mack's Hop Bitter.. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGIA BIRD IN BOWLS. ALSO SIANUTACTORIRS OF HI3H-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. Wuhan Th.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
TOUTING.

9. No persm shall in my street or public place for I the purpose •f selling or advertising any article or obtaining custom, tout or impoi tune to rue amoyaom or obstruction of pemeng•rs. SHOOTING GALLERIkS, &c. 10. No person shall in any street or public plaoe or on any land adjoining or near thereto Mop or manage or came to be kept or lammed a Mooting gallery, swingboat, roundabout or any other constrootion of a liiie character so as to cause obstruction or danger to the traffic in any such street or public plane.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
NOISY ANIMALS.

11. No person shall keep within any house building or premises any noisy animal which shall be or cause &Wk.s nuisance to residents in the neighbourhood. Provided that no proceedings shall be taken &sliest any person for an offence against this llye-law unless the nuisance be continued nicer the expiration of a fortnight from the dote of the service oe such person of a notice alleging a nuisance signed by not less then three honseholdeis residing within hearing of the salami. THROWING ORANGE PEEL, S.c., ON STREETS. 12. No person shall to the annoyance or danger of passengers throw or deposit in or upon any street or Public pls. in any Urban District omega or lemon peel or the rind of any other fruit or vegetable.

DEFACING BUILDINGS, WALLS, FOOT PAVEMBN TS, Sic.

_ 13. No pereon ehall except with the consent of the owner or ocoupier or person having the charge thereof or otiose authorised no to do by law deface by writing or other marks any building, Wail, pillar, window, lamp-post, or other post in or abetting on a street or I public place, nor ahall any person sins coy posting bill advertisement or other paper upon the foot piivelmnt in any street or public place or deface by writing or other marks soy such foot pavement.

PLACING OR- DEPOSITiNG BROKEN GLASS, ftx. ON HIGHWAYS, OR OCHER PUBLIC PLACES• I I No person shall place, deposit, or leave, any article of glass Or any broken glue, or other sharp substance, not being Toed material, to any highwey, or public place, in a position in which the same is likely to cause megaton annoyance to passengers or damage to property. HCODED VANE, Sic.

13. On and after the Ant day of Janusry 1912, no owner oft vehicle shall drive such vehicle, or permit the name to be driven, or to be in any etreet, unlees it be to constructed that the driver thereof shall hare

HERE'S A CHANCE FOR YOU.

NO MATTER WHO OR WHAT YOU ARE as long.. I .usider you •atisfactory

I WILL TRUST YOU WITH A LOAN FROM £5 to £5OO.

No matter what other leaders chervil or advertims, get my term@ mad you will find them still lower. Learn my modern way of lending money without publicity. &hay weekly or monthly payments to suit your missal...me Apply at once to the Actual Lender MARK RUBIN, 3, ARPL EY STREET, (off &aka, Street) Warringtos. Miss WooDWAILD, Managenis.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
WM. LAWLESS & CO. CHEESE FACTORS,

HAVE NOW OPENED THEIR NEW PREMISES 35, HORSEWARKET STREET.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
nez

Pr I.oal I Is. 'lid. oar Quarter an ad. per Annum Is. 90.perQuartar credit.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Tel. 123. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington). Tel. No 123

E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd.,

ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Maser, of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 TONS WEIGHT. CLEAN, WELL-MOULDED no of the HIGHEST QUALITY. To buy the best finished castings 19 to frequently save Ter ce,.. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight); GUNMETAL, COPPER, ALUMINIUM, PHOSPHOR BRONZE. DAMAXINE, ACID PROOF METAL and all other A 11,,, CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK. CORRUGATED IRON ROOFS AND BUILDINGS, FARMERS' HAY SHEDS, BARNS, STORE SHEDS, Mc., IRON AND STEEL TANKS, CISTERNS, STEAM JACZETTED PANS. BOILERS. dic. REPAIRS BY EXPERIENCED AND SKILLED WORKMEN to all kinds of Machinery and to STEAM BOILERS, GAS ENGINES, TRACTION ENGINES. MOTOR CARS, DYNAMOS. STEAM ENGINES, OIL ENGINES. ROAD ROLLERS. MOTOR WAGGONS, ELECTRIC MOTORS. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING. Speciality Work. Dr..wings and expert advice subinate I lee.. HEAVY MACHINING AND FORGING DONE FOR THE TRADE. TURNING up to IN FEET DIAMETER. PLANING op to 5 FEET SQUARE. SLOTTING up to IN-INCH MDR Milling, Punching Shearing, and Fending, Pressing, ['hating, Ilang'n; and R.vetting I y hydraulic venue. Ualimital Tackle and Special Appliaaces for ethe'eatly dealing with Ref airs and Breakdown work. accumulate 4 daring u establialuseat sver:SO years.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
KENDAL NILNE

-3 fri, „ - .; -,:L4

===== 0002601_19110812_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rIANCHESTEP,

===== 0002601_19110812_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
McROUGALL'S SELF-HAISINC FLOUR FOR DEUCOUS

TALKS ON HEALTH.

EBY & F.5.N.111.1 DOCTOR. 3

WHAT A TONIC IS FOR.

If you are taking a tonic, remember that the tonic in not an end in itself, but only the means to an end. The real object is to encourage you to take good food: if the tonic does not make you eat, it is useless Your body eau no more work without fool than an engine can go without coal in the furnace and water in the boiler. Try the experiment of leaving out the coal and the water, and placing a bottle of tonic in the boiler, and you have a picture of the state of affairs in your own body when you solemnly drink your "Muff" and decline your food. Or give your tonic to your pony, and see if he will pull the cart without a good feed of corn. A tonic is an aid to appetite, not a eubatitute for good food.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
A CURE FOR MOST ILLS.

It always surprises me that the butchers, bakers, and grocers do not make more of the chance of advertising their wares as cures for disease. Try good food for in- somnia ; try a nice mutton-chop for that tired feeling; try good bacon tor antenna. Now, Mr. Baker and Mr. Butcher, 1 give you this tip free. Buy up an advertisement page of this paper to boom your goods as cures for neurasthenia nod debility good food to strengthen the nerves; bread and meat to keep the cold out. t; et the milk- man to join in with you to share the et- pPmke ; have a beautiful picture of a doctor. with, a froek-coat and side-whiskers (all real doctors hove side-whiskers), with bin right hand upraised, and underneath write "The doctor recommends good food ea a cure for 01l blood disorders." A shilling pat in your 'what, Mr. Milkman, will do the weakly child more good than a Mailing put in the pocket of the drug-merchant, only the British public are no dense and con- servative thot thee will rot understand it sinless you knock it into their heads with a sledge-ho mer. - -

===== 0002601_19110812_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TEMPLE OF THE BODY.

I have not preached to you for 3 long time, lint you are in for it now. I want you to undewdand that illness is very otten a downright sin: you expect sympathy when you are ill, but you deserve a good hiding. Why will you not reverence your bodies more th:n you do? 'the human body is the most wonderful of all the objects of treat ion there are enough wonders and mysteries in a single drop of blood to puzzle the heads of 3 whole university of pro- fessors. The human body is the mastermece of creation, the product ef Almighty wisdom and power, but soul, of 3ou do not seem to think sa. As a doctor. 1 am quite indifferent to what s-ct you belong, but nt least you might believe th it Hon, a a Cod, that He is good. and that a healthy body is a gift from Him. You ought to eultivat your health as an act of worship. If your religion does not teach you to be happy and healthy. give it up and get a new one. The roller- lion to-day is a silver one and is to he devoted to. the National Society for the Pre- vention of Consumption.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
TOUCH NOT THE CUP.

Public drinking Icuntains with tin cups that are never thoroughly scoured cut or eternised may be 11 source of danger. Many people, who would not like to enter a restau- rant and eat with a spoon that had been used by a dozen other customers without being ;Sashed. will use a public chinkin7- cup. The drinking-cups in the playgrounds of the schools may easily help to convey scarlet fever and diphtheria. Diseases hose been conveyed by smoking borrowed pipes. The mouth being the gateway into the body, YOU cannot he too careful what gees into it : and the leavings from the mouths of dirty tramps who rye public drinking-fountains are not very desirable.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS AND BUNIONS.

am not going to dismiss the cure ef bunions until you hair isaight yourself a properly-shaped pair of hoot, 1,0,0 lace, uf mankind who have not yet learnt the blessings of civilisation and walk barefoot, have no bunions. I have seen native women in Africa carrying 'pitchers of water on their heads. walking with the most stately grooe . - and putting to shame the ugly gad of the civilised " woman, with her pinching boots, bunioned feet, and hobble skirt. Also 1 complain of you because you came to in, with a bunion of t wenty yearn standing and ask me to mire it. You might as well ask me to put straight the crooked branch of nip old oak tree. 'l he harm is done. Au operation can be performed for very large bunions, lint you never consent to have it done. Bunions must die out with the people who have them you must pltmse see to it that none of your children have deformed feet.

SKIN STRUCTURES. When a piece of skin is examined under a pwwerful microscope, many at: lactates may -he seen. First of all, there are the stake which wear off and are roplared by others which grow up from the deeper layers of the skin. 'then we can see the little sweat-glands; they have a ceded duct like • A cork-screw, and the sweat pours out of each little gland along this duct. In some cases it can be KePA that the opening of the duct is blocked up bv a collection of the scales and also by dirt. Again, we find other glands, called sebaceous glands, which secrete an oily substance to keep the skin healthy and supple. Especially are these glands found near hairs, and they supply the natural oil to preserve the hair. Some- times the action of these glands is deficient, and then the hair is dry and cracks, and some simple grease tas to be applied to supply the deficiency.

THE IMPORTANCE OF BATHING. We are now in a position to understand the importance of bathing the skin. The dead scales of the swent-glands and the grease-glands must be kept clear so that the prorincts of the glands can r,cape freely : deleterious matter is expelled from the body by the activity of the skin, and it is liarmiul tc impede its free action. The skin is not 3 dead covering, but alive and working and growing ; the skin is just as much an organ as the kiiney

WHY ALCOHOL COOLS THE BLOOD. Then in the skin there are blood vessels and nerves. The vessels are not rigid like pipe-stems, but ran alter their calibre making themselves large or small according to the temperature of the body. On a hot summer's day the vessels are swollen, and you look as red as a tomato; on a cold day, with a keen east wind blowing, the vessels are shrunk to a small calibre to prev-mt the blood being cooled by exposure to the air. The blood, on a cold day. is kept warm by being retained inside the body', when yon have just completed making your century in the cricket match. all the Mood is sent to the surface to get cooled down. Remember that to get cool the blood is seat to the Anto- ine, ; to get hot the blood is wilt to the inner parts and kept away from the sit,- Inc, Now you understand why alcohol zco:s he blood. because it causes a flushing of the skin and allows the heat to escape. Never take alcohol "to keep th,• cold out' - it lets the cold in. Finally, in the skin there are sensitive nerve, ; that is why a plunge in a cold bath is no refreshing- it stimulates the thousands of sensitive nerves that are in the skin, and this stimulation reacts on the whole nervous system. Thus there is much to be learnt from the study of the akin.

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. Xenora.--Many thanks for kind greiog from Canada.

Peter.—rrobably wind: try tering large gless at kit water ou retiring to red. AucEland —No need to worry.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
A JUNIOR TORY ON THE TORY SPLIT

The spectacle of the Tory party rent by grave differences on policy is not at all to the liking of the Editor of the" Lancashire and Cheshire Junior Unionist S' who has a few unpalatable things to say in the current issue of that publication. While striving to make out that there is no plot to depose Mr. Balfour, the writer of the article on " Hedge:s and Ditchers " uses language which plainly indicates his concern at the revolt against the present leadership of the party. The Halsbury banquet, he says, provides evidence that disintegrating forces are at work which are loosening discipline and disorganizing the party machine, tie continues : Expressions of goodsill are very well, but nothing rein alter the plain facts that at a very critical moment, when the chiefs of the Unionist Party were btrenuouely advocating what they believed to be the only safe policy, a strong section of their followers thought it their duty to come into active antagonism against them. This may not indicaeo aby desire to make a demonstration against Mr. Balfour's leadership, but it certainly indicates that tbe Unionist Party is badly cut of hand. Right br wrong, a leader is a leader, and. so long ache remains leader, the whole machinery and organisation requires, not merely proleseions of loyalty, but faith in his guidance. Formal refusal to areeept such guid- ance renders !eldership humiliation. If a leader no longer obtains the confidence of his party it is time that he went. So long, however, as any man remains in command, it is obvious that public rejection of his advice and repudiation of his tactics can only create indiecipline and tench r his position untenable. It would be difficult ect imagine aby situation more demoralising than that which has been created by this eo-callcd " difference a opinion upon a course of pro- cedure." The spectacle t t Lord Lansdowne pulling in cne direction and Lord Ilalsbury in the other is bad enough for most of an, Lot when we reach a point at which Mr. Balfour announces hie intention of standing or falling with Lord Lansdowne because the latter's policy is the only one consistent with common sense, and Mr. Austen Chamberlain, whew Mr. Balfour has constituted his principal lieutenant in the !louse of Commons, immediately replies that the course advocated by Mr. Palfour means " disgrace" and " disaster." surely the rank and file may be t soused if they ask what on earth it all means.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE IMPORTANCE OF LAND VALUATION.

By E. G Hemmerde, K.C.

It is commonly said that when a Government eters begins to recede in popular favour it can never recover its lost prsition. We have, however, in the history of the present Government a remarkable exception to this rule. I atti ibute the astotorling recovery of the Govern- ment from the eet backs experienced prior to 19b9 aluvost entirely to the Land Clauses of the Budget. The art of political warfare lies in aggression. From 1900 to 1909 the Liberal party was alwaps on the defeneive. From the date of the it troduction of the Budget of 1960 the Liberal party has been attacking, the Tory party bas been on the defensive, and rot only on the defensive, but defend- ing a position which its wisest generals know t be incapiNe ef defence. In 19U: ewers of Tory candidates in the north of England and Scotland pledged themselves, and were instigated to do so by their own headqueiters, to the rating of Land Values. Without a complete and universal valuation of site values the rating v f Land Values is impossible- It is therefore not sur- prising that a potty, many if whose ablest member. believe in the principle of the rating or taxation of Land Velure, should view the opposition to the first step by which alone such rating or taxation of Land V i alues s rendered possible, with perplexity amount- kg to dismay. Whit is the mapic in Land Valuation which has put new life into Liberalism and has confounded all its tnen.ies? Before 1909 not only was Toryism pining strength, but Socialism also. Now both give way to the new and enlightened phase of Liberalivm. Why is it? Simply because in Lard Valuation men are begin- Bing to see the key which will unlock a vavt national treasure house. and the solution of great and threaten- ing social problems. The greatest evils in fur catiooal life to-day are— (l) the depopulation of our rival district,; (.2) the terrible conditions in which millions of people live; (3) the haunting dread of unemplojmeot. For all of these the valuation of land and the subsequent use of this valuatit n, a ill provide a partial and as many of us think almost a total remedy.

Our rural districts are depopulated not because the attractions of the town magnetuse the young ambitious people, but because the attracione of the country are deliberately denied to them. If we are to keep a ham y and contented peasantry we roust give them a ready access to the soil. Tceday not only is it extremely diflicu% for the rural labourers to get access to the soil, tut thousands and thousands of young people are driven out of the country districts into the towns for lack of housing accommodation for the young people who snot to marry. Land mow p ly beats down the wages of the agricultural labourers, and the studied insolence of the parasitic Press then proceeds to explain .the lack of housing accommcda- non in the rural districts by the fact that the rural labourer cannot afford to pay a fair rent for a docent cott4 e. If the rural labourer was properly paid he could afford to pay for a decent cottage. The only way to secure Lim a proper wage is by the economic pressure of Land Values Taxation. If haviog valued the laml we be Idly transfer the rates dealing with education, main roads and poor relief to the national Ex.:boomer, and pay for them by a 101 (0 kite values, there is not an agriculturist in thecountry who will not bless us, and by laying the burden upon site value without regard to the actual use to which it is being put, we shall force acres upon acres of land, now undeveleped Cr under-developed, into use. The forcing of land into lure will increase the demand for labour, the demand for labour being increased the reward of labour will be proportionately increased, and we shall hear far less of the inability of a rural labourer to ray a fair rent for a good cottage. Nor is this all. to-day even where labour is well Fehr it is oftt n impossible for the labourer to be properly housed owing to the extortionate rate demon ded for land. I know of cases where .e IPS/ an acre is demanded for land badly wanted for houses, and rated meanwhile at II on acre. The valu rtion of site values will soon put this right. The days are I numbered of a system nodes which landowners can I demand to be taxed on one value, and to tsx the

public on another. These absurd .valme will come down with a Tun, and the County Councils will be able to provide cottages at a remunerative rate upon lend lu-ought at a fair and not a famine price. Nor in this all. 'I he removal of rotes from houses and improvements end their tramferecce to site values mid enolmously facilitate the building of cottages at a price which trill yield a fair return upon the capital ,inve:ted.

—Land:valurition touches the agricultural difficulty in every vital place. fly it and the ensuing economic pyersure, the wagrs of tbe agricultural labourer will rise, and the provision of decent housing accommo- dation far him will be rendered easy, and not only this, bat the difficulty in seem hg small holdings and allotments will be rtinoved. Economic pressure will break up the big mutes, and will rpm a career in the country for the young men and young women of grit and ambition who now di ill into the towns. And the towns 1,11 benefit in many ways. The influx from the country districts incren.en corn-. petition and depresses wages. The ra•ing of improve. welts makes hr overcrowding and slums The rating of site Talons will not only relieve the citizens of the towns of a large part of the crwhirg burden of rains, but it will make it profitable to build well, and inipasible to keep slum dwellings upon valuable sites. Tc.day the progressive town finds knelt encircled by a belt of valuable land, the values of which it Las created, but cannot touch. This Istlt often strangles the development of the town. Transfer the rates to sire swine, and the belt no longer strangles development of the town. but becomes a treasure house from which the town's proud naive citizens reap a just reward, or a pleasure ground an ahich the town's children mut piny. Just as the taxation of Land Values can alive the aural housing problem, an it Can solve the same problem in towns. Charles Booth came to this con- clarion, and I canto see how any housing reformer

===== 0002601_19110812_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL SPORTS.

LARGE ENTRY ATTRACTS LARGE CROWD

Although athletic sports have vt the popularity they possessed some years ego, ample evidence was given on Monday that they are still regarded with a favouring eve by a large srction of the public, live or six thousand persons assembling on the Warrington Foltblll Club et cicsir e to whacks the 26 h annual sports and gala. There was a large entry for the IS events, tut, to be candid, there was nothing great, despite the fact that r.. 80 was offered in prizt s. The weather throughout the afternoon was brilliantly fine, better Bon it had been for years. The first event was excesdingly popular, the 3 hears of the 150 yerds scholars' race handicap fur a first price of gold-filled keyless watch and nlbert (value £2 2u.) bsing run. Almiat allot the 22 entrants turned o tt and thee wan some very keen work. The final was won by R. J. Bleardale of Hamilton-street. Ile is quite a nip!, and such an advantageous handicap of 12 he just managed to touch the tape before Edward Bate, Christ Church, who stirted off the 14 yards mark. As usual the 100 yards handicap brought Into rivalry

handle... was victorious, the first prizs being wan by C A Holland, St. Helens, in Imins. 19 secs. C .1 lions., Waterloo, wets only a foot behind and &similar distance separated him front H Cooped Sutton. Thirty seven competed In the 410 yards flit coon and in thin honou-s again went outside. A Andrews, Se!ford non handsomely off the 32 yuds msrk end he WM; awarded • silver plated ten and coll. not nod tray (valued £5l. fickle, St. Helens was second, F Fitzsimmons, 31.. cheater, third. Only 11 paid their eatrance tea for the two miles bicycle handicap and fewer rode. The final race had iM exciting moments for W Almond of Widnes had shown that he could ride well and consequen'.ly the other ridets strove hard to keep in front of him. How. ere, AlmotEd who wes nln,urnt 2(0 yards behind .rats at the start, at once VA, to Mil with screen born of grim determination and riding ability was among the pack In the third. I.p. 'Towards the close he evinced some first-class "stickier and forcing quality end won racily. His seize iv. msrlde striking clock and bronze horses valued at El. .1. Cl. Clere of Sisley cycled well Inc second place as al. did J. Houghton of Werriegton r the third position. 'the two mile let rams inn tall tier, and to go through victotiously, receessrily entails some ete)ing power. A. G. Hardwick of Leeds ml o woes similar race at fluddenfl -.ld on Saturday last was the winner bye few feet. His prize consieta of a ense of cutlery valued £5. C. A. Holland of St. Helena wean good second.] T ?delis of the Stored Heart a capital third. After the sports the prizee were presented by Mrs. T. Locker, In the presence of a large gathering.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
RESULTS.

the beet. talent ove'r a.large reclit;e,.the; bing..entriee

from Lirerpool, Salford and 1..,;gh. Afte;-fi heats, 150 ir,srda rad a second round the final was run. Though a Brady, St. Mary's, laid.; W Kean, Na, lanai, 2634 ; R quick final it was not as fast as the third heat which .1 Bleardale, Hsmilton-street, 42yds ; Ed Bate, Christ wee won by K,lly of St. Helens off the 101 yard, Church, 1 iyds; H Siddail, National, 191 d.; and It H mark in Pi sees. But some real blaii.nt Wet.", Peeple'e Collage, 17yda. Final 1, R Bleardale ; 2, E Bale 3, W Brady ; 4, If Sicldall. splinting Was put in to finish the final 100 Yard, Han, to p —Heat winners: II Paves, in Ifl 1-10,.e01. and Kay was the winner Warrington, lOyds; d Oraunds, Warrington, lOyds ;

r•4",* „, -- , ,' 4......., • 4 1 * •' ' ,1 , .".•**, 4 : -..-. .. , .1 - 1 , . , ...4 1 4"•••• '"" POr ~ . t ..... ... - . f' • • 1. ' '• r r ~. 111115000 4 , * I. - 1 ' .. , , , , . . i' . ' 1 .. , f rig . , , , , , , f, 4,„:4..: . ~.....3,7:1‘ . tl/4114 . , . - -

===== 0002601_19110812_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Photo Burrell . MESSRS. T. PEMBERTON (Treaittrei), H. ASHTON (Secretary), and W. REID, the Wietpe Food, dler.

of • handsome cabinet of cutlery value OS. He got in by a foot. Warrington men got both the second and third prizes (value £3 and Li reepactiv Ii), —S. (round. end J. Spencer. Fifty nine Men vied with each other in the half toile handicap which was traversed in the good time of 2mine and 2 ssecs. E bee, tNidnee (ft yerds) obtained the first piize of a gold filbert ard seal value .C 5. He ass only two feet in front of T Torton of Widnes who reached home second. H Jepeon of Warringtcn, who maned from the 60yds mark, ran well all the way and only mined second I prize honours by • few inches. The rattle., for the one mile licycle handicap were somewhat dis- appointing, only 18 men ectering and about 10 putting in an eppeanance. William Almond, • Widnes youth. won the final in line style, for after beginning et 165 yards he was soon up t) hia competi- tor, end in the plat lap he gave them so chance, his swift pedalling 'being far superior. iii. prize of silver-plated tea and coffee set on oak tray, value Li, was well merited. A Powell, Warrington, If yards, came next, and vas closely followed by Joe. Houghton, Warrington, who started at 150 yards. The 210 yards handicap wee in every way popular, both from the points of view of runnern end spectators. The seven heats, with their 53 runner., never became vrearis. There was rotwe smart work, and the quickest heat was ' run in 23 1-ssecs., and the slowest in 21 2-tenon. A local man, named S Ground., jolt secured the first prize of no onyx and ormolu clock and ornaments, valued at £5. 0 lieswick, of Warrington, obtained second place and A C Metcalfe of Liverpool, 3rd. Undoubtedlr the most interestirg event of the afternoon was the 1 cal 100 seeds handicap. There were 2; entries. rho final took 10 3-ssec. to win, but Joseph Spencer who secured third place in the open 11.00 yard., was first from. the 44 yards. mark. It wsw only • matter of inches. Flie prize coned.. a of. green onyx and ormolu clock value £3 10s, W S Oddie olliLyntro .(37ydsl closely followed .1 the third man was J Atkinson of Altrincham. . .

Though several Warrington men engaged in the mile

can dm bt it. Coe of lb most a t articling appeals to I political ig rg ,ce err r .ent forward ia tl.is country in theappeal of the landowners which alleges that the taxati. n of land values will injure the bra 'ding trade. It must be obvious to anyone whose eyes are tot blinded by pi itiaanship or relf-inte re it that coon' nla premiere which forces sand into us% must enc-mrage building, and that when this economic rressnre results from a transference of rates born buildings to site values, the building trade sail have reason to thank the Government for the greatest boon which has ever been bestowed upon a single trade. That this transference will dome, there can be no doubt. The Government started on this path in the Scottish Land Values Bill which the House of Lords from motives of the most ermalid eel-interest destroyed. Having got our Valuation we shall 5300 return to the pnth. What of the haunting dread of unemployment ? Does not the cure be ready to cur lands, and is it not to be found in the same principle ? Keep the people on the laid, double, treble, quadruple your agricul- tural population as yr a might, and you not only increase the happiness and prosperity r f rural popula- tion, and the heath and strength of the whole pawl le, but you bring into existence not a population which drifts into your towns to the detritnerd and undoing of the town direlbr, hut a thriving population which will purchase the gsais which the irdustrial districts make. Nor only will the rural r oplaticn cease to be the competitors of the town dwelrs. but they will teeme their best costome:s. And the transference of rates to site values will he en unmixed blesaing to tl,e manufacturers ; it will enable them to get land for the formding and the development of their factories at a fair price, it wi I relieve tlonn of burden. under which msry a pr mining business has set k, and the developtueut of trade a hich will follow the cocoa ic pressure of Land Values rating or texation trill increase the demand for labour, and by doing no will increase the labourer's reward.

The man who calls these proposals Socialistic cannot know what Socialism or Individualism meat S. The taxation of land values is individual :am in a fair field, its ultimate object to eernie to the labourer the untaxed reward of his labour. So hog an the man who works has to pay toll to the man who does not work we have none of that respect for poperty which the nodal state tightly demand.. The taxation of land values may, in the keg tun, threaten the " free lint' which to-day calls unfair mit liege the " rights of property" but those who realise that the first essential right of every man that labours to enjoy the fruits of his labour acel not to share them with the man who does sot labour except to each extent as his free will suggests to him, will come speedily to the just con- clusion that the greatest enemies of the " rights of property" are these who (rem motives of self-interest or Mg bbery seek to confcse them with the nbuses of

:P. Helena, ; T Cooke, Leigh H, o!yde E A Bone, Manoheater, 10.,.yds ;J Spencer, Werrington, 11,de; T H Lines, Liverpool 11., hieds : and P C..onee, Raotle, 82yds. Final : 1, 11 Hedy, 2, 8 Grounds ; 3, J Spencer. Time, 10 1-10Neo. 830 Verde Hand.can.-1, E Inc., Milne., 52d.; 2, T iurton, Widnes, 57y45; 3, H Jeps3n, Vncringtn A.O 60v4s. Time, 2min 2-2 sec.

C-ide.tianClica—pli, William Almond, Widwis, 105yds ; 2, A Powall, Warrington, 1657d5; :1, Jos. Houghton, Warrington, 1507d5. Almond won easily. Houghton qualified to ride in tha final as the (utast low with his lima of 2mln 7 .

210 Yards Hanatcsp-.—lakat winners T H Lines, Liverpool H, lnyds ;0 Bemis/4, Warrington, 17yd. ; A C Metcalf., Liverpool If and AC, i27ds ; J Lambert, Broughton 11, 18y4s ; S Grounds Warrington, 17!,1ds ; It II llodgsou, Liverpool, 17y4n; R V Aodertou, Warrington, 135015. Find 1, S Grounda ; 2, G Helmick ; 3, A C Metcalfs, Tim• 2.3 3.ssecs IGO Yards (seven miles rsdiu.).—Hent winners: .1 Atkinson, Altrinoharn, yd.;7 W S Odd*. Lyme, 3rd., Joseph Spenoer, Warrington, 4lids Grounds, hyds ; end H Posey. 31ros. heal : I, Joseph Spencer ; W 9.o2die ;.3, .1 Atkinson,. Tie.; 10 3..sota.

Mile Har;diesp.-1, C A Holland. St. Hele;es, 145yds ; 2, Cl [foveae°, Waterloo. 1501ds ; 3,14 Coupe, Sutton 11, 153 eds. Time, imin 19pc. It) Verde Handicap—Hest wieners : J Tickle, St Helens, 357d5, ; Arthur Astley, Southport, ftyda • A Andrews, Salford 11, 32 yds ; F Fitzsimmons, Man- chaster. 351ds ; not II J Lyor, Revedhestd, Inns! : 1. A Andrews ; 2,3 Tickle; 3, F Fit.iroll2o(ll. I Tittle, 504 ssecs

wo 14,1, Ccle Hendinap.-1. Willis." Almond, Widnet, 17005:: 1, J 0 Clare, Higley, 135yrk. ; 3, J ,ughton, Warrington, 2403 d.

Tir.o Mile Flat Fiandira-o-.L-1, A 0 Hardwick, Leads E 236yda. ; 2, C A Holland, S. Helena, 215y4a.; 3. T Melia, Sacred Heart H., 3602da. Vole, Nolo. 32 4-5....

privilege, and that its most eonaistrnt and thorough defenders are those who wish to restore to the many those rights which for su many years have been invaded, mutilated, and usurped in the interests of the few.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sonless.

The abo•e were held at the Hall Cafe, Blooktoa Heath, nn Tuesday, Wore Messrs. L. Greaten (la the chair), 0 Debit, and W. Fletcher. TRANbrER or Ur's:sta.—Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins applied on behelf of Mrs. Bradshaw, toe administrates of her la, e hushsed's estate, for the transfer of the licence t f the Wheat Sheaf 1t,,,, Antrobus. The usual notices had been served, and there was no objection.— ' Th.e applicat ioe2r,as pran.ted. "" ' . -

LICI•SCS [OR WALTON b.:WM.—Mr. Agar enrolled tor is occasional licence to sell at Welt. u Park on this Show day between the hours of 8 am. and 9 p.m. an In previous years—This was granted. A DOMESTIC SERVASea Tun rs.—Violet Evelyn , Wright, a domestic servant, of no settled abode. wee 'obergml with steeling some time belched July 21 and December 30, 1509, a ummtity of elms, china and crockery, value £4 Os , the property of Miss Amelia Appleton, Birch Field, rappenhall —lt was stated that the defeodant was employed by the prosecutrle a. a domestic servant. It ems ascertained that she bad been discharged from a number of previous situations for stealing Valises articles', ncd suspicions were aroused, with the leant,. that nearly start load of stolen property ass found In her posse, sion. Defendant was to the ott,tody of the SIMI.' poi tot the wee handed over no this care previous charge—She was sentenced totes months hard Lbour.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
"VCII Y. -7 P CHRONIC LAZINESS.'

Isaac Kinder, a young able.bodied collier, of 3, Itakeramwer, ems brought before the Si. Helens rates on Thewlay. charged with attempted suicide sad cruelty to children. The evidence was that on Sal urrlay &Item*, n, July 29th, Constable Whalley saw Kinder in the canal at Island'abrow, and a nen named Unseen trying to pull him out. fie ran to the plate and assisted Tanagers. When they got Kinder on the band, he said : I will do it *gam, and if I had my daughter. •grd four, oritb me. neither you nor any other man would have got me out without using irons." Mr. E. W. Swilt prosecuted, and said that Kinder was a victim of chronic laz'ness. Coxing to his neglect of work his two children had been in tie workhouse the greater tart of the time. When he threw himself into the canal h. was cad,, the ictluence of drink.

1;n-u-gris the came was delayed for lone time, the ea, in too serious a state to eve evidence.

Kinder. bed been convicted tont yisix tin es, and be wee goer etnt to prison fr.r six mouths on the dirge of cruelty.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
HOUSE FURNISHING.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
By Philip Snowden, M P SHOULD M.P.'S BE PAID ?

The House of Commons is discussing this week the oft-debated question of the Pay- ment of Members of Parliament. It is a fairly well-established fact that hundreds of years ago Members of the English Parlia- ment were paid, and that the law under which this was done has never been repealed. But as the amount which was considered sufficient to meet the expenses of a member of the House of Commons in those days was equal to about £l4 a year it would hardly be worth the while of any present member of Parliament to claim his legal rights under that statute. A LONG AGITATION.

But we need not go so far back to ascertain that the idea of paying members of Parlia- ment in this country is one which has been long held as an article in the democratic creed. In 1780, when Major Cartwright and Horne Tooke were leading a great democratic agitation in England, this question was very much to the front. In that year the Whigs cuivened a great Convention to draw up a Reform Charter. This Convention was pre- sided over by the young Whig orator, Charles James Fox, and the demand for Payment of Members was inserted in the programme. Sixty years later it was revived in the more famous Chartist programme, and forty years after that the "recognition of the principle of payment of members" was inserted in the Newcastle programme. More than 130 years after the Whigs first made the demand, the House of Commons, on the ' motion of the Government of the day, has taken up this question. In the meantime every other country in the world which has a Parliament has adopted to some extent the practice of paying its members. We would not advance that fact as alone justifying tha British House of Commons in following these examples, although it must carry some weight in the consideration of the question. But there seems from the point of Labour and Democracy an unanswerable case for the payment of members of the British Parlia- ment. If we accept the principle of democracy in politics then we are corn - pelted to concede that payment of members is a necessary part of the political machinery. In these days no one would openly say that Parliament should be confined to rich men who have the means to pay heavy election expenses and to support themselves there. If we concede the right of poor men to vote, then we must logically go further than this and admit that poor men should be able to select men to represent them, unhampered by the handicap of poverty.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO WAYS OF DOING IT.

There are two ways in which poor men may get into Parliament and be supported there. The one is the method which the trade unions have adopted, namely of payhig , the election expenses of members of their unions and of supporting them out of the union funds if they are returned. Even if that were a very desirable way of getting workingclass representation, it has now been made illegal by the decision of the House of Lords in a recent judgment. But I do not think that any supporter of the Labour Party has ever defended the system of trade union representation as being the most Admirable form of democratic representation. At the best it has been something of a makeshift. I do not think it is possible to defend the constitution of the Labour Party on the grounds of abstract logic. But it can be defended as a practical and useful way of getting working class representation. But the chief objection to a trade union Parliamentary Labour Party is the injustice it is to the trade unions them- selves. When a trade union candidate is suuessful he becomes not merely the repre- sentative, of the union which supports him. but the member for the constituency, and he looks after the interests not only of the trade unionists but of the whole body of workers in particular and of the whole country in general. It is not fair in such circumstances that the trade union should have to pay the election expenses and the cost of supporting the member in Parliament. ANOTHER OBJECTION.

There is another objection also to the merely trade union candidature. It narrows the field of selection. The candidate who has the financial backing of a trade union stands a far better chance of adoption than the man who must rely for the election expenses on the efforts to be made in the constituency. Trade unions should and will be represented in Parliament, because they have the organ- isation, but it has never been urged that I trade unionism alone should be the basis of a democratic party and the universal qualification for a democratic member of Parliament. The present Labour Party recognised that from the beginning. When they decided to go in for Parliamen- tary representation they invited the co-operation of other democratic organisa- tions such as the Socialists and the co-opera- tors. The whole body of unorganised labour might join the Labour party under its con- stitution. The justification for paying members of Parliament is in the hard fact that without it we cannot give the constituencies the choice of candidates they are entitled to have if democracy is to be a reality and not a sham. It is as humiliating for a constitu- ency to have to take its candidate from a voluntary society which pays the expenses as it is to have to take a rich man who pays his own expenses. The candidate should be in such a position of freedom that if he is rsturned he will be the servants of the constituency, or of a party which represents the, majority of the electo- ts, and net of at y section whose interests he must consider first becauselhe is paid by them. Payment of members by the State canjalone secure that. When a member is paid from public funds he becomes the servant of the public, and he will be under no obligation to put set time' interests before the general good. hs work of Parliament is becoming so x icting that men are now required to devote p •actically all their time to it. If members a-e last to be paid;from the State, and if trade unions are not to be allowe Ito promote

candidatures, then there is an end to Labour or working class representation in Parlia- ment. That would be a disaster to the State, for a House of Commons which was composed of men drawn from one class only, and which was barred to poor men would have no real authority to represent the people. That way revolution would lie. RAISING THE STANDARD.

There is little doubt in my opinion that the payment of mombers would tend to greatly raise the quality of Parliamentary candi- dates. The fear of the critic that it would lead to the encouragement of the professional politician seems to me to be the weakest of all the objections to the proposal. Why should we not have the professional poli- tician? Why should it be necessary and desirable to have the professional lawyer,the professions! doctor, the university pro- fessor, and not the professional politician? Politics require as much knowledge as any of the professions named, and why should not a man be encouraged to devote himself to the study of politics as a profession just the same as he would study to become a lawyer or a minister of religion? The objection about the professional politician seems to be based on the idea that it is dis- honorable to serve one's country for pay as a law-maker, but not as a soldier or a civil servant. If politics became a profession we should get better politicians. Now we have practically nothing but amateurs at the work, who take it up ass sort of finish to a successful business career, just as a man takes to growing orchids or collecting china in his old age. Surely the constituencies can be trusted to select the right kind of men. They are far more likely to do that when they have a wider choice. When they pay their members they will select them for their ability and not for their wealth. Of course we cannot expect constituencies which have always regarded the member of Parliament as a sort of universal provider or general relieving officer to take the higher point of view all at once. But very soon the change will come. A very drastic new Corrupt Practices Act will be needed to stop rich men from attempt- ing to bribe constituencies by offering to give the payment in subscriptions to local charities. But Payment of Members will be a very useful reform.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WOKEN'S CHAT.

I Royalty in Canais.—The Duke end Donhies of Cooneug.4 ere pay lag a round of visit, on the continent previous to their departure for Capri., where the Duke is to succeed Lord Grey, as governor g I. Prince Arthur will not accompany his parents, but Princess Patricia will do no, end will no doubt take • prominent part In the seiner sports which are • feature of the Canadian leeooll. Tbe It 'yid party In expected to leaves the first week in Oatober, and at ()Aiwa, prow a• ions are alreey being made for the smarms, whici, it is anticipated will be one of the most brilliant in the labtory of the Dominion. The King and Queen will be I. London to tske leave of the Duke eel D4ches., who will be given • greet send off "mil will ha entermioed by his Majesty ate Grew beaquet at BuJkinghaas Palace. Tbe Delhi Durbar.—The King and Queen go to Delis for lb. !Surber, elsortly after the departure of Oa Duke and Duchess of Connaught, and will make the j inrimy in the I'. sod 0. ntesambip Medina io November. Their Majesties will Mite a large suite, wad a second sense, the Malaj• will be reserved for the conveyance of many distingulehed people going to the Ombra. The Queen will wear her Coronation robe. at Ole Delhi enthrooment, for which tbe inverisi crown., the orb, and sceptre, and other regalia will be tool, the Wilkie of jewrlsadding Freed, to tbeepleadour of tie ceremonial. It hes been said that half tbs aeries wi I he going to India this winter, but although chit m tar he an exaggeration, Calcutta will ha cr orded with titled •isiton, and its season in December, gran the weal her is fairly cool, will lie one of the most brilliant oa record. Should the Ancient Hindu ceremony of tolat be carried out las Is proposed, it will take pace in Calcutta, and consists of weighing the King oth gold and Weer, to be afterwards diatributed among the poor. A Mediterranean If itidal—At this masa of the year, when we are all taking i our holiday. or else wish- ing we were taking them, tii of interest to find that Mr. Bo3d ha. discovered • comparetimly anknowo resort in the BelearM Isles, which as body knows. are pleavantly situated in the Mediterranean. Majorca we are told, Is • delightful plena to Ice( In ; there is no place which Mrs. Boyd knows where one more keenly experiences the mere joy of being alive. But it would appear that the dearie Isles am more particularly to be rocomnanda] as • winter resort. la summer she says ths thermometer rarely ri,co shove 90 degree., which seems to ha very much the same an we sometimes experience, hut in the winter the weather appears Lobe entirely d ff went from that in Britain, and Mrs. Buy! Worms 113 that in the Baleare Isles is to be found the ideal winter climate."

-1714-11-8;me;--"Flie;..--Ii-71-it.;;;;;. times children were taught that it was wicked to catch flies, yet the It; has come into such disrepute, as a germ and infec- tion carrier, that any mean, of eaterminatiog this summer pest would be considered justifiable Thus in some Americas towns, fly-catching coratetitico• have become popular with the younger geneation, nod in one instance a boy of twelve won .prize with it begot 1,219000. One hardly knows what bulk such a quantity would mato, but there is s regular trade in dead flits for chicken food, and powitily a printable business might be built up from 11,-catching competiticus. Howdy the dies have nit been no great • plague no might bane bran expected in • hot eummer, ami•lready weans, their dead bodies sticking to walls, whitlows and oher places, surrounded ivy • pitch if white " mould." This familiar eight is explained by the fact that the, majority of house tl as die of ua internal fungus growth ehich bursts from the body when the intact lee, 1111 d MEMO the surrounding u hit lab ova k. It is sal I that ringworm may be caused by these re.prolucti ye tango. spore., which are dispersed into the air,., well as upon the walls and windows where the fly diva. The Wsoing Summer.—A summer of glorious WI, shim such., more p trticularly the Southern clot:Ales hare enjoyed almost uninterruptedly gore Easter, is • fine experience, but it has hastened oath. autumn of which we see everywhere unmistakable signs. The cuckoo bas gone other emigrants ore leaning tha robin is beconairg the leading scepter of the hedge- row, and the countryside looks parched end har• month too noon. The no summer flysvers have not only bloseomed but needed. lawn, are teked up, the leaves are falling, nbrivelled up before their time, and the glories of autumnal colours which we luridly look forte Octotor, mill he soroenhst lacking this year. The early harvest also helps to remind.. of the waning summer end that we shril so,, bevel, prepare end adopt oar mode of life to the rapidly sborteniog "aye. Millinery and flairdressing.—The prpulerity if tho small hat has influenced the style of hairiressing and the eller; of owls that the wide-brimmed hat made a. necessity are now matter in the wrong place. Conse- quently they are discarded In favour of a much simple. style. At present the hair is worn simogt, flat, but it must on no exeunt be atomised back from the face. !fibbers, jewellery, brats, tulle, or a/robing that sa•ou,s f the tartan are no longer permissible, Lot one good ornament, more especially if rare and quaint in denies, is favoured. A pretty neat hat of strsw lass a novice/ crown,flat brim turned up behind, and trimmed with an Alsatian bow in front. t'ery useful for trivellisg on the soft grey cloth hsts In shape like • biretta, and quite ornate when trimmed with Russian embroidery. Tears ego, Brit,sh women who wore hats of stiaw • b-n on the Conttnout in winter, were accounted es mad. we may now return the compliment for what coold be m.-.rt, uusessonable than felt sod velvet bal. in ...I, a summer es this t Vet these in soft grey and white have been worn even on the hottest days by Perisienees. who moreover, have added fur as a trimming to chiffon scerven to le worn with throe hats. A new ramped hat ha,. dome crown, a very rarrow brim lathe front and at the tack, tut rounding out •t the sides. Thin shape is very I ecomieg to young fame, end the lets trimekinif the better. Pretty hstpinr, Merenry wings, or fIAtIW" ribbon bows are 'vim nuflicient, blenv erode brimmed hats have crowns of decided Map. mud a're trimmed with upstanding clumps of •rtincial wheat, is Pink or lovuml shade., or again in golden brywn. Pens of lets, stretched out by mess, of the fittest wire era often for inn, the trimming of medium sired or large hats.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET, BOWLING, AND

ATHLETICS.

Cricket Notes.

Rain played havoc with the Rummer sport in Warrington and di•trict on Saturday ar.d soot of the matches, including that between Warrington and Wigan, had to he canc.:lied.

In the Warrington and District League, however, it wAsi f...und possible to decide two engagement, Warrington Cons,vatives bad a pretty easy task in .:ccourting t, Ryland' Ilros , who were all out for 49 the victors responding with 77 for t*.i wickets. C. Bolt distinguished 'himself with art excellent not-out inning. of 24 and F. Summers batted well for 23.

Senitey Wire Mills sent Orford to the right-about. maprity being 2:1. The ecoring was low, S. Holden making the bem individual effort with 17.

The following is the League Tsble up.to.date : lid. Won Lost Urn. Pt, W'g'Cn Conner. l2 . 11 1 .. 0 . 22 S mkey l2 . 8 3 1 . 17 Whitecross Rae Sankey Wire 31311 s 11 ... 6 ... 6 ... 2 ... 14 Walkers Brewery Latchford Wel. t Hylass Bros . 13 . 4

9... 0

Orforl Wild3,l4'l Wewery

Latchford Baptist gained a decisive Tictory at the expense of Helsby 2.ad. Cliffe (37) and Stanley (20) abated the batting honour, and Cliffe •Iso captured six wickets for 25 lung. Nei 14.1 knocked up a useful It; for Heleby.

Sddiers and police were engaged in friendly cunbat onlThursday. The soldiers batted first and it Joshed like an easy victory for the police, with all out for 42, the lowest score the police hid made this seas n being 41. A lrid start was made in the first over, boaever, Green being run out, and this seemed to take spitit out of the rest of the team with the result that they lost the match by tl runs. Tire rer arks re the fielding of the Fol:ceduriog the season are fully justified by the above result. 13 for extras out of a tot,' of P 2, nearly one-third, shows something wrong sotnewbere, and if they would only put in more practice during the season there is no doubt they would mike a fine teen, c.tptained as they are by tin r Chief, who to a cricketer of no mean order, and sub-captained by Summers, who has shown Iris c spibilities more than once this season. For the Soldiers, Paton did good work, obtaining 11 runs, aid taking 3 wickets for a similar nornber of tuns against him. Their fielding was excellent, and a good examp'e which the Police tsight copy.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WOW Notes. TO-DAY'S PROGRAMME.

The Works Association Final Corporation No. 2 v. Armitage and Rigby at the Horse awl Jockey. Final for the Lancashire County Associatien Cemetrrry v. Swinton. Social at Trafford Arms, :Minaret,.

lIIdIVIdUaI Men', Compel ition, Warrington and District Association : }hat rcund continued at the iCirg and been Hotel.

TO-DAY'S WORKS COll6 IT.

To-day Satowdas) the Works competition f.r the Finlayson " cup will be concluded on the green attached to the Home and Jockey Inn. The green is in capital condition, and the I,cmler3 who are to engage are rf no mean merit. Armimge and Riey's commence with 30 in hand Ind Corporation

No. 2 with 70. The former will wear red ribbons and the latter white, no that those who tare prejudices and would he o hetwiee unaware of the ittentity of the various players trill be able to cfTer a word or two of encouragement to either the man with the red or white ribbon. The game is to commence at 2 3') and I anticipate that the Corpora- two men will run home vicors by about 111 chalks. Both teams have been putting in a good deLl of practice this season, each is ii.tent on winning—and one must lose. Armitages have some bowlers of repute, but when they are matched ag tinot a team with 411 cf an advantage, and w iti men who hare given evidence that they know how to handle a wood then their chances are very much minimised. Mrs. W. P. lipi Inds has pt omised to pretent the cup and nit dals.

LANCASHIRE COUNTY SEMI.FINAL. CEMETrItY WIG AN.

On Saturday the Cemetery met Wigan at Newtoo-le- Willovrs. It wee mutually agreed that they ehould start an hour titer scheduled time in order to meet the convettiente of the Wigan men who had to journey by traio, and, therefore, It wee almost h il`-past four lefore a wood had been bowled. Many tight matches have been played on this green and on Saturday the Cemetery after baying bees pulled out of en apparently hopeless position, were able to draw at 211 points. ilistory is always repeating itself. I remember a simil a game at Newton between Bull's Head and Leigh liailwsy. In ebb e case Bull's heart were note, fortunate RS their keen neighbours, the Cemetery Club, for they were beaten by the narrow margin of 2 points. Tlte players choice for the re-play last Salutday speak well for the Selection Committee of the Cemetery. Tom llarrieon the Crptain of the Cemetery 'ream woe So RniiollS for the SUCCPRS of it's side that he abstained front playing. Of course, that was public spirited but I consider Lin tplite good su,sgh for any match.

RFINE,I: 01.IAVE

This game looked a good thing for Hilton, especiklly when the figures were 16-7 against Cleave. however, the Cemetery man ren,ising liar position in such an important match recovered himself splendidly and by scoring a couple,. further four and then a run of nix he aerie the gown 20 all. Ile laid up a rplendid wood in :he corner, but Hilton exercising keen Judgment won by the odd dark.

Williams went off in surprising fashton and at the cod the card registered 17-0 in his favour. Ile was in One form end he only allowed his opponent to gather 5 before be ran home.

When Ashton stepped on the green points were badly needed. Much was expected of him, fur on many critical Occasions ha had proved himself a capital man. His score-21-7—reminds me of a similar display which be gnu a few years ago, when he defeated Cross of Leigh Railway it the George Hotel. Ilia success on Saturday was a splendid achievement because relitune was lined upon him nt t, allow Critchley to obtain more than 7 (bilk.. Had Critchley got another I, Wigan would have retired victorious.

111“ kN's ULATIO,s !

Dining the lan gnmes there was great jubilation in We Wigan camp, oho through some error in calculation imagined they had won by I paint. But Mr. Whittle,

of the CemeCery, being on 4:4 warrior who knew, all the ropea disputed the fact, despite the contradiction of the Winners. Leave it to John to know a thing or two. Ultimately nhen the scrutiny was made it trans- pired that the game was 211 each.

THE PLAY-OFr. R. ROill t ELL N. N.. AVEtt ROI r.

. . I was delighted to see that ltothwell was able to play for the Cemetery, eel consider him to be one of the finest bowlers in the district. Ile ran to 8 before Ashcroft scored at all and then after the latter had obtained four chalk. to his credit he played brilliantly and ran (0 25 points only allowing his opponents to get one more unit—game 21-d. It my be of interest ill mention that Ashcroft figured in the individual merit !land on Monday at Illackpool and he intimated to Rothwell that if he could reproduce the some form displayed wlen he played Roth aell, though he wise beaten no dadly, he would not be afraid of soy player he might have to meet at the famous seaside resort. Really Itothwell's brilliant exhibition even myetilied his one friends, for he absolutely outdid "touchers.' The game caused gaits a flAter of joy and homilisti As in the respective camps. G5OllOl, BALL, V. .1. DICKPNSDN. . . . . .

While Rothe-ell aas doing great justice for his club flail was following in We footstep, Ile did essatPti.m ally well op t, the Iltb end when bin score arts 15-3 in his favour. Theo Dickenson pot away with 4, hut his effort was only spasmodic and Ball. playing with any Amount of coallience won an escellent game by 21-11.

WIGAN'S CALCULATIONS !

When these tw genus wsre settled Wigen owe up all hopes of figuring in the llnsl, but at the semi time Herman Williams save s fine exhibition by defeating W Le3/and by 21-14.

Of the lone Cemetery men who appeared in the play off Tom Humphreys was the only man to go down. It. Dickenson won inn hard game by

WM/Fr-ROSS V. SWINTON ,OCIAL.

This Important match aras interrupted by rare, which made bowling difficult—a circamstancs which was not •Ileviared by the gederal condition of the green. I feel sure that Gad the weather conditions bees more pro.

pitlous, White... Toss would hare eppeered in the final, and then we thoold hava had the unprecedented—so 1 , understand—and esciting spectacle of two Warrington , teams pla3ing in the teal for County honours. However, the fates declared otherwise, hot perhaps it will heppen cent year. According to tumour the first four genies at one pe.iod shoe ed a majority of 10 viols ill favour of Wnitecruse, but the respective players omitted to hold the advantage with, the conse- quence that when the games were finished that number was greatly reduoed.

NIASSRY V. H. i. 1.1.15.

Among th• most interesting gamey ployei was that beta ven S Msney(Whitecrosm and It Ellie. of course, Ilmsey in lot a young player, but be has a neat say of bowling .d be indulged in a neck and utak race. He was no earnest and at lii whoa Ellin WAS within two chalks of victory he made a capital break of 5 sad thus won a stiff game.

H. UROI Oil rIIST .CHADWE IC

Truly it was " prolog men a day, for 11. Broadhurst ran home victor. lk was always behind hand op to 16, when tie made a capital spurt and won cipltally by 5 points.

T. Et ISON V. 11. <'ol'l,.!l,

Up to the 20th end it appeared as if Ellison were going to 'romp" horns, hot matters turned out more difficult thin foreseen. When Ellison stood St Cooper w, fi behind but by dint of bard work be ems able to peel at 19. However, Tom obtained • couple and so Lemnos •ictor.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT BOWLING ASSOCIATION. INDIVIDUAL mEittr.

' It won unfortunate that the weather broke down last Saturday for such en important competition. The pro- prietor, Mr. F. Starkey, had gone to preat pains iu potting the green up to concert pitch. It is. prettily eitoeted green and the surrounding. are delightfol. With twelve supplernentsry entries the total nomber of competitors stead at 155. 'roe officilli in charge hope to terminate the Wet rental to-day, with tire excaption of the Cemetery players, who are taking part in the final for the Lancnshire County Championship. This concessiou was granted by a sub-cmnruittve which sat on Tuesday evening lent. The draw for the second round sill take pure immediately the competition closes this evedng.

Good bowling was rosily out of the rpiest ion on Saturday laid, thou sh the Sint; and Queen drift very rapidly. The official,. did extremely well in bringing 31; pines net down for competition tot close.

Jne Glenne .cl Sam Odds (lent year's winner of the Works Handicap) •ere the first to eet the ball rolling. Joe simply revelled in the corners, end came out an easy winner 21-5, thus reversing the mult of last year's game in the works handicap.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKS BOWLING COM PETITION. TO-DAY'S FINALISTS.

Ph ot oN, To lige .

1 4111111: . 10. ....,d . .. .. 1 1 1 ..4 !lie .1% on "115 Iliii!. , I f ill,t. n 0 - a , 1 --- - i

WARRINGTON CORPORATION No. 2.

- AI • ea. ,r 4 _ _

===== 0002601_19110812_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
ARMITAGE AND RR;PN"S.

Charlie Galley mu touch fancied candidato, but Roughlov, pleo tog cotmintently all through, woo by 21-10. The best game of the afternoon came from H. blyes and Tom Taylor. The game was 20 all add with good lodgment Eyee came along with Ilia !oat wood, which male him game. Both players wean congratu- lated oa their display.

W. Ashull had quite so easy jimr.y against him club mate A. Stretford 21 4 B. Tomlinson uf Fearnbead did a .pital perfornmuca in defeating J. W. Brown, King and queen, on a very tri.tky rimed. Fie puticalarly had matters all his own way, winni rig comfortably 21-5

While I am speaking of the Works Aterciaiion I may as well refer to the annual main which is to cotrimmce next Saturday. The games are IS up anl with a handicap limit of It young players need not be reticent in entering the lists as full justice will be meted out to them To encourage them I may say that a novice, S. Oddy, had the satisfaction of puling oft a handsome first price last yeir. This year the first prize will he worth 17.5 S. , and the winner will also have the pleat.ure of holding the " Greece]l cup "I 4' twelve romths. The second prize va'uel :Is. is worth trying for.

WORKS COMPETITION. The following no the twee:— ARMITAGE %NI) RIG.? .li3Odiollp 3)) CORPORATION No. t) ifilarlicap 70). %V Bridge v A C Hands (cspt). W Rostern v J Tolley A Eckersley v W Seen P ',el's. • GA Knowles S Firth v L Lee B Green (cant) v .1 Leitch .1 Potter v F Shaw S Riley v II Dageall C North v G F Rice It Savory • W Berestori H Hollrook v I' Clarke .1 Firth • W Sumner

===== 0002601_19110812_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

S %NKr, Wins Mu l. V. 0111311D.-I'2a7ed Saturday. At l'adgato.lane. Score : SANI•SaY VIRE Ileeritt c Bradat, Hewitt _ Hooter

S IXKP.V WIRE MI F'. L Hewitt c Allen b

ORFORD. A Bra4abas• c Parr b

W Bennett b Allen

D-11;;Tit:

W Hooter c Ashcroft b A Clare c Hewitt b Leigh 'linden II Moores c Ashcroft b II Hewitt c b Hunter 9 _D.Hessitt . ,

P Bled. b 'honer lO b Craddock S Holden b Leigh l7 T Allen b Bladen 7 C Hawthorn not ow 4 P Ashcroft b Bladeu... 0 P Craddock b Leigh 5 S Leigh b Moores 2 CI Parr b Leigh Esti-,

Total ..... 1141 Total 37

.11O11;i3-d

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. WARRINGTON CONSERVATIVES V HYLINDS.-I'layed o S.torday Arpley. Scores

RYLAND, I (MERV ATIV ES. F Iforrock• b Summeln 3 J Duck worth S _Crier c Green In Hotrod. b Newton 3 ' •

8 S

T Newton b Green 2 h kmenhigh lO A Duckworth 0 Drees ... 10 F Some., retireel 11 Newton c Summers b J Conktable c. Duck- . . .

worth b Newton

T Willi. b Co.. 7 B Green c llorrocks t. lissenbigh b Helt ...... 1 Newton 1 G 11illiartn c Green b P Knight b Newton 1 Constable 4 C Holt not out

A Butierw rib run out 0 W Bell c and b S Garnett not out I Boma. E P Senders b Holt 0 W C Brooks, 111. ach, and .1 Grounds did not bat Extras Torsi

49 Total (for 6 wits)... 7:

FRIENDLY MATCHES.

LATCHFORD BA fisv.or 11.—Scoroo :- 111.11,SRY. LAT. HYDRO. Werborton o Walker b A Alblos n b Stott ... 1 Cliffs

7 A .K Walker c and b

Flkiel; e Hare; h Chit, 0 Warburton 11 Tweedle h Cliffe C Nleld I) Itohetteon l3 T.% !bins. b Stott ... 14 W Stott I. Walker 0 :1 Hunt hTtteeois W S•anway c Heald It W 0 Hayes c Nield It Oil% 4 Tateedle . (2

‘,..tte -.....--... , P Pate c Walker h Elide 11 0 II H S Heald b tott ... 1 W asobabin b Clitre 4 Jlt •bettson liTtaesdle 2 II Ctoft. 0 Walker 1 W Ecclen b Stott .1 ertift c Eccles b Hunt 5 F Stanley retired o Sanders not out . 1 A Starkey not out 0 Extras

Totl 3

Total 104

SOT.fIIERM V. POT. ECE.—Played at Ml:any groundi on Tuesday. S.;nres .._..__

,a. 1111,11.5. Scott a Willis b Green... 0 SAmmers c& b Paton 1 Jones b Summers ... 2 Green run out... ... 0 Green run out ... ... 0 Hayes b Scott .. 4 Paton run out ... II Hawthorn c Green b Millnard c Hayes b b Paten 0 Green ... 5 Holland c Morrison b Macdonal4 b Summers .. 1 Peton... 2 _ . _

Savage c .te b Summers .. Stuart b Ecott... Carson c & bHand .. 3 Noway b Patna Monition c Summers b \.rmsttoog b Scott

5 Moinebn 7 -Carson b

JOll.ll 120 t. not Scott ... 2 Ashton b Summers ... 1 Fo•ster not out c Savage b 1-xtras ... 13 Extra. ... 2

TAA

Total ... 42.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

CONSERVATIVE CHALLENGE CUP. FIRST_ ROUND.

TOWN HALL WARD V LATCIIIoRD (No. 13).—This postponed i 3 was played on the grean attsoerl to the Conservative Club, Sankey-street, on Towle, evening. Scores

TOWN HALL. f II FORD. Thorley... ... ... 13 11 Tlighann 2 ... 13 9IL Clough 11 E A Bradbury ... 13 J S Burge. 4 J Well. 13 A Jovett ... • ... 4

T Roberts ... 13 W Tayl, ,J Unewo•th. 13 T Whitfield _

_ A throe.... A H ‘Vslker

13 A 6.1.;p1.i; 13 F Short...

ItI•j-ority for Torn Hall, 87. LANCASHIRE COUNTY ASSOCIATION, CLUB CHAMPIONSHIP. Srmi-FiNAL.

WIIITLCROSS (WARRINGTON) V. SWINTON LIBERAL. —These teams met ia the semi-flual for the Cratifield C.Jp sad L CA. Championship st the green adjoining the Griffin Hotel, Broughton. Scnresi— willlTelltiht. SV INTON. S Massey ... 21 it Ellia 19 Joe (ileave ... 17 11 Wolstencroft ... 21 T Edgerton 8 J Clayton (capt.) ... 21 A °leave 21 J Wallwork ...19 W,rliurtoo ... .1 Ashworth ... 21 IT Elli..nreapt.) ... 21 H Cooper ... 19 A Watherton 16 T Wolstenh ... 21 I A Thoraley ... 19 It Walton .. ... 21 I J Appleton 16 A II Holmes ... 21 W Bill 10 J Farnwortta 21 11 Broadhurst ... 21 J Chadwick IG W ... 10 F S Agnew

WARRINGTON CEMETERY HOTEL T. Wl4: tu.—The It testi pleyel at Newton-le-Willows on Setup' ty. When the tonics gamete bad been completed it wail found that the scores were equal and consequently four playem had to pray off to d Tide (ire Mitt, Tbe Mancheeter-road orgeniettitm qualified for the final stage by 27 points. Lieteilst— t EMI :EERY. m IG IN. E Cleave ... 20 J T Hilton ... 21 T Humphrey. 21 1' Leyland ... 151 Ball, ens .1 Dickeoaon 21

HothweJl H Willl4ol. A Scott ... A J Jones ... _ . .

21 J Worthington 16 21 W Flows 5 II 1. Bollon ... 21 16 G A.hcroft ... 21

Sunderland W.W.or93.ington

J Ashton ... 21 T Critcbley'T. G Ball, jun. 16 It Dickeneon 11 T Bdon 15 .1 Bridge ... 21 .1 Woods 1e W Leyland ... 21

A .T.olloy.

Deciding Ties. 0 Ball, j.n ... 21 J Dickens:. 11 H Ih.rn .21 W Leyland ... 14 It Itoth.sell 21 0 6..heroft. ... 6 Tlluniphre3s ... 16 II Dickinson ... 21

Cemetery Hotel won by 27 points. SECOND TEAM CHAMPIONSHIP. Sbmi.FINAL.

WARRINGTON CFMKTRRY V. WIGAN S,IIS,RIPTION —Played at Sandoa Hill, Liverpool, OR SatOrri.9 Score* : ARI3INGTON CEMETERY. SCH..

R Kigbt. 21 B Taberaer 16 A Forster... 12 J Ileslry 21 W Butterworth 16 E W00d... ... 21 R Iri.go. . 21 It Koos les ... 15 W Boughley 21 F Mort.' o 13 W Barton ... IS J 21 C Jordso ... 21 F Dickenson IS ti Till It Aotr II linshm

K Tilling ... ... 17 T Critchley It Antrobus 21 8_ W00d...

-4 4.. V. Davenport

Baldwin ... ... 21 H Sergeil-t F Miller H Barry

_ 204 212 Wiglo Subw:iption woo by 8 FA:A.

WARRINGTON AND DIS fRICT BOWLING ASSOCIATION. INDIVIDUAL MERIT COMPETICIOS.

This annual main was commenced on S.iturday on , the green attached to th • King and Q seen. Sac,. J Rough ley,llylands Bron 21 U Galley, Jun Cons ... 16 ' FBlsckleuge, Jun C., 21 John W 24.1. Conytery 10 J Newton, R 3 lands J Wrench, [glands IV Woisley, Jun C. ns 21 T Platt, Itylands 8 IV Taylor, Bull'a Heart 21 .1 Bolton, Fearnbetd T Bourne jun, King &14 21 John Clough, .1 on Cons 7 G Holbrook. Itylands ... 21 Jos StraTord,Fearnhead 14 Monkr, Rylands Vernsn,King &Queen 21 Ben Jim Coos 17 J Bull • Head 2l 5 Oddy, Cemetery JII Jolley, Bull's Head 21 A Roster., Cemetery 16 James Cooper, J. Con 21 W Bate, King & Queen In IV Ashell, King 21 Queen 21 A Stretford, King A: Q 1 II Eyey, Kilo need ... tI 'l' Taylor, It3lsnds I. Lawton,King & Queen 21 J Lister,Cmuelery l7 It !Ansley, It lends 2l J Antrobba, King 21 Q .1 W Hands, Bolls Head 21 J Unnwcrtn, Itylanda... 15 J Hisbam,King .1: Queen 21 WII Eyea, Bull's fiend 15 II lAnghorn, K2l Q 21 J S oitt,, Fearnheal ... 15 B Tomlinson, bearnbe,d 21 J IV Iteown, K 21Q ... 5 J Monk., Junior Cons G Shaw, jun II d 21 F Webt..oo, Fe...ahead 17 E Shaw, Buli's Head J Brandreth, Ditbon 2l 0 Shaw, jun. K2l Q ... 10 II Allen, Rylands Ft Wicks, Bull's Head IV Norgroye, Ryland. T Brandreth, Ditton no A Pickering, Pitt... W !towering, Fearnbead no J All. in, Cemetery —Ow W Weiser, K& Q mu E Machell, K and J Melbourne, Ce.netery mu ...6) hull, C:tnetery she

G Warburton, Burk Q tay v W Asht3n, Ling & Queen 1' Hackett, Bull's Heal v John Evans, Bull's Heal

J Swanton, Sully. Head • E Bambara, Fearnbead T Bretherton, Pearvhl r T Howard, Fearnbead J Pinto. king and Hoorn v J Liberal Club James Hewitt, Fearnhead v C [looms, F arnberd CONSOLATION COMPETITION.

WINO AND WREN V. EGER roN Allll,, RI-NCORN.— his return garue was plated at Runcorn on Saturday. On the home-and-home engagements the Padgate-lane Club wr n by the large margiu of Pit points. Scares:- -

KING AN N.

T \V Feld.g .1 Lumley ... S Riley, juu .1 Woods ...

11 S lone, ... ... 21 21 W W.kefield 12 21 S Houghton ... 12 9 J Dutton 21

21 A Hourton 17

Qftri4.7l.. 21 J W Obbrook 21 A Jolley ... A hi. 21 T Antrl3. 17 W Cater ... 21 C Garrett 19 11! pi:onlley

Iligheit; J Bibby .

21 W Lovntt 9 21 T Rawliotion lt

MAIN AT THE KIND AND DEEEN.

A successful niiio was held at the King and Queen green on Monday. Some very excellent tooling was seen, and the green was inn tplendid condition. The fleet prize, which win given by tie It Ili glum, wus won by T Qaarrie, and the other prize winners were as follow :-2, J Monks ; 3 If I.mghoro I, J W Denies; 5, E Maskell ;li, IV Locker; 7, S Silty, jun.; 9, T Microbus; .1 I.sngley.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ASSOCIATION

INDIVIDUAL MERIT COMPETITION. The Gent round of the !infield.] hlerie Competition ,vilt be continued at the King laud Q...een to-day.

..... 2 r.s. TO 4 I. NI. J Warhueon, K and Q, v James Armitage, Jill Cora J Makin, liog and Queen v W Locker, King and 'lnnen J Ileakin, Itylands, • Rigby, linlt'a Head James Weston, Veatnhead, vi Thompson, Ryland'. F Clare, King avi Quern, vi Ashall, King and Queen F Miller. Comet. y, n IV Taylor, King and Queen IJ Bromley, King and (loner,, E Povey, King S, Queen A Fomter, Cemetect , • T Webster, Fearnhead W E Middleton. K and v John Holbrook. Dittrn IV It. tighley, %lends. V W Ball, King and Queen N Fielding. K and 9, sit M lillin..Cemetery II Holbrook, Jun Can, v J Langley, K anl

I m. in tt.L W Ciittom, Cemetery v l Smith, Cemetery S Green, Lend r/ v It Ant mhos, Cemetery A Ford. C,emetery v W Denier, King and men W Bridge, Cemetery • J Glenn., Cemetery OH W Steel, K and Q R Trigger, Cemetery .1 Layflelil, King and Queen vi' Elliron, Cemetery H Cook, I.ilmral Club v W Carter, King an 1 Queen Iligham,K end Q n W Andrewv, Bull's Head S Riley, jun., K and Q v J Thomeann, King end tomn F S arkey, King and lldeen • A Price, King and rlueen J Hardman, F'earobted • J Bibby, king and Noel. P Dale, Cemetery v J Monte, King and iVieen

To 8.1.. B Regen, Junior Consertntive • A Cleave, Bull's heal II Ilaalain, Cemetery • II Ratcliffe, Fearnbasi C Jordan, Liberal Club v I' Davies, Fearnhead CI W , a B rburton, ink mW y • Ashton, in g and Queen T Hackett, Bull's Head • J Evans, Bull's Head J Swanton, Bell,: Head a E Iternbam,Fearnbesil T Bretherton,Fearrthead • T llowerd, Fearonerld , J Firth, Sing and Q leen • I Billow, Liberal Club Hewitt, Fearobead • C Robert., Fearnbead

===== 0002601_19110812_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

Successful Re-opening Week

The re.openiug a the Royal Court Theatre on Saturday evening was welcomed by • large and moat appreciative audience and, notwithstanding the delight- ful summer weather of the past week, good houses have continued to be the rule. The elaborate scheme of re-decoration carried out during the holidays has celled forth general prsise and admiration. In comfort and attrartivenees, the royal Court now ranks high among provincial theatres. Great taste and artistic skill have been shown ia the decorative work, while tbe hope ,ved seating arrangement t in the stalls, pit and circle, cannot fail to commend themselves to putout,. The stage aAraction fir the re-opening week has taken the form of • Venetian drama in four acts entitled " The Tyrant," by the late Fred C. Secure- held. Founded on one of Victor Hugo'. work,. it grips the eedience by the briskness elite action and the intensity of the many thrilling situations which find a place in the story. Mr. Bulmer'e company gives an earnest and convincing performance, end each evening there have been spontaneous demonstrations of great cordiality in appreciation of the el 'rts of the principals First and foremost comes Miss Marie Dagmar, a favourite with Warrington audiences, who displays talent do, high order in the difficult role of Tittle,. See realizes Ii perfection the mazy contrasting emotions of the part, and is in turn flippant sod playful, highly dramatic and pathetic, u the prlgress of the plot warrants. Mr. A. Edward Brooke presents a cl,ver study of Homodel, the evenger. infusing remarkable realism and power into his wort. He is a mysterious and aweseme figure, ever haunted with the consuoring desire for vengeance and and it is his cunningly theught-out scheme which dominates the whole story. Mr. Bert Oates iinpereenates Angelo, the cruel and scrupulous tyrant, in such whole-hearted fashion es to earn the hostility of the " gods"— a testimony to the effectiveness of his acting. Miss Maud Steeple is well placed as Lady Katherine, wife of Angelo, one feature which com- mends her portrayal being its naturalness. Miss Holly Haelewood has a melenchrly purl Flomoders sister, but she succeeds in making it interesting. Some excellent comic by-play is pro- vided by Mr. Harold Holloway (Victor), Mr. Fred Luard 'Nobbo end Miss Nancy Nevrell Reginella. The scenery and effects are admirable. A choice selection of light music is provided by the orchestra under Mr. T. Beothroyd's conductorship.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH AFFAIRS. NOTES FOR IRISH READERS.

TiII: ABORTIVE Vo"TE oF CENTRE,

Ile would be • poor sort of Irishman indeed whine mind was not big with joy and hope when last Tuesday's newspaper brought Icm the tiding, of the historic debate of Monday last in the If use of Commons. For our part we say frankly that few ewes in Britain's Parliament during modern times have been quite so full of deep and potent significance to Ireland am was that enacted ralien the solid majority ! hurled bark Mr. Balfour's belated Tree of censure, on the divided force which has to persistently and so relentlessly fought our national ideal. To come to the debate itself, which later geLerations will probably esteem as one of the great landmarks in the political history of our time, Mr. Asquith did well at the beginning f his powerful speech t thank the Itickleo• leader of the Opposition for bringing forward Ids rote of censure. Nothing could have better served the pprpoies of the quiet strong man who as Prime Minister is to-day leading the progressive thought of the kingdom in an attack, n ov close to victory, on the privileges of the irreationsible cligarchy. The occaeion enabled the Government not only to state clearly and finally the unanswerable case for the use of the Royal' preronatire litat to secure an endorsement of that position from the united anti- Peersmajority in the If nose of Commons. With the main lines of the Governments case as stated in the Prime Ministers masterly opeer k, most politicians by this time must be tho °uglily familiar nor is there any reason to examine the logical sequence of the argil- meat on which Mr. Asquith based his canatitritional thesis. Mr. Ballotar—rately if ever heard to such poor effect and with ouch incoherence—with weak and nebulous idea of history vainly tried to show that the precedent of 1532 ail not epply. But, as Mr. Churchill later showed, that in every point of dal r- enee. lull presents a much stronger case for the use if the prerogative than 1832. There was but one election in IS3'2, nit three es Mr. Balfour in rather blundering fashion declared thie time there were two. the second being a conce,siou to Toryiern. Re eating all the worn-out allegations, the Leader of the Opposi- tion laid the whole emphasis of his apemb on Home Rule. And we Nationalists rejoice that whilst our own leader, Mr. Re.lruond, looks on keenly observant of the fight in its every phase the overdue just: ce of our cause finds no thorough • champion as Mr. Winston Churchill. After Mr. Reilmonire dignitled rebuke to the unmannerly con- duct of Mr. F. E. Smith, in which rebuke Mr Redmond was eupported by the Speaker' perhaps the most attracting feature if thin weeks debates was the splendid sense of Slr. Churchill's rejoinder to Lord Llugh Cecil's threat of physical force in the event of the 'tome Rule Bill passing. At this moment mid Mr. Churchill there were some 70,000 meson strike, many of them hungry, most of them poor, holding opinions quite as definitely and as strongly as the" Die Herds "and if these poor men attempted to n-e any force the noble Lord would be the first tome., that the troops should be sent down for stern repression. Whether the Home Rule bogey was an attempt on the Fort of Mr. Balfour to reunite Ids .livid«l ranks we cannot say, but, failing aeon in such an affect it cannot help but advance the flume Rule cause iu the public opinion of this country. Becaues of thie, and because of the incontrovertible fact that the days, nay the hours of oligarchic tyranny—• tyranny ageiest which, O'Connell, Iravi,t, l'aroell and many a brave one of our race died fighting—are ended we repeat that the Irish of to-day have cause to Ift up their hearts and be glad that they are living in such a moving and an inspiring epoch. IRELAND'S INDPSTRIAL PRoGRESS.

If there be one man in Ireland who is better qualified to speak on the industrial and agricultural aspects of Irish life. it is Mr. T. I'. Gill, the Secretary of the Department of Agriculture and Techncial Instruction in Ireland. 11 may be interesting to recall in passing that it was for the unpardonable crime f selecting Mr. ill for this p,aw by reason of 1 his unrivalled expert knowledge that Sir Howe flunkett was bounded out of public life by his Irish Unionikt f lends because Sir llorue had dared to appoint a Catholic Irashman, the creed and the nationality being the sde grounds of Unioniq dissatisfaction. • lb. other day Mr. Gill in addressing a Belfa-t audience exprreeed his opinion that owing to the amazing advance which Ireland's industlies had made in tits last ten years, wit'lin he ann liaet , Ireland was amongst the flout rat idy and roundly progressive nations of the scald. After citing the increase in Ireland's annual turnover in trade, an increase of 2,1 millions in four years, the increasing exports, the upward grade in iimports showing a greater spending power on the part of the people, the ircrease in Irish joint Stec Bank Balances f rota 47i millions seven years aga to 7al millons to-day, Mr. Gill described the progress wl.ich had been made in Education. This is the most encouraging factor of all. Our education is beginning ti look to our agricultural and industrial development. But it is not, we are glad to know, go.ng to do so in any narrow or merely technical sense ; or in any sense which would dirnini,h the reverence rightly due to the human and ethical part of culture. Under the itithrence of men like Mr. GPI, and Mr. O. Russell, the Irish Maeterlinck, whose myatc prose sod 6ne music of verse have caught the trained ears of Enrope aml An:erica, whilst Ids lucid 871,1 practical urn ings on agricultural organisation are valued by every farmer in Ireland, tinder the guidance of men such as these the education of the future will have a broader and a higher aim - the training of good men and good citizens not less than echolars aG,i expert worke:

===== 0002601_19110812_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

Undoubtedly the programme submitted to the patrons of the Palace and Hippodrome this week is full of werit and affords splendid entertainment. We have such a first class entertainer as Tom Clue. whose ingeniously conceived songs rendered to his own accompaniments on the piano, meet with popular approval. A more original ketch than " Who did 'it ?" presented by W. T. Eilwanger's Company it is difficult to imagine. The Anieri can element pervades the whole affair and thecharacters of different typ, of men are brought out to perfection: Whit, for instance,could be better than the irritability of the German Baron or the eccentricities of the tongue- ted Professor The Seymours (Lily and Fred)give a display of strength, introlucing sufficient novelty into their performance to enhance the pleasure which • strong man turn generally affords. An singers, skaters aml expert detects, Sinclair's Three Diamond' excel, Their harmonious dancing is especially meritorious. Linn and Darius, present as instru- mental and vocal scene and Rosie Fitzgerald the chic . . ,

comedienne, invariably receives an 'encore. The Wetuns, are two local artistes who are not very con- vincing mimics of the Hebrew race, th ugh they exhibit considerabie skill in a marvellously quick dance. The pictures are partic,ilarly good and no is the:music contributed by the orchestra under the able lealereLip of Ile E. A. Wildop.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
" The Mollusc."

Ifis§ Nell% l'Aryis flying ant inee performance of Tuesday afternoon drew a fairly large audience despite the tropical weather conditions prevailing out of do ,rs And all who were so fortunate as to wd.ne as " The Ito " had their reward, for this three-act comedy proved not only entertaining in itself but demonstrated that it, author. th,ugh a young man, writes with the confident pen cf mature experience of what is at once piquant, edifying and &reusing in spoken dialogue. That one oould sit fvr how. . .

a on a broiling"afternoon and be highly entertained by I verbal intercourae between four people only, and with only one scene as • background. is evidence enough i that " The Mollusc" has real life in ita irony, , its satire, and its bitting off of the foibles and !idiolncracies of people ailltlently circumstanced. The manner in which the piece was presented was in every way admirable, which is a matter fir self' congratulati n amongg so small a trimpe of players, !amongst whom inequalities of rapacity adequately to , portray the pa ti would have been disistrons to its success. Suffice it to ass therefore that the " Mrs. Baxter" of Mtss Nelin 15Oveys had it, most effective foil in the "Miss Roberts" of Miss Faith Celli, and I that a simear sense cf artistic contrast was tonne! in I the two male characters of" Mr. Baste; 'and Tom I Kemp," splendidly impersonated by Mr. J. H. 13a!liol and Mr. Norman Trevor. Seldom bare we witnessed n comedy so entirely unohjectionaltle and altogether pleasing. The Hipp,drome oichestra under Mr. Widdops's able c nitictorship played very finely • number cf pieces including the overture to '• Raymond. "

===== 0002601_19110812_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
HEAD AND HAND.

What the Worker Needs.

llf the n..in who works with his hand. does not sleep soundly, er if he wakis up tire] in the looming, it is because Ids brsin is underfed Dr. Tibbles' Vl.Coew gives you sound, wholesome sleep if you take it for supper. If you wake up tired in the duck, cAtl morning. 'I .Cocoa for breakfast will warm you and send a glow of vigour through all your I, Ay. became, it is • brain food as well as • body food. It brightens the wits and strengthens the sinews too If you ask ivhy Vi COOO.l does so much for the brain and hand worker the answer is easy. Vieocos is the bet of cocoa, but it is more than coo a. It boa cocoa, kola, malt and hops in it, to soothe the nerves end clear the head, feed the body and help the digestion. That is why you most ask the grooer for

===== 0002601_19110812_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
WvCocoa

—lt tEr.:Jall tbe difference.

Ew.ry grore. ,-lls (• ,c,,a in 61 packeti aq.l 9,1

NOTE EH iti:NAME NOTE BAKING POWDER Gt=

ORMT-ra

Cures when all remedies fail. It acts like magic relieving all pain and throbbing and soon cures the worst CORNS and BUNIONS. Boxes Is !id. of all Chemists. M. BF.ETHAII & SOB. ftrat,..

BOILS and iraRBIIN•LIII Mindly 1.11 rei 1,, t ia,ll. int.4.rnal rental,: 1' N. p mltictng ..r 1 .mg. In Nov.*. 11.111 it., - VT1.1."1.t TALN 1,1141,,141116 some,: v, 16 It, ICKLEI ht.pke Ne•UlOg

_ IF YOU USS muePiToL YOU WI L Nor BE NOKKIEI) SIIDOES,ONATS,HARVESTEIte,on MOSQUITOES, Pocket Bottles, 12; Larger, 2-, 33, 53 Post free. FRANK A. Itoustra, 327 OXFORD STUART. I.o,ronv. W. i'llgrAFFStrtFll7!"':d9"!;:-. in continental ospita by u-n Itostan, Johret.Vr,o eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed kw tfnueyi ttl4.l"4:l7r7n".:ryb dt:.h.::;!•', Vt. 7" rso'hi:". piles.gravel, painsin bark. gout,rheutua ahauston, sleeplessness, tr. Three foetus, NOl. I, 2 5 3. arrord.ng 1., .11seases. Prire 111 pDrtila, Id. stamp, post lens in Great Britain loon "l'he Medic liares• crack RcuLlimar.tead. Loa4s.a.l, prmclpal C hewn.- HARRIS'S SKIN CREAM. by the

mine lor tome after 41.1

lurly wII I:..ep the f. o. dor

I..rfoct rem.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
NM 0 Free Gardners Moss Rose Lodge 1099.

At a meeting of the ahove I. • Poole and James Edward . • :. recipients of past cfficers' Master. Daniel was called upon on of the Lodge to make the presentations. He truved that each recipient would long lire to lye spared to work amongst them with the same flreent ap.rit they had exhibited in the past. Their integrity of conduct hail gained for them the esteem of their brethren. Pie holed they would receive the certificates in a good

spirit and have them hung up in the most cAtsPruons place in their homes. Jiro. A Healey Areasurer), bore testimony to the excellent work of the past (Aces. In response. tie ree,p'ents hearty that:ll.ol the members for the presentations and said it MIS quite true they had taken • very great interest in the Lodge. They always felt it • pleasure to attend and willted tine 31 on Rose Lodge every Btl,Ctell.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
TdE IDIOSYNCRASIES OF SALMON

We are all ready to confess, and perhepa the more ready the more we know, how greet and far-retching is our ignorsace of thee.;. and the fancies of mime ; but it there in one print on which we did suppose that we bad arrived at some definite knowledge, it is that they rtipiire the size of the II; to be nicely ad,usted to there needs, if they Sr. to accept It lite colour &ie. not mud, signify, but you most get the sire right, is the dictum to which practical experience, both positive and negative—of salmon in the taking as well Sr of salmon in the rehiring tonal—has teemed to lead. Lately we have heard of an lost :me which strongly refutes even t hat elementary conchal°t;. Th• instance occurie.l on one of thou, river. in which the salmon are numerous, though they do not run large. Oce or two rods, fishing • beet of this river In the early part of the day, caught four salmon, or grit..., co very small flies. Toe fish then seemed to g MT the /red, and in the afternoon the anglers tried big die. for • change, with the result that they taught flee tiab with Ito bigger-aised flies. Yet lb* rote of the water was apparently precisely the r .me as in the more-u..— Country Life.'

===== 0002601_19110812_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
ale, Ay. Excel

4.41. p 444 free. W. H. H 4F11.18. 11.1.. K.. Kria rr. Ir

I. IT eLtltliF...4 81.030 Mixrrau bee obtained such a great poputur.ty ?" is •quset ion whirls boo perplexed many. Tae answer it, that it is unques- tionably the float Blood Porillerth.t al.. and , medical skill hoe brought to light. Thous.. of , wonderful cures hive been effected by it. 1,0, &mt.!. . Scurvy, Eczema, Skin .d Blood Dieeases, It. Legs pimplis, awl Corea of sll kinds, its effects •re marvellous. Sold everywhere at 2e. PI. per bottle Beware of worthless imitation. sod substitutes.-Adi t. 2 • I CLARKE'S B, 41 PILLS are aerranted to mire In either net all acquired or conetitutional discharges, from the Urinary Organs, Drs.] aed Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Ertablisbed , upwards of 40 years. In boxes 4.i. thl. each, of ell chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the , world, or sent for sixty tramps by the makers The Lincoln and Midland Count.. Drug Co., Liacola.-Adve

ADVICE TO Movrens."—Are you broken in your rest bye sick child suffering a ith the pain of cutting teeth? Go at once to • chemist, and gets bottle of MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP. It produces natural, quiet sleep by relie•log the child from pais, and the little cherub awakes sa bright as • button!' "Zontains no Poitonons logredient. Of all Chemist& 1 • led. per bottle,—Advt.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servants, eta

AATANTED, oonatry GIRL; able to .rob; small V V fowl!;; flteMl= DERR m, Hest Book, Lanoader. WANTED, good GENERAL, to mist in bar if rtgaired.—Mn. W 111011; Royal Court Hotel, Warrington. -symoßriti..AALEZ,Ttsr,anritsclaAgmyu,p.:llo7; servants good good references (stamp,. WANTED,, good honest reepectable GENERAL for bouaetwork.—Apply, Mrs. SAI ITH, 70 Elizabeth at., Blackpool.

WANTED, COOK GENERAL and HOUSEMAID WAITRESS; Mete ap end wage; protestamt ; demily three.—FLETl HER, Ladybough, Chorley. %IRS. DALBY, Servent's Registry, 87, PANcusersit in.RD., Broadheeth, requires several Clews* Cooker, Housemaids, at once. Stamp.

/VANTED, LADIES' TAILORS, Thlorrtem, Sk irt- waken, Improvers aad Approotices.—W. HODOKINSDN, LTD., Bridge at, Warrington.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL, September 2, good reference. required ; tiro oiher maids kept Write tall lenticular. to PLTRIZ, Stone Hill, Rochdale WANTED, Good GENERAL. country girl pre- ferred.—Apply, ST. JAM BS' Loiw.g, Melling rd. Aintree.

WANTED, GENERAL, for early September, three in family ; referee.. reqnired.—Mm. Ikertuart Rod lane, Hill diV., Stockton Heath, Warrington. WANTED good GENERALS sal Housemaid- WaEmma, Rode., Seriaton. Atherton, Pendia.- tort—RholsTßY, 24, Trovelyan et, Eccles, Hanel:taste, WANTED, COOKS, Cook-Geaerahr, Housemaid- Waitremes,llotmernaida and Gepernla,good wages; cmiii familien-161, LORD ST.,

Southport.

WANTED, GENERAL; most be clean and honest good hoine.—Mrs. WOODS, Victoria Buildings, Bolton rd., Damen.

WANTED. GENERAL, osperieeced , Ole to womb suitable weges ; small faselly.-74, Albert id., Lereoebulnse, Manchester.

CAIRLS, apply for oleo Sitoatioas, Holiday., 'nod wagea.—YouNGasn's Free Agency, Fortune Oats r_cl.,Harleadeo, London.

HOUSEKEEPER to owe or two Gentlemen ; good cook, careful ond tellable; good reformat/1.- 11043, Po isms st , Dorton-no-Trent.

ABERYSTWYTH.—WANTED COOK-GENERALS, Homemade end 0 I Servants —Apply We MACKE-UTZ, 75, North Parsee, Aberyetwytb. Stamp WANTED,. aloe little GENERAL ROSINESS, for. widow Lady • mnc ust be a livi—Apply, witb full particulars, to Sir. Jramvs, nolioitor, Bank brre. Wariest°. -

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT ; s solondld VT home for suitable girl, most he food of children —Apply, Um Guesr, Cromptoo Fold Saucy, Mal, cbegter rd.. Leigh.

WANTED, COOK GENERAL. eond reformers wage. ElB. Ale° NURSE lIQUREWAID. good refereaose; experienced £l6.—ANneesow, Croft Homo, Whitworth, Rochdale.

L.-71THonselieeper to gentleman; one needlewoman.—M A., 13g. Rislm awe, Tottenham. NITANTED, 1101.79E.PARLOLTRIIAID, tall. £2O. V Housemaid, Wigan, Ind of Annust. All clams experienced servants wanted, good referenoes.—lfants THERM 10'S REGISTRY, Peel st., LivemmoL No. Eon kin o fee.

WANTED. tor first Peek in Septsenher, a reliable COOK (good plain cooking), also • House- Parloormaid snd a Between•Mald. Poor in family.— Address Mrs. ROBERTS Sr 17TER, Warren Side, Wallasey, Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Wanted.

NWANTEI,VI bestr bncelltamcrsr, ch ob.illos, or cops.—r. JOHNSON, ROTTAIIOD.P47OOMbridAIf. AGENTS.—Full or Spars Time, splendid terms British Unity, Sickness and Accident.-79, CORPORATION Sr.. kissobastm.

DOG DUNG WANTED, any qdantitiee, large or mall, good _price given.—THß WARRINGTON 'CLLZILD KID CO. LTD., Long lane, Longford, DORI Warrington.

TIMES EXCHANGE, f, Hornby rd., Central Drive AJ, Black pool.—Wardrobe dealer, good price given foroil kinds of left-off clothing ; letters and parcel promptly attended to ; reginter ofh. for servants ; wanted good geoerals, also waitrermee.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
To be Let.

LI OUSE TO LET.—" Whitelield rd.—A Montroa.o,. Epnorth," Whiteneld rd., Stockton Heath.

T ATC H FOR D WITHOU r.—Nice SEMI- -Ed DETACHED HOUSE, containing two sittiag- roams, scullery, surabbouse, ; three bedroom., large garden; rent Bs. olear.—Appls CHAS. HEALEY, estate agent, 6, King-etreet, Warrington.. MO LET, 17, PALM Y RA SQUARE (ePlmeita Queen's 1. Gardena), containing two entertarnincsooms, kitchen, larder, cellars, tee bedrooms, bosroom, bath, Ac.; immediate pomession.—For partioubtrs, apply CHARLES HEALEY, estate agent, 6, King-street Warrington.

IEICIRNISHED HOUSE for one, two or three months Latchford Without, 5 minutes station dining and drawing rooms, 3 bedrooms. bath. &c. ; south gardend terms moderste.—Apply Z., '• ESAMitlef " Mos Warrinstom Run—col

T_ LET.-14,LEINSTER OARDENS, _-Jrn ; J. good commodious house, 4 bedroom., parlour, sitting-room, kitchen and scullery, 2 good cellars, Aarden, bsck sod front,.—Apply, 6, YORK ST., Runcorn.

TELEPHONE No. 308.

CIMITH AND TURTON, Valsrs, Estate, Insurance 0 and Commission Agent., Mortgage Brokera, CRAMPTON'S CHAMBERS, BARBAULD BT., WARRINGTON. .3; FORD ST., Newly beantifled, Ss. per week. 64 and U, ALGERNON ST., 4s. Ed. per week. NEW HOUSES, RAMO& rd., 6a. per week. Lock-op Shop PADGATE LANE, 7s. per week clear HOUSES in ORFORD AVENUE, 3d. per week. HOUSES in Norris St. 6a. lid. and 7s. per week. 4, Sorge St , 4a. Ed. per week. GORSE LANE, sa. per week.

BROOKSIDE COTTAGE, Penketb, semi-detached rent El Bs. 6d. month deer. 17, PINNERS BROW, Look-op Shop ; suit Butcher, rent 6. 6d. per week clear. 733, PINNERS BROW, good Shop, 7s. per week clear. 36, GENERAL STREEI, rent 9d. per Reek. 10, WE LLINOTON STREET, rent ss. per week. 2 and 4, SCHOOL BROW, Shop and Rouse, rent 4s. Gd. per week clear. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi.detsched, Residence ; large garden ; sunny situation ; reduced

MARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Double 03 See, most central position in town; good light; £l6. 43, NEW-ROAD, Rent 4a. 9d. r )o week. OFF SANKEY STREET, Warrington, 2 Storey Ware- house with cart entrance, rent £l6. 82, DALLAM LANE, rent 4s. 19, FIERFOINT STREET, rent 4s per week. Apply Roam'. Lows, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank Street Warrington, Telephone—No 55

===== 0002601_19110812_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Agriculture.

TLICRF LOAM, Kettering old cloy, for Carnations, 1 Mums, &e.; 21. ton ; truck loads delivered Cheshire and S. LIIIICI.—J, Dos, Park row, Nottingham

===== 0002601_19110812_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Ch.l

THE EXAMINER Series 0. wsga-nn KIWSPAPERS COMPRISILS : THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The principal and the oldest weekly paper for War- rington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate Lymm, &c., being one of the largest and boat weekly papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district covered by Oils paper comprises • large trading and egsicitural tract in South Lancashire and Mid- cllllHE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday trwning. t lathe best weekly paper in lowa and district, and offers the nest •nd cheapest facilities to advertiser.

fiIHE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every JL Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and an rapidly growing centre of industry.

THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The largest local paper containing the new. of Earleatown, Newton-le-Willowy, 001 borne, Haydock, Lowton. ac The district thus comprised is • moat important part of the Lancashire coalfields. MHE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, pribliebed every Satnrday morning, circulating In St. Helena, Preacot, Parr, Sntton, Neale. Cross U.—the centre of the glees, chemical and watcb. trsdes of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Three Si x Thirteen W..rds. Week. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 32 ... 11 Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 7s. 6d. 40 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... ss. Od. 13s. 9d. 48 ... le. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
ee)22isT & eOUNTRY.-WHERE TO STAY!

Southport

===== 0002601_19110812_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Hotels. Hydros,

Boarding

Houses

Miscellaneous.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Z dnoation•

NO MORE DISFIGUREME NT SUPERFLUOUS HAIR COMPLETELY REMOVED IN THREE MINUTES

by a new French Treatment.

No disappointment, no after ill-effect ; inespensive, For particulars send stamped envelops to

MADAME LUCILLE, 70, TIVERTON ST, CLEETIIORPES.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Medical.

THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY, AUGUST 12 mi.

The battle is over, and VETO VICTORY. the victory won! On Thursday night at eleven o'clock the Parliament Bill passed the House of Lords by 131 votes to 114—a Government majority of 17. Lord LANS- DOWNE prevailed over the " die-bards," and prevented the—to him—ignominy of a creation of peers by Royal preragative; and the will of the people prevailed after a struggle which has continued with lesser or greater intensity and bittterness for 80 years. The oldest of those among us who have been accustomed to give some portion of their attention to politics must have the most keen feeling as to th greatness of the thing that has been done. For it is something that is done once and for all,and something that will change in most material respects the political future of our country. It is not a revolution that has taken place; but it is something that if it ha i not been done now would inevitably have produced an actual revolu- tion. The thing is simple enough. The power of the House of Lords permanently to obstruct the will of the people is taken away. A. great power of obstruction and delay will still be left to the peers; but the the House of Lords will not in the future, as in the past, be permitted to delay necessary reforms from one generation to another. The debate which began on Wednesday, and ended in a triumph for the Constitution and the Government on Thursday night marks with a white stone the commencement of a new era.

In the whole history of English politics there has been nothing so remarkable as the differences of opinion which were made manifest by the debate in the House of Lords. Consider the situation. A complete deadlock between the two Houses of Parlia- ment is provided for by the Constitution. It is presumed that Parliament reflects and carries into law the will of the people; but as there are two Houses of Parliament, one of which is in permanent opposition to one Of the great parties in the State, it follows that the will of the people can never be carried into effect with regard to the very greatest measures when the party in power is that party which cannot command the assent of the House of Lords. If there is no remedy for such a state of affairs there would be perma- nent deadlock when the Liberal party was in power. But our far-sighted Constitution has foreseen this difficulty. There is a remedy for the obstruction of the House of Lords. It lies in the creation of more lords in any number that may be required for the pass- ing of a measure which the people have determined upon and the Lords have deter- mined not to pass. This is precisely the situation that arose and was dealt with by a firm hand. As the peers at present in possession did not wish to be swamped by new creations to a number which would cl7eapen their dignity, most of them proved ready, under the pretence that they bad been deprived of their freedom of action, to abstain from voting against a measure which Lwould have been carried against them by the Royal prerogative, whatever course they might choose to adopt. The bulk of the peers prepared themselves to accept the inevitable. Some others to the extent, say, of one-sixth or one-seventh or the members of the House of Lords, deter- mi; ed to do something heroic. They would I vote against the Bill which deprived them of their absolute veto on legislation, knowing very well that nothing could happen which would not take place irrespective of the fact that they had manned the last ditch. Their idea of greatness was based on their lack of humour. They had no notion whatever that they were heroes pour rire. Lord RIBBLESDALL put the case very powerfully and concisely the other day. He is not an enthusiastic sup- porter of the Government; he disagreed with

iber - man

the Government to such an extent, in that some time ago he resigned his mena ehip of ha. But Lord RIBBLESDALE is a with 1 great deal of commonsense; told the House of Lords that their up. "You cannot," he said to the lion, "go to the country with Tariff Reform round your neck, and the House of Lords round your neck." This is a wholly true thing admirably phrased. Its soundness is recognised by everybody. The discussion in

WHY

game

Opposi•

Reform

()CCU'

the House of Lords changed nothing, but the vote did! The people are at length coining into their own, and the flags may now flutter in the breeze to celebrate the triumph of popular government.

" May the moon shine THE TARIFF brig h.t.. on Lady _

In Mr. Balfour's speech MR. BALFOUR'S on Monday we had MISTAKE. again a mistake which

.. REFORM PICNIC. Greena " sang the children as they returned home from the much-advertised picnic to Frodsham on Thursday. It was hardly surprising that feelings of gratitude to her ladyship and her pet organization, the Women's Tariff Reform League, should be uppermost in the juvenile mind, for free trips on a large scale do not happen every day, and where is the healthy boy or girl who would not seize the opportunity of such entertainment, regardless of the source from which it emanated? We are fully conscious of the unpleasantness of the task of criticis- ing the action of any organization which would bring joy into the lives of poor children, but when it is sought to , gain a party advantage under the guise of disinterested charity, it becomes necessary to enter a protest. If the picnic had been the outcome of private benevolence, dictated solely by a desire to give pleasure to the little ones, we should have been the last to find fault with it. Had Lady Greenall pro- posed to give the treat as an evidence of her goodwill and as an acknowledgment of the fact that the family with which she has allied herself has derived so much of its wealth through the industry and thirst of the people of Warrington, we should have welcomed the kindly act. But the picnic ' was promoted by a distinctly political body called the Women's Tariff Reform League. In no sense can the League claim to be a charitable organisation, its sole object being to further tariff reform, and the picnic was obviously designed with that aim in view. Had an election been imminent, the treat would in all probability have been ruled by the law courts to be a corrupt practice. Was it any less corrupt because it was intended to advance tariff reform, to make it popular with the children and thus influence the votes of their fathers when an election comes? We wonder if these Tariff Reformers realized the difficulty in which their project was calculated to place every right-thinking man in the borough? The Tariff Reformer would doubt- less be inclined to say "I want to retain my self-respect and . vote for Tariff Reform . _ .

we have corrected so often (says the " Westminster Gazette, ") that we despair of making the point clear if we have not already (lone so. Mr. Balfour spoke of the King being placed in a position in which . .• . . .

the prerogat;ve under the advice of his blinistara was to be so used, and so misused, that inev:tably against suoh an action there must rise up nearly half hi, Majlity's subjects in these islands and a great deal more than half f his subjects in England are feeling that under the coeroion of the Government the prerogative ia to 1., used in flroor of causes on which uodoubtedly, so far as we know, the spins. of the people of this country are contrary to the opinions of the Government. Here we have the complete confusion of votes and electors. Let us repeat that while in England the polling at the last General Election showed a Unionist majority of something like 25,000 in votes, when a due allowance is made for plural votes the actual Liberal majority of voters could not have been less than 125,000. Unionists may make what capital they can out of the small majority they obtained in England in votes and seats, but they must not claim a majority of voters. _

Making a proportionate allowance for the uncontested seats—and deducting, so far as is possible, the plural voters—the Govern- ment had a majority at the General Election of 550,000 votes. That is a huge majority as our elections go in this country. As a fact it gives the Government a much less majority in seats than it might reasonably have anticipated on the basis of the General Elections of 1995 and 1900, which returned large Unionist majorities. Mr. Balfour is guilty of a special variation of the usual con- fusion when he goes on to extend the argu- ment from England to " the people of this country." Here is separation, indeed, for Mr. Balfour would not only exclude Ireland from any voice in our politics, but Wales and Scotland too. As a matter of fact, with- out any allowance for plural voters, in Great Britain the votes cast at the General Election were: Liberal and Labour 2,919,770 Unionist

because' believe in it. I do not want my action complicated by sops to my children." I The Liberal Free Trader was placed in the dilemma of not wishing to disappoint his children by debarring them from partaking of street along with their school fellows,while at the same time he would properly resent being placed under an obligation—although veiled under the name of charity—to the Women's Tariff Reform League and its ?resident. Stripped of the kindly ideas which were brought forward to cloak the motive, the picnic was nothing more or less than a gigantic bribe to the electors, through their children, to vote for Tariff Reform at the next election. Like all such practices we believe it will have exactly the opposite effect on the independent voters of Warring- ton, who have already been freely expressing their disgust at the introduction of this most objectiorable element into political warfare.

Liberal & Labour majority 150,171 To talk of this as a majority of Unionist votes is sheer nonsense.

The debate upon Mr. MINISTERS AND Balfour's Vote of Cen- THE CROWN. sure, was .especially

notable for the state- ment in which the Prime Minister, with the authority of and in accordance with the desire of the King, withdrew the veil that a well.founded etiquette requires to be main- tained under normal circumstances about the ' communications passing between the Sovereign and his Ministers. Mr. Asquith pointed out that on April 4th, 1910, he I informed the House of Commons, in language previously communicated to King Edward, that, in the event, which was then understood to bo certain, of the Lords' rejecting the Veto resolutions, he would' immediately " tender advice to the Crown, "and in no case recommend a dis- solution except in circumstances in which, if successful in the election, the will of the people might be carried into effect." But the death of King Edward led to a conference whereby it was sought to settle the constitu- tional question by agreement, and so spare the new Sovereign from the necessity of a grave decision. When the Conference broke down the Government decided to advise a dissolu- tion, but it would obviously have been unjustifiable to invite the electors to pro- nounce again upon the constitutional question without taking steps to ensure that that pronouncement could be carried into effect. The Government therefore laid before his Majesty their view that, if the election yielded an adequate majority for the Parlia- ment Bill, they could not take office unless they had an understanding that his Majesty would be ready, should the Bill be rejected or mutilated by the Lords, to exercise his con- stitutional powers" to secure that effect should be given to the decision of the country." His Majesty signified his assent after consultation with the Prime Minister and Lord Crewe. The elections were held; an adequate, an i more than adequate, majority for the Parliament Bill was obtained, the Lords carried, and evidently intend to insist upon, wrecking amendments to the Bill : and the King signified his will- ingness to create, if necessary, as many new Peers as would be sufficient to carry the Bill, unrnutilated. So the case stood when Mr. Balfour moved his Vote of Censure.

The Board of Trade OUR TRADE. returns for July do not reach the abnormally high level which we have become accustomed to expect in these days. During the month: Imports rose by £1,690,000 to £51,064,000. Exports fell by £3,780,000 to £34,608,000. . . _

Re-exports fell by £42,000 to .£8,178,000. But for the seven months just ended importsl and exports have reached the gigantic total of £643,472,394, or nearly 17 millions more than last year—the " boom " year—during the same period, and 79 millions above 1909. There is every reason to believe that the present set-back in exports is only temporary. 1 he movements of trade this year have been subject to unusual fluctuations arising from various causes, and probably the July figures are only a further example of this. July was characterised by considerable labour disturb- ance at the ports. At Hull, Southampton, Liverpool, Manchester, Glasgow, and in south Wales we had all work of shipping stopped for days together. These disturbances have affected the movements of merchandise, and when the totals for the year come to be made up there is little doubt that the temporary fluctuations will have adjusted themselves, and that the trade of the present year will prove to have been the largest in volume in our history.

The course which the

SHAMELESS Government pursued in QUESTION-BEGGING, the constitutional crisis

was, as Mr. Asquith justly claimed, "correct," "considerate," and "constitutional." In trying to prove the contrary, Mr. Balfour was unusually infelicitous. His reference to King George's " inexperience" in particular struck a jarring note. The fundamental weakness of his position, when he taxed the Government with want of consideration for - the Sovereign, was glaring since the responsibility for forcing a grave decision upon the King necessarily rested with the Leader of the Opposition, who, while he was unable to form an alternative Government which would command a majority in the Commons,persisted in driving matters to the last extremity. But Mr. Balfour endeavoured to escape from this awkward conclusion by the pretext that the King had been deceived. Was the King informed, he asked, that the difference upon which the two Houses might split was solely whether the Bill should pass with all its provisions, "with the exception that Home Rule and some other points, if dealt with by legislation and rejected by the House of Lords," should be "referred" to the con- stituencies? A more shameless example of question-begging phraseology was never pre- sented to the House. The Lansdowne amendments proposed to set up a novel and unconstitutional machinery which would make the Lords entire masters of the political situation, able to reject and " refer ' any measure, even if it involved finance, that They might claim to be of exceptional import- ance. On the other hand, the constituencies at the last General Election distinctly refused to endorse the Ilalfonr-Lansdowne Referendum proposals, and as distinctly Approved the inclusion in the provisions of the Parliament Bill of "Home Rule and all ether points."

WARRINGTON AGRICULTURAL SHOW. - -- Given a farruralile day, the 22nd annual show in connection with the Warrington and District Agricultural Society, which will be held in the beantiful grounds of the president (Sir Gilbert Greena Bart.), Walton Park, on Thursday next, promises to be • great success. Prizes, cups and medals to the value of are Effered for competition and there are classes for junipers, turnouts, shires, hunters, cattle, Ac. The entries, which total over 300. show a slight falling off as comptred with last year, but there will be exceedingly good exhibits of chime and cattle—in fact, the shires are expected to constitute a record, even for a show with mall • great reputation for heavy horses as the Warrington Show. Judging will commence at 9 30 a.m. and the gardens, park and show gr monde will remain open to the public until 730 p.m. The Band of the Cheshire (Earl of ('hester's) Yeomanry will submit a choi,e musical programme. Omn.buses will leave Bridge-street and Sankey-street at frequent intervals for the show. That increaeingly popular adjunct of the Warring- ton show—the Walton Flower Show—will also be I he'd at Walton Park on Thursday. There will be garieners' clime, for groups and collections of vegetudles and edt !dooms

- - The -reason• why the _ THE OPPOSI- Opposition moved their, NOTES AND NOTIONS. lON ARE FURIOUS. Vote of Censure is, as • ...MX Churchill pointed ',".-"...-"---.-..,.."--".....---- . at in his trenchant speech, because they are " Each child, must form up two abreast" Arious that they are in the position which was the delightful Irishism contained in the I /very Liberal Government has hitherto printed instructions to chief marshals in occupied, and the Liberal Government is in connection with Thursday's tariff reform the position which every Conservative picnic. Government has occupied. For once the I Liberal Government are assured that their legislation cannot be wrecked or rejected by the House of Lords. But it is only after the principle of this legislation has been assented to by three Parliaments and at one general election, and its details approved at another general election. The Liberal Party will no longer tolerate a system by which the larger part of the electorate is permanently relegated to a status of political inferiority.

1 0

Among the Government supporters of the Parliament Bill in the House of Lords division were 37 Unionist Peers and 13 prelates. These gentlemen are described by the "Times" as ' patriotic " and by the "die-hards" as " traitors " and men who put coronets before conscience. The split in the Tory ranks does not seem likely to heal yet awhile. o _ •

The only change in the outlook with regard to Warrington Bridge is the fact that the contract with Messrs. Alfred Thorne and Sons, the bridge builders, has now been signed. This should augur well for an early start being made with the work, and it is indeed high time that the justifiable impatience of the public was appeased by some move in the matter. * *

One feature of the tariff Reform picnic to Frodsham was the labelling of all the children with Tariff Reform badges. No doubt this was necessary to prevent any far-sighted Frodsham youngsters from mingling with the crush and getting a free treat, but the labels provoked some amuse- ment among Free Trade papas and mamas when the young hopefuls returned.

The Wom3n's Tariff Reform League picnic has been such a pronounced success that the Liberals ought to cast about to go one better. Could they not arrange to take all the War- rington Parliamentary electors (between the ages of 21 and 90) to Winwick, or some other accommodating country resort? Under the present laws there seems to be no limit to what may done in the name of charity, so why not bribe the people who really have the votes!

We are informed (though we did not see them/ that the collecting boxes for the great picnic which adorned the bars of the tied- houses bore the words "Treat to Slum Children." No one imagines that there are seven or eight thousand slum children in Warrington, and the merry crowd of youngsters who wended their way to the station on Thursday were on the whole remarkably well-dressed. The unfortunate thing is that when they had gone the slums seemed as full of ragged urchins as ever. Those who had needed the picnic most were left behind.

--------- • • From the Globe, July 20th, 1911. " With infivite labour, an attempt Las been ma le to sate the country from the unconsidered maim of the Geneisl Vec:ian, and ti zeserte I r te p-ople again question. affecting tLe Crown and the Comtitution."

This is an attempt to defend the Lords' amendments to the Parliament Bill—a clear admission that the peers have been trying to drive a coach and six through the verdict pf the electors.

• • The publication of the correspondence between Lady Greenell and Councillor Roberts relative to the organisation of the great picnic does not reveal any important , facts which were not given to our readers on Saturday, July 22nd. It is clear that her Ladyship made a determined attempt to secure the help of the schools organisation either with or without the consent of the Chairman of the Education Com- mittee, and her concluding letter betrays an exasperation which is surely somewhat foreign to a lady who has the reputatioi of being a good loser. .. . •

An intimate friend of Edison's, seeing a light burning after midnight in his laboratory one night in 1893, went in and found him so absorbed in his experiments that he seemed almost unconscious of the world around him " Tom," said he, " it's after twelve. Aren't you going home to-night?" " Twelve twelve," replied the g!-eat inventor, waking up from his review. "Twelve ! by George! Now I come to think of it, I was married I to-day. I must go home, sure!" Such is ' the story told in his biographies of the wedding-day of the remarkable genius who is now visiting London.

• • I was in Bank Park on Thursday after- noon (writes a correspondent) and on a form not far off sat a group of women—Tariff Reform Leaguers. The conversation— chiefly about "small, "—finally settled on the Strike Riots in Liverpool. 'What about the carters in Liverpool?" asked one.

what have they been doing? "Throwing fish in the streets and upsetting milk-cans &c., &c., &c. "Eh what are things coming to" sighed the chorus.

And I thought of OUT" practical member" qualifying for formamint tablets, along with I Brother Fred and Lord Hugh! - -

" Observer " write; to tell us that the other day as he was leaving the park a group of four Councillors were leaving the Town Hall—possibly, he continues, the Town Hall Parks and Baths Committee. This body, I take it, formulated the Rules and Regula- tions for the conduct of the park and doubtless "Keep to the walk " was one of these rules. The nearest way to the Conservative Club is across the green lawn, and our worthy representatives took thie " path "and kept to it. Numerous nippers— too young for the Frodsham outing—watched them. Doubtless some day they will be "boxed " by the gardeners for following the example of these thoughtful legislators.

Apropos of the laying of the new water main in Warrington, the following lines will awaken a sympathetic echo in the minds of many Warringtonians

They took • little gravel And they took a little tar With various ingredients Imported from afar; Then hammered it and rolled it, And when they went away They said they had a pavement That would last for many a day. But they came with ptclis and smote it To lay a water main ; . • And then they called the workmen To put it back again. To run a railway cable They took it tap mice more; And then they ppt it back again, Just where it eh before. They took it up for conduit To run the telephone; And then they put it back again As hard as any stone. They took Itop fur wires To feed the lecteic light, And then they put it back again, Which was no more than right. Oh, the pavement', full of furrow., There are patches everywhere; You'd like to ride upon But its eeldorn that you dare. Ifs a very handsome pavement, A credit to the town; They's always diggia• of it up Or pada* of it done

Arrangements are being made for the celebration of the centenary of John Bright's birth at Rochdale in November. Nothing Pefinite has been agreed upon as to the form the celebration is to take, but it has been decided to invite Lord Rosebery to deliver the chief speech in connection with the event.

„ Shyness is a great curse to the English nation and our unpopularity in some foreign countries is due to it.--Mr. J. S. Fletcher, RP., at Hampstead. The composition of light opera is no more beneath the dignity of a scholarly musician than comedy to a dramatist who can write tragedy.—Mr. Victor Herbert, in the "New York American.” _ _

No girl can learn too much.—Bishop of Lincoln, at Stamford.

, - o • "Ringing the changes " is perhaps the simplest as well as the most puzzling of swindles. A typical ar.d simple case occurred thus : A labourer asked a tobacconist for a pennyworth of tobacco. This is a recent police court case. He gave her a sixpence, Ind she gave him sd. change. He put a penny to the five-pence and asked for 6d. She gave him the sixpence, and he put it with the coppers, and remembered he wanted a shilling in silver ; so he gave the sixpence and the coppers for a shilling—and went away satisfied; ;

If the tariff is the mother of the trusts, corruption is the child of special privilege. This is a historical truth, though the status of the corruption has gradually shifted with the decay of personal and increase of popular government. , . . The whole tariff deal , is a dicker (a deal) in the artificial prices of domestic monopoly, by which the common people think they are gatting an advantage in prices and wages at the expense of, foreigners, while the enjoyers of special privilege know that they are getting an unjust benefit at the expense of all the people. This continual debasement of moral standards cannot go on without corrupting all the people in their business and political relations. Business and political graft are the fruit of education in the school of special privilege.—" Minneapolis Morning Tribune" (U.S.A.), January 27th.

Dr. Andrew Carnegie told an audience at Liverpool the other day that he had" taken to library forming because his father did it before him." William Carnegie's efforts at library founding were, an Edinburgh contemporary points out, extremely modest as compared with the work of his distinguished son. In 1808 Mr. Carnegie's Ifather was a journeyman weaver in Dunfermline. He and another two drivers of the shuttle met, and agreed to convey the lbooks they had in their respective homes to one house. The combined libraries only figured out twenty volumes. The pioneers were joined by other weavers, and they agreed to tax themselves to the extent of al few pence per month and from this fund purchase new books. The little institution ultimately blossomed into the Dunfermlior, Tradesmen's Library. •

I Under the headin; " k karernong ' fate," "The Arbitrator" for this month (which is edited by Mr. Fred Maddison) says " It is really pathetic to see how Mr. Robert Blatchford hugs the delusion that he has saved the Empire from some awful catastrophe. He imagines that it was his articles in the Jingo Press which !orced the Government to increase the Navy Estimates and so defer to a later date that German invasion which gives him so much trouble. The idea that Mr. Blatchford was as a voice crying in the wild?rness in favour of more warships is too funny for words. Of course, the truth is that he was just one of a crowd of alarmists, and his special value was not what he wrote, but his name. For years he had been the most successful writer in the Socialist ranks, and to enlist him in the service of the scare- mongers was regarded as a great gain. It is true that he did ,little more than sell a few more copies of a Tory paper, but it was an experiment which might have succeeded. All he did was to have his name coupled with Lord Charles Beresford as the champion humorists of two elections. A political leader has rarely had a worse fall."

---,-.--..,..„.....-..,-,„....,,,,...,-..., LOCAL PARS. Nol '.: Progresslie Labour Lugo/. ' At an open-air meeting at Biidge Foot ou Monday evening next the speaker trill be .Conticillor James Kendall, of Manchester Stockton Heath Garden Society. This society trill hold its annual summer show in Wilderspool Park to-day. Mrs. Legh, of High Legh Ball, will pei furm the opening ceremony. British llroman's Temperance Assoclatioe. A picnic to Frodsbarn ie advertised to tike place on Thursday next: August 17th, in connection with the above. All friends intending to go should meet at Bank Quay staii .n in time for the 2 o'clock train.

Naha and Sankey Skew. The 18th annual show will be behl . Saturday next, the 19th inst., in the field opposite the Infanta school, Warrington-road, Penketh. Prizes will be awarded for Sneers, fruit, vegetables and cage birds and a large rpunlier of entries bare been remind Palace and Hippodrome.

The Lords and their friends (says the "Manchester Guardian ") have come to grief because they have refused to recognise the primary law of English constitutional exist- ence—that each of the parts of the Constitu- tion lives subject to a fixed constitutional check upon disloyalty to the others. If an English King is undutiful, the Commons can refuse him Supply—that is the check on the Crown. If an English House of Commons is ' undutiful, the Sovereign can dissolve it—that is the check on the Commons. And if an English House of Lords is undutiful, then, as Professor Dicey says—: But here the peers shout No. That there should be any check on them is an "outrage," a "crime," "felony," "treason," Unlike the Crown, they are free from the check of Supply. Unlike the Commons, they are free from the check of D:ssolution. And now, with abuse, threats, and even some oaths, they demand to be free from their own allotted check too —the Crown's right to '• swamp" them when it agrees with its Ministers that they have persistently set up their will against that of the nation. It has been on their side a revolutionary enterprise, an attempt at I usurpation and at the defeat of the intention and spirit of the Constitution by releasing , one of its parts from all constitutional I restraint. Sober-minded Englishmen generally ' will be glad that it has failed, and almost every day now brings them additional reasons for being glad that it has failed.

Patrons o! this p.,pulxr ilace of entertainment are promised a capital programme next week. The' bill " la headed by Marie Santoi nith her company of merry Japs, and other attractions will include Harry M. Vernon's Co., in the" Three Thieves" and I le:4.ga Barnes and Irene Barnes, the globe trotters. loyal Court Theatre.

play which makea a powerful anwal to Lanes- alum audiences will occupy the boards at the !Wands-street house next week when Sheila Walsh's drama" Only a Mdl Girl" trill be the attraction. T6* piece abounds in strong situations and is exceptionally well stsged. The company includes Miss Sheila Walsh as Constance Darrel and Mr. Harry Fox well as John Raymond.

In a leading article in this month's issue the "Empire Magazine" takes up the unusual standpoint that it is justifiable on the part of the reigning monarch of this realm to speak out on Imperial matters which are above party politics. From this remarkable article we take the following striking passage • . . . _

Trorts, Croquet, Cricket sod other outdoor games J. S. GARLAND, ht to 51,13 ridge it, iVarriogtori.--A1 vt. Revisleg the Lists.

" There is the question of the peopling of the empty lands of the Empire. This is a matter which must be seen to at once. . . _

Mr. C H. M. Whrton, harristerst-law, will attend at the Town Hall, Warrington, for the porpse of revising the IMts of Parliamentary voters, burgesses, county and parochial electors on the following dates Friday, September Bth, at 11 a.m, and p m. ; Saturday, September 9th at 10 a.m. ; Monday, September 11th at 11 cm. Warrington Choir at•Corwen. . - . .

There is the retention of our naval supremacy and the urgent necessity of putting in order our plans for Imperial

befenc.

In the course of his kingly duties the I reigning monarch is called on to speak on Art, on Literature, on Science, on Hygiene I and on a host of other questions. Shall the King be denied the right to speak out on Imperial affairs which do not hinge on party politics? Surely not. There are many matters upon which the Empire requires guidance. And with the memory of that great 'Wake up, England ' speech still fresh upon us, surely we may look to guidance, direct, plain, commonsense guidance, from King George. On all great Imperial matters men of every shade of political creed would listen to him with attention and respect. All of us would be glad to hear His Majesty's views on Emition, on Imperial Defence, on the Navy On these matters we are as people sitting in

At th;Corwen Eisteddfod on Monday four choirs sang in the chief male voice competition for .+:3,/ and a Over cup to the conductor. First there appeared the Mainwaring choir (conducted by Raven Hill, Swansea), lAanfyllin (J. R. Roberts) second, Cefomawr (J. W. Bird) third, and Warrington (11r. Nesbitt) last. The test piece was " The Destruction of Gaza." The adjudicators said it was a marvellous competition between Cerninawr 'and Warrington for the premier place, but for variety of expression and high plane of artistic merit they placed Cefotnawr first.

fact, ber- nan he ow is In e

===== 0002601_19110812_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WESLEYAN CYCLING CLUB

For once during the season on Saturday last the club were prevented from their run to Penner by a rain yday, but the abisence of any grumbling marked ths apprecia- tion of the cool and refreshing downfall. Bank 1191iday, I however, had in store a good recompense in lidera weather conditions when the run was wade to floyiake 1.4 a Liverpool and Birkenhead. Thus the corn. Hoed plesaures of the country and the seaside were greatly enjoyed. Leaving Warrington (14 in number) 'shoat 9.15, staying in Birkenhead for lunch, Soylake was reached about 3.0 At West Kirby te• was partaken of and the run home was commersoed about G, travelling rut Cheater, but the team. of air from a tyre end the retention of gas by e lamp resulted in the time of arrival home bearing a somewhat distended relation I with the time table. Distance ;2 miles.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
darkness. Amid the babel ot voices we are left in doubt. The King we can trust. Let the King speak out.

Probably no bishOp o ti.day except the Bishop of Durham, reached so many people with his pen as the late Bishop of Oxford. His books "The Hallowing of Work" and " Christ the Way," have gone through edition after edition. The former little volume consisted of addresses delivered at 'Eton arn: have proved specially acceptable to teachers and preachers. Dr. Paget could not write hastily ; and after he became a bishop his opportunities of authorship were few. He inherited the exquisite exactness in speech for which his father, Sir James Paget, was famous. In drafting solutions he was very clever, and his colleagues on the Bench of Bishops turned to him in any emergency. • • • The ratepayer is a long-suffering animal. —Mr. John Burns. M.P., at Reading. Our furniture is too often the result of our deceased relatives' lack of common decency. —Mr.R.R.Buckley, in " T.P.'s Weekly." One of the tendencies of modern times is almost Serve revolt against love and charity —the cry of to-day is: "We want justice. ' —Bishop of Manchester, at Blackpool. The Briton has a traditional belief that the best business is the kind that can be hidden.—Mr. J. H. Collins, in the" World's Work."

The age of 40 is a more critical time in a person's life than we generally concede for them; men and women are tempted to get in a rut with fixed, unalterable opinions.—Mr. R. West rope, at Letchworth. Whatever progress may be made in industrial conditions, manual labor will always be necessary.—Bishop Keating, at Newcastle. There are scores of lessons that can be learned from games played rightly at school. —Mr. F. S. Jackson, at Leeds. The English people have naturally the pm-eminent gift of sanity and level-headed- ness.—Bishop of Ripon, at Harrogate. There is a tendency in modern education to glorify school buildings.at the expense of the essentials.—Mr. Swiney Walton, in the " Yorkshire Observer.'

The ultimate object of the community is the enjoyment of healthful life; it is not enough that we produce and sustain life.— Mr. H. F. Slim pans, in "Cassier's Magazine." There is a disposition among the masses to regard the man with education as in a class apart.—Lord Haldane, at Oxford.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
1300 Millers' Competition at Northerld:

I An inte,sting scefie was • itnessed n Monday on the river Weaver, when, in •id of the funds of the Northwieh Infirmary, over 300 anglers fished for LI 2 worth of prizes end the Mid-^halliire Cup. The latter was drawn for, F Redmond, Northwich, and George Mainwaring, Barnton, each taking.. egos' weight of fish. The other winner, were Collins, I Stretford, 11b. 131 oz ; Atherton, Winsford, 11b. s ' : !Owen, Warrington, lib. 3 z ; Maclean, Bradford, Ilb. 310 z.; and Hart, Latchford, 11b. 31oz.

CORRUGATED SHEETS. WI,. Netting, Rooting Felt Estimates Free.—J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt.

BUys Sad .End.

C;roner S. Brighoute conducted an enquiry at the Police Court, on Saturday. iuto the death of Sarah Coned!, the II months old daughter of Thom. Conniff, labourer, 152, Evelyn-street. Ann Conniff, the mother of the deceaaed said that at $ o'clock on Tuesday, the 1.. t just, she pieced the baby in a go-chair and strapped her in. She told her daughter I Mary, aged eigh, years. to take her out. About ten I minutes afterwards she heard that the child had fallen oat of the go-chair. The deceased was brought home and Dr. Liston was sent for. Death took place an Thursday the 3.d inst.—Hugh Payton, range titter, 142. Evelyn-street, said he was standing at the corner of Gornall-street, and Liverpool-road when be saw the girl Mary wheeling the go-ehair. In endeavouring to wheel it over the edge of the footpath the carriage upset and the baby fell nut. He picked the baby up and found it was bleeding from the month. Dr. Liston said that in his opinion death was due to concussion of the brain, the result of the accident. The jury retuned a verdict of "Accidental Death."

IreiHag at Orford. A pretty wedding took place at the Church of St. Margaret and All Hallows, Orford, on Monday, when Mr. W. Furness, eldest son af Ilr. C. Furnees, of Goraey lane, was married to Mis. Ada Woods, daughter of Mr. W. Woods, of Orford-avenue. Tbe they. A.. 1. Bran officiated. The bride. who 1t.19 given away by her father, was prettily attired in cream silk, with hat t match. Her bolt pet was composed of lilies aod roses She was attended by Miss Doris Woods who wore a pale blue dress with hat to match and carried a choice bouquet. Mr. J. Welfare a:teda• Lest man. Later in the day the newly-married couple left for North Wales where the honeymoon is being spent. Beak Holiday. The prospecte fir holiday makers were exceedingly gloomy on Saturday and Sunday, but happily Beak Holiday itself witnessed a remarkable change fir the better. The morning broke beautifully fine and the whole day was one of bridiant aunshine and Woe skies. There was. great influx from the town to various seaside and rural resorts, the heaviest traffio Icing to Blackpool, Liverpool, North Wales and Southport. There were also tripe to the more remote places like Windermere and Harmouth and they too attracted many passengers. The principal day attraction at home was the Warrington Football Club's athletic meeting on the Wilderspool grimed. In the evening there wet; Ida holiday &adieus' at thin theatres and picture palaces. A Strike Episode. Early on Thursday morniag five drays belongts.l.o Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons, Warrington, with crates of empty beer bottles, were on their way trona Liverpool to Warrington, tad a hen near Gatemen, Chuich, in Belle Vale-road, a body of strikers, some thirty-live or forty in number, stopped them and ordered the drivers to return. At first the driven demurred, but ultimately accepted the situa- tion, and turned their hones round. Ccostahle Anderson was in the vicinity, and he telephoned for assistance. Sergeant Alden,!', nub several c nstablee from Wooltoo, and Inspector Ashcroft and constables from Huron were noon on the scene, the W, olton men riding out on their bicycles. When the police were espied the strikers made if. With police escort the tourney to Warringtan onremarried. Several crates ad been thrown from the drays tad the bottles smaslied.

MOTOR C•REI for hire by the cisy or yresk.a.l.7 OaßtairD, St to 53, Bridge at., Warriegton.—Advt. I Warringtonlea's hoportsat Appointment. We are p!earted to announce that the Rev. Henry Gorse, M.A.. son of Mr. W. H. 4;orse, of M . Clare and Itidgways, Sankey Bridges, has been appointed to the important position of headmaster of Newark Magma Oranomar school. The rev gentleman was placated at the Boteler Grammar a chool,and prooeeding to Cambridge in /891 was elected a foundatioe scholar of ineen's College, in the following year. In 1894 he graduated second class in the classical Tripoe. He ma. an ardent footballer and Raised his college coloute for both Rugby and Association foot- ball. He is still keenly interested in cricket. and all kinds of outdoor sports. In 1895 he became asoistant master at the King's School, Roches•er, where it is interesting to note, be came into close contact with the late Dees Hole arlo was chairman of the Governors of the 'school, lie ettyect at Itocheater tu.til 190:: when be joined the staff of Liverpool Calks., which appiriutment be now vacate', Bagy Cagitao,4 special •lilui it 29/, Go-astts I rlrni.grotoi..o _6.—AL., S. GeRLAYD, 51 to 55, Bridge it, Wets Ckarsk Lads' Brigade la Carp. During the poet week three th ounand officers and boys of the Church Lads' Brigade have been under ,::.nose at breezy Skegness. The Wallington con- I' " -•-;n Ilead.••4 Lientenants tingenk tn"eonryse .. ~. Busch, Mosher. and Bracer...alp, met of Al,ll Cannons on Friday night and marcLed to tire Central St,',,,!ort. where they entrained ahortly after Id o'clock. The camp w:ot reached at 4.15. sill be! ,re noon the boys had tato part in drill. On Sunday there wan a church porade, de three battalionn assembling on the" A " training ground, where the Res W. White (brigade chaplain) preached. The music for the hymns was supplied II a Leicester hand. There wan a large attendance of visitor.. After service the lines at No. 2 Battalion were inspected by Colonel Simpson who was accompanied by Major Como, and he seemed satisfied with the general efficiency. Each day there have been interestinr drills, matches and manicovres in the morning, end the lads have been free to enjoy strolls in the pleasant locality all the afternoon. All havebenefitedby the stay, Skegoem being an ideal camping place. GARDVA FURNITURN.—Teats from lip, Hanomock Chairs Ss. Inept croon invited —J. S. Oemsno, I ronmoeger, Bridge st., Warringtos.—Adtt. Nalloesl Velem of Clerks.

At a meeting of tins -Warrington branch of this Union (stye the current issue of " The Clerk "I the Trades and Labour Council asked the branch to nominate a candidate for municipal honours. No member would stand. The secretary reported nu conference called by Mr Crostield in deflection with -- the laternatirmal Associatir D for Labour Legislation Sir Thomae o;iver and Mr. A. H. Crusfield, ex-M.P. for Warrington, are the two British delegates. It appears they are trying to get an eight-boor shift for all trades and professior s throughout Eutope and America. Will the readers f " The Clerk " send word to the Warrington Secretary MI to— ) In what industries work is earried on night and day ; (2) ;which of these industries work with two shifts, and which with three, whether partially or entirely through the factory ; 13/ how many men approsimately are working on the two-shift, and bow 11,any ou the three-abut system in each of the industries in qtrestion ; (I) in what industries or, long shifts worked at the time of changing %Lilts, that is to nay, where are men putting in an 18 or 21 hour shift. National Insurance Bill.—Decidesl that Mr. Read'. resolutions should be fought for. especially reducing the number from Motet to 2,500 in order to become an approved 0-dirty. Mr. Harold Smith, M.P., promised to support the Offices Regulation Bill, and stated that he was in full sympathy with the •ims of the N CC, se he had had a few years of clerical life, and know the hardships of the profeasioa. Mr. Rigby Swift, M P., would not give any definite promise until he had carefully studied the Bill, but he would he pleased at any time to have correspondence on sucks matters.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S DEATH. Midwife Exonerated from Blame.

The eat...ea i.quirY ,••pecting the death of Maud White (35i, wifn or Peter White, .al miner, 94, Athol- street, Newton Corunion, Earleetown, which took place at Oa Warrington I 'ni. Hospital on July alsr, wag conducted by his. S. Brighouse at the Coroner's Court, Warrington, yesterday. The decaued woman gays birth to • child on July With and after ber death, Mr. Taylor, resident insistent medical officer at the Warrington UM. Hospital, wrote to the Consort stating that in his opinion bail the supervial. of the midwife Mrs. Catherine Orem. of 17, C 1.,.... %lOW. Esilestownt, been NOM IfttiCl the deceased would not hare lost her life.

At tbe adjourned ingoeet, the evideoce was chiefly of • medical character, the wiineseea 'winding Dr. Lswrence, Dr. Taylor and lie. Valentine' The opinion was e x peered that a wound, which entreated the coiling in of • doctor at gri earlier stage, might have been overlooked by the midwife. The Coroner read a letter from Dr. Sergeant, medical officer for the county of Lancaster, under the Mid- wives Act Committee, in which he alleged that Mrs. Green bad contravenel one or other of the Central Board Midwives rules. She had reclaimed to be removed from the roll and that was being done. Dr. Valentine, of Earlestown,teetibed in Mrs. Green's favour. It. attended the deceased at the birth of her Ant child two years ago and she wan then no week that he told her it would be absolutely deanery for her to have medical attendance at any future coefinement.

Tbe Coroner stated that in view of the medical opinion that it was poesible for •certaiii iojory to have been overlooked, it would he a waste of time to inqublire further whether the midwife wee criminally lise. The jnry returned. verdict thst death was dim to Imortierol hew, ised they attached no blame to th• midwife.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
BRAKE iAti.uaL

Great whence has been made in the design of braises sod a number of firms have realised the Important, of rendering adjortment envy. Bet cues of brake failure are chronicled all too fropteetly, and these run, Otos be traced to the trouble involved wham they come to be refined. Human miter, leads the driver to defer • difficult task, sod thus many mini ore on the road which have only one set of really ethcient brakes. If the.. give way, the driver may be helplees in • dengerretw sitoation. It would be most intereetieg if one de, a hundred cars passing a given point on any main road were stopped for • brake test by rixet. The proportion of the vehicle* harlot, every brake le adjum te nt and perfect working order would rirr=dy cense some astonishment.—" Country Life."

A case of considerable interest to drivers end cyclists 'tying (lrappenhall-roal, Stockton Beath was decided at the Dar,-.bury Petty Se.irins which were held at the Hall Cafe, Stockton Heath on Tueeday before Nleasta. L. Greening fpreelding), ii. Dakin and W. Pletcher, when Gibson Mareball • fern spersotice of Mr. Broady, Wither win Farm, Appleton, was charged with driving horse and cart on the wrong Cris of the toad. Mr. A. Broil no appeared for the defendant. Leonard Dakin aged 11, Cawdor-street acid thet shout 1.30 on July 13th be i consi any with Samuel Bertram Brocklehurst wart cycling *long London-cord. When they came to the 311dberry Tree they turned up I rappenhal I road. Ile war on the left side of the cord tied Just as they turned the corner a milk Ilet of which the defendant wee the driver ran fete him rind knocked him oft The float wan on its wrong side. Ile wan picked up bye trio driver who gut hie leg from oat of the spokes of the wheel of the bicycle. This Iva. corroborated by Samuel Bruckleburst. Mr. Browne 11‘id he admitted the facts stated with the exception of the ntatenient that his client ran into the Ind. lieu the lad who ran into his client. _s__

Farther, he quote] the case of Finegno v. the London and North-Western linilwny Company, reported in —1 ha Justice of the Pence" for October 18.9 in which Mr. Justice Denman said " Now ,it has been held, and always held, that there is no such rule of the road aa to make the left always the proper side. There are runny old ogees which go to prove that, nni it will be idle mail &blood to lay it down as law that where there is danger in keeping to the left thnt the vehicle is hound to keep to its left nod incur the danger, when the road is clear end there is no danger in going to the eight." Ile contended thnt these proceedings ought never to have bean tyinght lot, Court, they ought to have been left too civil court. I, might sppenr to be a paradox, hut altbongh they ought to be on the left side they had a right to go on the right side in the circumstances. There car, he coutended, no case for him to answer.

The witness Brockleleirst, in answer to Mr. Browne, f aid that side of the toad wan always used when a tram vine in the nay. Evidence was tendered by William Ciente Warburton a tram driver, as to seeing the accidenL Ile also remonstrated with the defendant for driving so quickly round the corner. In answer to Superintendent Eunion witness laid there wee room enough for the defendant to pass the car on his proper site. The defendant stated thet the boy was looking round him instead of looking where he was going. Toe first ley ',waled him alright. The Chairman said the Bench were of the opinion that the defendant was on the e rong side of the road and he would be tined On, Including costa.

I n tile OU !US

THE WRONG SIDE OF THE ROAD. SEQUEL TO ACCIDENT AT STOCKTON HEATH.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Borough Police Court.

SAV:RD\V.—Before Nleters..J.W. Hayward ;in the chaii:

A.J. Jolley end T. Pemberton. Assort? WITII .1 KNlt'L—liste Magnall, Stocey Yard, Rank-street, was charged on remand with nessulting Selina Rourke. Inspector Williamson said that about ten o'clock on July 27th defendant who had Seen drinking went to Mr-. Rourke and began to Me ft ii languege. A struggle canoed and it is alleged 'hat the prin. nor tried to strike the complainant on the head with a knife but the lut up her hand to me herrelf whereupon her hand was badly cut between the thumb and first linger. She then ran into the house to wash the wound and the prisoner being unable to follow threw stoners into the house. The complainant then came cut intending to go to the Infirmary and the prisoner again runhed at her and struck her—Dr. 1 Maley from the Infirmary stated the wound required n couple of stitches. The wound at first did not heal end caused him a great of anxiety but it was cow progressing more far.ourably.—Sergesnt Stewart said arm sr bin charged, the prisoner replied that the cc mpiniannt tried to etrike her with. can when ate had a knits to her hrud and the knife struck her head. Eight previous convictions were proved against the Irthour.lanner eho en, Sent, to gaol for a mouth's he d p

Me:, DA V.— Bt re the Masor ,in the chair), Aldermen Bolton and .Smel horst, Messre. 1%. Roberts, H.

Thornton and G. Pilling. Wit It 0111,1 t, Sirs.— Mary Clarke. 3 Pilling'. court, end Kate Murray, charwoman, 3, Pill'ing'a-court, were charged with stealing £2, the money of Thomas McLoughlin. Itoth pleaded rut guilty. Inspector Williams. n raid that the prisoner Clarke lived at the shove addrese with her husband while the other prisoner lodged with them. The previ, MI day the complainant f aid a visit to the house and etayed the night. Com- plainant stayed in the kitcsen with the hothead all night. The text morning the complainent ars nt out and •gain returned and went to sleep. He then had in his poserssion three talf.sover. igns end some odd silver. The gold less wrapped in paper nod all the money tree In hia trGusers gweket. When be "vole the money was missing not Le could not fled the two prisoners. lie gave information to the police. 'I he prisoner Murray %BS arrested God when charged denied ell keowledge of the money. She also stated that she had no money upon her but upon being searched ss. was found concealed in her tricot. 'llse other prisoner when arrested was the worse for drink and acted ins very disorderly mariner. %Imlay afterwards made. statement that Clarke took the money and said she would take care of it until the complainant awoke. Shelhen gave Murray ss, and told hi r she could pet her things Oct of pawn with it. The compininsot stated that he was related to the priconer Clarke. lie bad previously stayed Gt the route and missed some of his money. Last Christmas while it ere he missed £3. Two previous convictions were proved against Ciarko who was sentenced to two months hard labour Lot as there was no previous record against Murray she was sentenced to one month's hard labour.

On St ,I•trioN.—Margstet Cole, of no settled abode vas charged on nonpicion nub stealing a gold brooch, the property of soma itniuogn 'worsen. Inspector Williamson in asking foes remand stated that the pritioner sold the brooch ton little girl on Saturday for :;d. Prisoner stated that ale found the brooch but an there bad tot been time to complete enquiries she was remanded fort week,

DiueeDe.Y,--.Before Mem.: .3. Rymer_ Wong „in the

chair) W Roberts, W IticharL"Ou, A .1 Jour7, L Woods and Dr Nathan. Welt, ripe SA W.—Jobe Price, stranger, wte charged with steeling a youthiv jacket value 7,, from a chop 11, florsemarket street, the property of Dolan Brow—Chief Inspector Williamson said the jacket was hung outride theshop early the previous morning. At 430 in the afternoon it was seen to be safe by one of the assistants. Prisoner wee found by PC. Coombs trying to remove the name from the jacket sod the constable, being suspicious, questioned him and he replied that he bad bought it in Mancheater for 73 ill. The Constable not being satisfied took the prisoner to the Police Siation where le admitted the theft. As there had not been sufficient time to male thorough inveetigations aa to the prisoner's character, Inspector Williamson naked for a remand until Monday.—This was granted.

ATTEMPTFD Ann Hector, 22, Manley-street, was charged with attempting to commit •uicide at Quay Fold. Chief Inspector Williamson stated that the defendant was seen by thrt e young men to get one foot over the fold and attempt to throw herself into the river. The men rushed up awl prisoner was taken into custody uy P.C. Berry. When ' charged at the Police Gtation the prisoner replied that she wanted to drow a herself as there was no pleasure for her at home.—A son of the prisoner stated that I there bad been family unhappiness. The ate's-father had ill-treated her and then went away and they had not seen him for a wee —The Bench discharged prisoner on her promising not to attempt to connuit such a rash act again. Lori, INtl-1101,P. Arrit..,V.—Edward Mullin. • lodging•house habitue, was charged on remand from the previous day with assaulting John Mallon, on Tuesday last. Ile pleaded guilty, tut, in self-defence. Chief I nal:sant Williamson said that the prisoner and the complainant were staying in a lodging-house, 12, Ship-yard. Complainant was sitting in the kitchen when the prisoner canto in and laid" You area fight- ing man, I'll hare ado with you." Ile thereupon struck the complainant on the head with none weapi n which the complainant did not see Complaitant had to he treated at the' Infirmary but the wound was not of a dangerous character. Prisoner stated that the complainant went about challenging people and the previous Saturday, without any provocation, he challenged the prisoner to fight. It ens • fair tl,tht and if the complainant had not got the worst of it they would not bare heard anything else about it. He denied having any weapon in his hand.—lnspector Foster sold be arrested the prisoner and In the house were a number of people all the worse for drink, the prisoner being the most sober of the lot.—The Chairman said the Benda were of opinion that the prisoner seemed to have lost hie temper but as the evidence was not satisfactory as to whether he had a weapon and as there bad been a certain amount of provocation, he would be discharged.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Independent .Order et Oddfollows Nan.

chaster Ueitr. At the ad;ourned District Meeting held at the Pelican Hotel on Satorday, P.P.G.V. T. P. Bradshw and P.P U hi. Frank Webe.er (corresponding were- tary) were appointed to attend the special conference in connection with the Natinnal Insurance Bia, to be held at Loncl9n no a date to be fired by the Bard of Directors.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Charc

wActrzairiG

RELIGIOUS e-SOC/A,

Pliot

vo 0. !lAA.. - ; ,

-- TON r h

. . -.• .• ..........,.... v • I .49''Ir • r . , i' .. • ).. r • , '' • - • r• 4,,, --- - 't ..., • , ''',' i/e) , .. . . i • * C " •••• 1: • I .. .. 1 , = A - J, , t 11 . • 1 It c''' itts 1 , . - , ... . 4.• . i --- _ --7 410 .40 ..77:7- . , iI , ,f i - 11---: twos_ 1,1 _t.........* „...-- - ... 11;*111 .mma. , . 1111.1 lii Li I _...... 1-7--. . ~ .4 • ~ . 1 . 1 N L .4_, .., ~....,..„., ._ _. ,J, ' • 11111 ft ' i i 1 I '<, Biorre/l

===== 0002601_19110812_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRIST CHURCH, P AUG ATE.

Christ Church, Padgate, is a comparatively modern building, the parish hav'n t been formed in 1838 as an off-shoot of the ancient parish of Warrington. The church, which was built when the Rev. and Hon. Horace Powys was Rector of Warrington, has a pleasant rural situation and its interior arrangements are tasteful and dignified. There are two beautiful large stained glass windows and a handsome reredos. The present vicar of Padgate is the Rev. G. W. Dickinson, M.A., a former curate at the \Warrington Parish Church.

NEW WE iLEIAN MINiFER FOR PA')GATE

The Rev. Ebenezer Morgan, of Liverpool, has been appointed to succeed the Dv. Thomas Wadding at Padgate Wes'eyan Church. Mr. Morgan was born at Abe .ystwyth ia /452 and, like many another Wedeln began his cateer in training for a sch tat,. It was while be was an aradatant master at Dewabt ry that he offered himself as a candidate for the ministry and , ' as accepted. After leaviog coll.ge, Mr. Morgan's first circuit was Hail filt rate-yard) where he remained two years, afterwards going to Liverpool (il rove- street). Since then lie has travelled in some of the most important circuits in Methor ism and dining his super- intendence of the Birmingham (Ant a Park) circuit he had the ea isfaztion of seeing the long-standing debts oa va-i Ali trusts reduced t, the extent of nearly I. In the course a an appr-ciation in " 'The Methodist Tmies " Mr. Harry Lindsay writes, • Rut ' Mr Morgan is not merely a financial genius ; he has • . time for other things also. A warmer temperance advc,ste no circuit could wish. I remember hearing on, of Mr. Morgan's temperance addretves in hie Cardiff days, when he was temperance secretary in the Cardiff and Sera nsea District, and the impression ,cieated by his fery our and f. .reef alness can never pass away from my mind. Many of tl e readers of ' The Methodist Times ' sill recall some of his con- tribution, to the Press on temperance subjects.

Of c:tirse, Mr. Morgan Las nublisted many other things, and whi'e on this point I might mention his remarkable little pamphlet, ' Why I run a Methodist,' of which the late Rev. Thomas Champne,s printed and sold 19,Trt copies for the benefit of the " Joyful .!:erwe Mission. Besides these, Mr. If irgau 11 the author of two volumes of sermons, ' Christ ut the Well' and ' The Calls of God,' b .th priblisbesi by ' our own Book-room. By the bye. Professor Stalker, the author of ' Imago Christ, has spoken very favourably of ' The Calls of God.' Writing to Mr. Morgan. the Professor says:—' I la,ve long been acquainted wirh your The Calls of God.' . . I often read your book with ap•recia- tion, and I know it to be a solid and vital piece of nork which well deserves not only the success it has already attained but a still wider diffusion." Throughout his ministry Mr. Morgan has always kept abreast of the times. Not only is he on rap:ore with the latest theological scholarship but in the wider fields of human affairs he is always to ths forefront. For instance, with regard to the new movements for de equipping and training of boys, Mr. Morgan is an ardent disciple and an enthusiastic worker. Be believes that It ye Brigades and Bops' Life Brigades are capable of rendering efficient work, not only to the lads themselves, but to the Church and to the country at large. The a object of the Boys' Life Brigades is to lead the boys into the service of Christ and to train them for an actve. di.ciplined and useful manhood, and hence Mr. Morgan throws himself heart and soul into the work. Tones him in his regimentals, as chaplain of a brigade, is a sight for sore eyes, and ..hows how well a Methodist minister can adapt himself to the changing times. Once you put a bell and a cap on a boy," he says, " the rid...dater acquires an influence over that boy which he might not otherwise obtain." Answer- ing the question whether such training does n.t savour of orilitarism, he insists that the object of the Brigade, is not to make the boys into soldiers but to teach them the habits of self-respect, obedience, courtesy, and he!pfulness to . other.. n . With such up-to-dste ess hi• methods, it is little wonder that Mr. Morgan is the successful minister that he is. Somehow, he seems to have found the secret of perjetual youth. It is true that the " Minutes " would give the lie to that statement, but even the " Minutes " must not always I* regarded as an infallible witness in such matters A man is never any older than he feels, and Mr. Morgan's wholeheartedness in all be undertake., his L ready accerauce of ar y new tnethols that he feels

will make for the bluer ekd of the Church or for the good of the people themselves, his lively interest in all human affairs, and above all his cheery optimism, prove him to he a very young man, despite the calendar. In all bin tffmts Mr. Morgan has always bees right nobly seconded by his devoted wife, while his children have proved themselves real helpers in the circuits in which their lathe; has travtlled. The whole family live for Methodism and give their whde hearts and energies to the work of tiod. floppy are the circuits in which such ministers an Mr. Morgan labour, and happy the church that raises ‘tich faithful sons'

, • 1, Atievot, i MIE 4V1416N , Nail!)

===== 0002601_19110812_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Pees Garden Fete.

The proceed. of the garden fete sr d saleof erark in connect ion ...ill St. ['Aura Chereb, held et the Love., Lodge.laue, Beoritey, la,. week, arao,,nt to whout

===== 0002601_19110812_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
St. John s Church Guild.

The members of St. John's Church Guild, althoogh they, of course, discontinued their fortnightly meet- ings during the Ell.mruer months, by no means thereby ceased their acti•it tee. For the summer treason n series of outings end rambles sing arranged. nod on alonday last (Sank h didav) 0/10 of he most et.jovaide of theta took place. The 'district visited wan Dunham Park and . vicinity. A party of between twenty and thirty left Arpley Station at one o'clock in the site/neon by trait f. r Dunham Masrey, a hilat sent rat more e'ected to make the jeurcey by cycle Arrived at Dimhitro the pa ty explored the beau ins of the rark and surround- ing., beteg favoured with most brilliant it eather. It the late afternoon all assembled for tea at a wayside cottage, where some alarm was emend by the unwelcome httentions of a exam of awes. Ibe gent], men, however grillant ly drove off tl.e invaders, and tea NM thoroughly enj tyed. The return was by war of Ileatley and Lymm. At the I .tter ',lace some ok train for home, but the noit e ei t tuniastic, " ramblers" continue! the retutri j "irony on foot reaching home at •It At: tan o'clock af.er a very pleasant day'. outing.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P S.A. Society.

Otrieg to the holidays there seas botapron attend- ance .oth, meeting of this /owlet y on Sunday, presided over by Mr. A. Henley, who spoke ups bin loving attachment to tie P.S.A. at lVolliu. Ile arid he had just reache I his three so ore Neat, end tea and hi was glad to be still amongst thorn. Tho Secretory congratulated the Chairman upon having reached the age of N. IJr. Healey vas about 52 when the I'.S.A. started and he had r.mmined with thorn up to the I present. Ile most heartily moved& vote of congrstula- ' tion to Mr. Healey and withel him tt iny hanpy returns of the day." Mr. W. 11. Payton, Mu, 800, seconded tbe motion which was enthusiastically received. Mr. Ilimvw omit spoke upon " lite arm, gates on the four sides " spoken of by St. Jobs in his Itevelatioa. The pates mecca grand opening for all the world, carrying out Gol's reit love to mankind, ,F Christ hsving g me to prepares piece for ell them that loved Him and were willieg to obey Him. Mr. I). ItlcEachern and Mr. Joseph Ostia took part in the meeting.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
Kent street Mission. Re-opening and Dedication.

The re-opening and dedication service in connection with Kent-stieet Undenoininational Misaion. which has been practically rebuilt, xas held on Thursday, when • large congregation assembled. Mr. John I.ongehaw of Withington occupied the chair, rind eupputing him were Allif nut. James F.vans, and Mews. A. aci T. W. Wright. Although the exterior is not vary pretentious, inamedlately uptra entrance one cannot bit be struck with the neat awl comfortable appearance of the oda-slum The walls, which have been rdsei an additional 5t0., are composed of stucco pliacer with a dado boarding. The seating accommodation Is estima'ed at 350, while the incatilsscent ligh•ing Is most satisfactory. A new feature is the addition of classrooms for Sunday school work.

—Letters of neology were read from Councillor lienshall, who wee unavoidobly absent through illness, and Miss Bessie Dutton. \lr. A. Wittt, wr said he took a gr.., intere,t in the inhabitants ot the neighbourhood, and it enhanced his pleasure to be present that evening, as be could say without hesitation that that minion had been erected to the glory of God. This was their fourth meeting p!ece. and hewn, glad to se. present tint evening some persons he could remember seeing at their Pest plaoe at 12. it. earstreet. Thousands of houses hid been tenantel in that spot during the last 2,1 yews, end he thought that • justification for tbe object they had jolt cora- pleted. From their meeting plece at Kent-street they transferred to linvilleatreet, and it seemed as if they had hardly got there before circnmetances c (repelled them to reek larger premises. It only seemed the other day when they laid the that none to the old mission. When th it was erected it wan thought it would serve their day and geueration, but it had not dune so. They met that night under far more comfortable and desirable conditions from many point. of new. It was the result of the atrehorus labours of their forefather., for nhoru be felt great admiration, that the laud was now filled from end to end with places net epart for the worship and glory of Clod. liven afraid, however, that the elaborate places now erected rather tended to drive !away than attract the people. It ssaa the greet trust that had bees banded down to them by their forefather. that they had to n sintaio, and that war a great respoo• sibility. He believed that that building had been erected to carry on • good work. Alderman EVANS said that it mattered sot what kind of a house or under what conditions the service was held because Cl, it ass a epirit and they that worshipped H im must worship in spirit end in truth. Although their fashions end cost.. were changing every day God wee alweye the same sad never changed. He t bought the house of God ought to be • seat tanorescle, Is the initiation of things so far as the church of God seas concerned, it was simplicity in all its beauty. The responsibility of success rested upon everybody Ninny and it wan their duty to get to Ito.e the mind of God so th.it they could set themselve, to follow it. Le (Alderman Evans, was note member of that miesion hut be wee • co-worker alth all Christi*ns for the Balm ioo of LW world.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE A 4W. bottle makes 2 gal:ons cf del.c.ons Home-made Lemonade, produced solely from Lemons and Sugar. The Safest Summer Dr.nk.

THE TERRITORIALS.

THE SECOND WEEK AT FARLETON.

Skil 1..,1

A great change in the weather took place last night. About 10 o'clock rain net in and very /mon the camp anal the reads in the vicinity were in a terrible state. Reveille sounded at 4 a m. to-day sod the men turned ut in the pc tiring rain for a ahem fight with the Yeomanry. The oppx-ing forces met 0.1 Scout Hill and some very sharp skirmishes took pace. On one occasion, a section of the Warrington force. were lined along a wall when one of the men reported the Yeomanry machicie gun and escort riding up a cross road. The sergeant in charge immediately concealed his men and as the um tcpecting hussars ruin up, be and ha party Jumped over the wetland put the enemy out Of amt.. The facet of the cavalry avers pictmes cf astonishment. .Msjor-Oeneral It thhne witnessed this little epsorle ia the light aud expre-eel his approval of the serwriar.'s tactics. On another occasion, one of the signallers saw a small party of the enemy's ecout'l riling up the road, surveying our position, and galloping off with the information. He deemed it his duty to Inform the cearest officer and the next time the !scouts came for information, they got it with • vengeance from half a company of our troops and the cyclists. Rain poured incesmntly all the tune and everyone was drenched to the skin. On the" cease lire" bring sounded, the companies were taken hick to camp independently' most if them 5. trig at the double." The men found hot coffee ready Lr them and aloe a change and a good rub down, scone felt any the w.,1110 for the morning', work. The rain ceased LI about an hour in the afternoon anal then the camp as-tamed the aspect of a laundry drying ground, lines being erected along each company's line and khaki uniforms puttees, shirts, stockings and other article. were sus- pended on the-m to be dried. Very few men kft camp to-day, although cheap excursions were being ran to Morecambe, Blackpool and Windermere. Sconay.

The rain is still corning down in torrtnts and the Cl.urch parade had to be abandoned. The thh and 10th (ScottirM), Liverpo In were more fortunate as their nervier inrre held in the Y.ll CA tent. Many of the local battalion attended one or another of these parades, when very inspiring addresses were delivered by the reepecrive chaplains. Th. weather e'eareil up alinut 4 o'clock and miiny min left ramp, mo-t them walking to Burton nil Manthorpe. while a few got to Kendal. A Lervice was held in the evening in Lbe V.IIC.A. tent ad was very well attended. MONPAI.

The weather prrapects are more promising, and a strorg west wind is Wowing. Most of the men's clothes are dry. The commandieg officer inspectel the company lines before breakfast. • All the meo were v, ry I,usy after breakfast preparing their fu'l marching order for this afternoon. line t fficers and section commandet s inspected the compsnies in their own lines, pointing out little defects in the fixing of the new equipment. Dinner was served at 11.15 awl at Id 30 the battalion left the camp for a tactical march. The W'arrington men had to act as an advance guard to the brigade. They were ace ,nr- pi flied by the band, machine guns, cyclists and signullers, and haversack rations and filled water bottles were carried by the troops. The route taken V 784 a very circuitous use t Kirkby Lonsdale and back, a instance of abrut fri niiles, the camp beirg reached about seven o'clock. Tire ground is now very in, considering the incessant rain of the past two days. A ‘• 80,e feet " parade WIIS held on the return to ramp, and those men whose feet %sera blistered were attended to by the medical officer and his m's. ftTIZIDG E.

FIELD FIRING WITH BALL CARTIIIDUE.

This morning reveille was sounded at 3.45. Coffee was served at 4 15 and at 5 o'clock the battalion moved off to take part in a new experience. All the brig.de, together with the Artillery, were ordered to attack Farlet to Fell from the east of Lupton. Instead of the usual blank ammunition, the 10th (Scottish) Liverpools were armed with ball cartridges. Great care had been taken to keep the spec'ators fr.ma the danger area. Targets had !teen erec'ed on the IdII to represent the enemy and on the conclusion of firing, these were inspected and favourably reported span. The rest t f the brigade and the artillery kept up an incessant fire with blank ammunition on the flanka ' and in the rear. 0.1 the 'charge" being sounded, a a magnificent spectacle was witnessed, the Scottish " doubling " up the hill in splendid f,rmation, covered by a pouring fire from the rest of the troops. A Inum'oer of men were ordered to fall out as casualties. 'Labels were attached t r their clothing and they were treated in w •rkmanlike fashion by the ILA MC, but it sounded a little strange when one heard a "wounded" soldier telling his comrades he had a fractured jaw. Brigadit r-General Vertchoyle inspected the battalions during the day. The weather is beautifully fine and a x.entle 14er or keeps the trmreratur a down a little Many of tie men have taken advantage of the half holiday and Lave left camp. \Vrtot situ. Another very interesting day was spent to-day. At t; 15 am. the battalicn were cut under the company officers, practising company drill. Breakfast was served at and the battalion moved off at 0,30 to take part in a tactical scheme. This parade was held in shirt sleeves, • change mach appreciated by the men as there cans broiling sun. The' enemy" con- sisted of a skeletoa force wearing whits hat bands, under the commend of Mejor Appleton and Sergeant- Instructor Hackett. The rest of the battalion made a circuitous march through Elmsfield and discovered the enemy on Higging Head, overlooking Wirth Sutt tn. A galling fire was poured in from the front and on both flanks, and when the time came for the final charge, the men rushed up the 101 l with shouts of victory. The weather is very hot and many men left camp In the afternom. Tourtantv.

The hot weather still contihnen and the local battalion again paraded in shirt-sleeves. Colonel Fairclough ii this morning acting an Brigadier while the battalion in under the temporary command of Captain It. Bindle, 4th Loyal North lancaahirew who is 9ualifying an Major. Major F. M. Appleton. officiated as one of the umpires while Captain C. F. Carey acted as major. he enemy " consisted of the Scottish battalion eight 'maim gone. They were oppoeed by the rest of the brigade assisted by the artillery. The canny were supposed to have been reinforced In m the north and occupied Lindale during the night and had marched out to Park If ill and Morn Side during the early morning. I tur orders were to drive them back. The liendluarters were estaldislP-1 at St Anthony'. [louse from which a commanding view of the enemy's .position obtained. It appeared from an cnlooker a point of time that the " invaders' were overwhelmingly beaten. The hAttalion arrived back in camp about three o'cL ck. The Lancashire Hussars held acme very interesting sports this after- noon, the events including wrestling on hois,back, , teat pegging and cther events suitable fur cavalry.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BETt7RN HOME.

The Battalion will rg.turn to Warrington Cu Sunday ire two train., the first of which will artive at Dank Quay •bcot 12.15 p.m.

INJURED OFFICERS.

Major B. Fairclough who, as reported in our last issue, sustained a fractured rib through being throwu from his h rse, was removed to his bone in Warning- too on Tuesday. Captain H. Roberts, while lead- ing his men in an attack on Saturd,y during the heavy rain, slip Fed in getting over a wall, and dislocated lie knee. After bring conveyed to camp in the ambulance he was also sent home to Warrington lon Tuesdny.

ROY'S FATAL PLAY. DROWNED IN THE WEAVER,

OuThorsday sfternooo, • little boy, named William Richardson, age.i ten, of Weatfleld-road, Runcorn, went along the towing Who( the river Wee•er Canal from Weston Point, accompanied by his younger brother, for the purpose of gathering blackberriee. lie was swinging a stone attached to soiree of al ring when it ia supposed In became dizay. Ile fell into the water, and his younger Lroi.her raised the alarm. Assistance wag soon st band, but the holy was not ecovered until last evening.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE PICNIC.

LADY GREENALL AND THE CHAIRMAN OF THE EDUCATION COMMITTEE

Copy of Correspondence

To THE limn. " AinNrit,

The letter addressed to you by Lady Greenell as printed in your last inane compe's me to publish the correspondence which ha. passed between her lady- ship and myself and at the same time to give some information not contained in the c rresp ,ndence. lont which in the greater pirt—if not wholly—is within her Ladyship's knowledge and has an important beating upon the question at issue. On the sth of Julv last I re e iced an and ited letter from Lady tireenall as fellows

Walton Hall, \Carrington.

I tear Courcillor llolmtte, You will probably have heard that we are getting up a treat for the poor children of Warrington between the ogee of 6 and 10. We are rather bothered a• to how to give out the tickets sr that there may be no mireake. you think it possible that they rood be distributed at the schools, as then the teachers would know that the children were the tight age. We could send someone to each school to distribete them imme- diately after school hours if the teachers would kindly auokunce it and w,old he good enough to make it plain that none other than the children of footage are to remain in the school. I shield think it would be best to dolt immediately before breaking up for the holidays if on can kindly give your consent. Yours truly, trio. E In receipt of this letter I itnmediately consulted •ith the Law Clerk to the Education Authority (Mr. Lyon Whttle) and the Director of Education Mr. J. Moore Murray), telling them I was extremely anxious. if possible. to comp'y with the request contained in the letter above referred to, if it could be done with- out violating any conditions which had been previously observed oa similar matter.. I was toll by Mr. Murray that my predecessor, Mr. Fulton Smith, had already erquired (presumably en behalf of the Women', Tariff Reform Committee; whether it str,ul) be possible to obtain faeilitiee such an Lady tiresnall ask, for, and had been toll that it would not. Mr. Whittle and Mr. Murray both agreed that it was imp sable to comp'y with Lady Greenall's wishes, because a similar request bad been made he the late Councillor John Magnin a few years ago. and had been refused. and thin precedent teat a bar to my acqnies. ence in the present app 'cation. It will be noticed th it Lady I freewill's request is personal to myself, although I quite appreciate that it was addressed to me Lire 111.0 Of my p on as Chairman of the Education Committee. 1 replied so Lady Greenall's letter as follows ine,ssley, Hill Cliffe. Warrington, s;th July, 1911. Pear Lsdy Gieenall, I beg to acknoaledge your letter to band this morning. I Imre consulted the Lute Clerk to the Education Authority and the Director of Educa- tion and they inform me that the principle involved in your request can considered by the Education Committee on a emilar occasion some yeara ago, when it was decided that it ver uld lie impropsr to comply with prop male of this nit are. The precedent thus established C./MlX'', me with regret t 3 express my inabili•y to carry our your e nitres. I beg to remain, Faithfully ' H. Roertr, Chairman Warriegtoo Education Committee. The lady Greenall, Walton Hall, Warriegton. DJ the 9th of .1111 y I received the following letter From Lady Greenall Walton Hall, Wart ingtnn. Saturday, July tltb, 19 11. Dear Councillor Roberts, Many thanks Fir your letter. I with regret that you and the Law Clerk and Director of Education Oak it would he improper to conp'y with my reqoest. Would it he possible to by the matter before the whole Committee and heir what they have to say. We were anxious that the tickets should be given as suggested to avoid any distinction if creed and politics and we con- sidered if the children of the ages selected were told hy the teachers to sty for the distribution of tickets that it would prevent any but those of the right age receiving them. The refusal has of course put a very seriou• check on our pro- ceedings Would you be so kind as to let me know what the similar occasion eas you refer to some years ago when the matter was considered. 'Shuts faithfully, Fr ix a E. Cl etre, t 1.1.. To this letter I did not reply for a few days becanne I was extremely anxious to find some method of assiet- ing Lady Greetall in her desire to carry out the picnic, other than the one proposed in her first letter. I spent considerable time and effort in doing this and finally decided that I wonid myself, ac a last resort, ask the Head Teachers of the various eehools to eepply me ith liste of the names and addresses of all the children in the schode from eight to le years of age, and tie se lints ou receipt. I would forward to lady Greenall. I communicated this intenti n to Mr. Fulton Smith, whom I hail consulted upon the whole position, and who agreed with we in the attitude I had taken up, and I asked him to communicate my decision, so that it would reach Lady Greanall in time to be of se:vice. I then wrote the following letter : " Kingsley " Hill Cliffs, Warringtou, July Mir, 1911. Derr Laly Greenall, I duly received your letter of the Stir in•t. and regret that I have not been able to reply to It earlier. My only excuse is the fact that 1-liave spent • lht of time this week it, endeavouring to had some method of assisting you in your arrangements for the Children's 'I rent, without violating the pre- cedent already established and with which I am in m,mplete accord. 1 am now Impsful of accomplishing this (although it is by no means an easy taskland will ad,ieevou thereon as early as possible. I fear that it may lie necefrary for me to publicly correct the misrepresentations which are more or less current in regard to my atti- tude upon this question, and which n ierep- resentattoes 1 feel assured are nit in any sense or degree countenanced by your Ladyship. I am, Faithfully. H. The imtance referred to in my ta-t letter, and upon which the meredent was formed, army out of an application similar to your own, and made by the late Councillor John Maginn.

The Lady t;rrenall, To alich I received a reply as below : Walton Hall, Warrington _

Hear Councillor Robert., I am much obliged for your lever of this morning. I regret you have spent so much time over the matter, as of course, I only wrote to yem in your official capacity as Chairman of the Educe on Committee, to know if my ',past could he granted end au-ailed their reply, through you. I did not approach you in cry private capacity. and therefore while thanking you for, and regretting the trouble you hare taken, tam sure you will quite understand that r hare no wish to put you to any further trouble privately, in the 'natter, and I will see what arrangements can Le made to enable on, if possible, to go cu with the Yours faithfully Fl2l, E• IL Cui:rcti In the lilth July I replied to Lady Greenall's letter the following terms • "Kingsley." Bill Cliffs. Wsrrington, July le,th, 1911. Dear Lady Greenall, I beg to acknowledge your lett( r of the 11th Inst. May I point cut • slight inaccuracy which it contains. Your first letter not addressed to me as Chairman of, and contains no reference whatever to the Edncation Committee, and it was nnly after my letter of the 9th inst. in reply that you asked me in your second letter dated the f,th inst. "to lay the mater before the whole Co:nm'ttee and hear what they bare to say." I

I have had no oppottunity of doing this tip to now without calling the Committee speci•lly together. I am plat a. anxioua as anyone can possibly he. that the children f r whom this treat is intended, and whose lives are grey enough in all conscience, shall not miss the pleasure it is so meant to give theta, and I bare therefore asl.ed all our Head Teachers to favour me with the names and oddments of all the children in our echools from eight to 12 years of age, and this information I will convey ti you as early.as possible in the present week.

. . r Hy this means your trek, ts can he delivered t the eight chi'dren at their own flumes. ant the precedent establialied by the Education Com- mittee will have been duly observed. I ant glad t say that the 1, cal mend:ore of the N,U.T through their President, Mr. Patker, catcur is and approve of what I have done. Faithfully 11. W.BERTP. - _

The Lad) Greenell. On July 170 h the School Ilanagem^nt Committee met nod I submitted t i them the foregoing correspond- enee. There was same discussion upon the question and the oPnionsexplesned were absolutely unanimous and cultninwed in the planing of a resolution in the following trims : " The Chairman of the Education Committee basing read corroepostlence and repined his twilit in teased to a request for annistanee in s-uing ticket, in the schools for a proposed tonic, it was resolrei that the sction of the Chit itnnn if be Education Committee in the _.tuatter he swore V . . .

This resolutin-n we; sulimided to the Education Committee the same evening aril unanimously mingled, and further submitted to the Town Council Bitting as an Edo,. stion Cmsnittee on the tat inst., al It again cinfo med. F r swine rampart this resolutiln has not been published in the columns of the •• Warrington Guardian" and has, no doubt on that account, etraped her Ladyship's notice. I receive) a further letter from Litly Greene!! as (Ames, the terms of which ale as, in my julgment, ,lo not call for any reply from

Walton Flail, Wartington. Chairman of Warrington Education Committee.

I)ter Councillor'lloberts, I am obliged by your letter of Joy lltb.Mar I root our that your fret letter WWI Feigned H. Roberta, Chairman of Warrington Education Committee, which plaioly shows ye u answered in an official opacity and considered you were addressed officially. Had you not been Chairman of the Educati..n Committee there wan not the smallest reason that I should hove selected yore out of the whole of Warrington to write to on the att'..j..et of the teachers assisting us in the distribution of tickets. I mentioned the whole of the committee in my second letter no I Wan surprised the matter could apparently be nettled by two or three privately. I em obliged for your letter of the 17th for- warding lists of ach.dars from the various schools. Mr. Longebaw to whom I wrote on the 11th kindly Lehi me he would call together • meeting of teaches and let me hear their decision. Yours faithfully. lo ix 1••• E. tivrrseti. . . _

On the lath of July I nem ont a personal request to the Head Tearingrn of every echool in the town, asking to he favoured with the names and addresse, of all the children in the e.htmla between 8 and 12 years of age. On Sunday the 17th I receiat II the firatt f these lisoa and itnmedittely posted them on to ',Ay Greenall ; on each cf the following four or fire days I received further light and gent them by mrseenger immediately to Walton Hal'. In the mrantime Lady Orrenall had taken upon herself to write to the local Secretary of tie NIT. asking for this information to be aupplied to her etreat, although 611 V krow that I had undertaken to ot ain it •rul to send it on to herself. Her Ladrship's a tempt to get behind the authority of the Education C mmetee was at cum communicated to me and was promptly flu.drated, and I need not say that the tea hers were loyal to the Education Committee ant to myeelf as to chairman, in preferring to gend the li.ts in questh.n through me rather than 13 Lady Greenall personally. Thew ate the farts in the order in which they have occurred. Lady fireemdre re.inest in an improper request and ought never to ha. been made. All I care about M that nry fellow-townspeople altould realn, that in aria a,: in every other public position which they have hitherto conferred urn me, I have endeavottred in the strictegt manner to observe the hut traditions which appermin to the holding of public office in thin country, and which compel the holder to disregard all personal or political considera- tions, and to art only in the public interest.—l beg to remain, yours faithfully,

Warrington, .Ittgtlst, 1:11 1

===== 0002601_19110812_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
H. ROBERTS.

WARRINGTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.

National Insurance Bill

A speci..l meeting of the Cumuli o considtr this National Insurance 11.11 vas held at Market-pin Chambers on l'hurelay, tie Preaideat, Me, Feliciongh, in the clod, . .

The SKt•RETARY stetel tilla all the laiscling TUB, factarers to the district had li•en eircolariyed etb • I sice to obtaining their opinions as to the flnancial effect of the National Insurance till no their ...peel ice industries, and read the replies ankh Le had receiver! thereto. After a long and interesting dracussion. it was pr p oriel by Mr. tV. Peter Ryland., 1141C011,10,1 hy Mr. P. A. P. ost and teenier,' :

'l.h-e-;;;ii;i7,;; -if the Warrington (lumber of Commerce, the National Immo.. Bill is full of complexity both financial nod otherwise, tie incidence of the burden to he imposed upou the employer. is exceedingly uncertain, and in ihore important Indio, tries which have to meet foreign competition, the burden most undoebtedly be met either by • redaction in wages or in pr, Or. further, there Is grave danger that under the n.w conditions, runny will be thrown out of work, in periwig of trade depreesion, who are now retained on short time. The Chamber of Commerce, therefore, urge that the Bill should te delayed for • Session so that ample opportunity may be allowed for the purposn of consOlering sad discuss- ing it from es cry point of view. " That copies of this resolution be sent to the Chancellor of the Excherprer, the l'rime Minister, the Leader of the )ppOSitina, the Member.. for Warrington, the Newton Division of I,socashi re sad the Knotetord ision of Cheshire, •od the Associated Chamber. of Com me roe.'

At the lett ordinary monthly meeting of the Chamber it tr.o resolved to write to the Board of trade reryiest- jog limn to give fuller information in their returnu with reference to the radon, kinds of wire imported into and exported from this country.

UT ONII. 01 ”nOOIATED H

It was resolved that the President, Mr. It. T. Fair- slough, the Vice-President, M. F. A. Frost, cod the Secretary. A !dermas Bennett, be authorised to repre- sent the Chamber at the Autumnal mooting of the Associated Chambers of Commerce which is altordy to be held in Dublin.

The Pea.. aod Knowles Coal nod Imo Ca. Ltd., sod the Caatle RobbOr Co. Ltd. have bee, duly elected members of the Chamber.

General Booths Tour.

General lhoth has decided to undeit.ike another motor-car campaign. It will extend over twenly-ex days, commencing on Sunday, August '2otb. at Barry Dock, and terminating with a public reception it Londcn on the night of September 14th. Ware ingtOn will be visited on August 25th (evening).

===== 0002601_19110812_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

all the supplies being sold Oat. Our photograph shows the crowd -ois the ever

LIBERAL LEADER AND LEADER OF THE OPPOSITION, Extraordinary int, r at has been shown in the debate on the Vote of Censure moved by Mr. Ballom oil the Government thts wed:. We present to our readers peril ails of the two leaders so faiiiil sr to al.

id all cur large towns pinned there was no accemmcdation places there was a famine, opular Hampstead Heath.

I

. 1 , • - • -

7

, •

• • !Vs, • • . , 4e. • t*, ";"•‘15.4 . "f•''': • • • .3r . . .> •

-• •• • ' 400,11 r - .. ', - e.., , . „-,,,.. -,04.-; , , 4 4 , • • 4. ~ 1, ' , ~,; , . • . , . , ' ,ei I • , ' "AL -1..,,.'.. 4 .4. -;' ..' ' -1,!"-: • ' '' L ' ''t .'i- 4 - V.'",..ftr'...''' - "V :1' ".: : :‘ ...; - 4.'f':' '''''.- ..* :. .... .1g , -4. i -is -,jvit '4' - -- ,- % Z •k, 1 • ____ 49,, A- - ~ ........ . • ~_ -.) • gorral- .--- : y ...-4‘.-- 4 • • A 1 111.2A1 . igeN. . • .; - --.0 - . , 44 , • * ~. ~. 4 ,* _ I' • .. ' ~ , , . -

A HOLIDAY CROWD. the August Bank Holiday of 1911 will long be rem ushered for its crowds. Holiday makers took advantage to the tail of climatic conditions, an, themselves into the country and seaside. At many of the favourite resorts t to be had. Pam lies slept in bathing machines and in the ogee, In some

===== 0002601_19110812_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. EDISON IN ENGLAND.

Mr. Edison, the famous American inventor, landed in England d E. we, atilYn I..is son, and was met by his wile. They intend louring England and Waits in a ino!or-car, keeping away from big towns as far as possible in an interview, Mr. Edison ,aid his latest invention was an electric accumulator for motor-cars, ships, and railways. Its most notable features being lightness and economy.

restless people of the British Isles, who are looking for some homes beyond the seas. But with these great Confederacies developing their agricultural possibilities to the fullest extent, a healthy demand will arise for • class of British emigrents, who are not and never will be farmers, for whom there ere PO opportunities in the Colonies, and who now make their may to the United States to disappear in the citizenship of en alien country. . . . .

' The question is of vast importance. It cannot be treated with indifference. Inlirisliste either at home or abroad bare nothing to fear from the successful cam ing net of the pregnmrne under discussion. With • p Tul3tion of twenty live or thirty millions in Canada, South Africend Australis,e,bserbed in common Imperial intereets and Colonial development. Great Bros in would be.. truly it:limn'. of the world., the Empire now is of the EOM. In thst proud position the British crown need be no n3enece to the rights to any other Power, but would be enured of the continuetion for centuries of the magnificent hisiory, that received Its groat impetus in the Victurien Era.'

===== 0002601_19110812_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
,^,-‘-,\,--'s-^-'N,\.•/•••,.-'‘,-V-'‘..^•/' CHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB ,NrN,-../..r•%-w--

FLYING KITES IN JAPAN

In Japan there is an annual feast day for boys, when each house having male children hangs out strings of paper carp, which inflated by the breeze, becomes lifelike monster fish. "It was on this feast day," says a writer in the "Wide World," "that we left Yokohama for Kamakura, once the eastern cmital of Japan, now merely a quiet little seaside village. "As it was such an important occasion, the whole world made holiday, some families hurried to the seashore to fly their enormous humming kites, from which the parents appeared to derive quite as much enjoyment as the children. The loud hum emitted by the soaring kite is caused by a piece of thin bamboo, which is stretched tightly across from shoulder to shoulder.

" This taut bamboo filament not only acts as an wolian harp but bends the whole kite, so that its surface is concave, instead of being, as in our kites, a plane. The noise when some three-score or so of these monsters are in the air at the same time is deafening. "The Japanese kite has no tail, but is furnished with numerous long streamers. Great competitions are held by the owners of the kites, and occasionally a mimic battle will be fought in the air, the rival factions endeavouring by means of powdered glass, which has been previously worked into a definite length of the kite strings, to saw through a rival's string, and so bring the vanquished kite tumbling ignominiously to the ground."

===== 0002601_19110812_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW CHILDREN ARE POISONED.

Every summer and autumn we read o 1 children who have been poisoned, as a result of eating some berries, leaves, or other parts of plants which they have picked up in the woods or hedges. One of the first things boys and girls should learn is never to eat any berries except the well-known harmless ones, such as blackberries, wild strawberries, or raspberries. Little folks must be watched till they are old enough to recognise edible fruits, but even when very young they may be taught not to try eating anything which is unknown.

The plants that aro most commonly responsible for illness and even death when eaten by children are privet berries, laburnum seeds, aconite leaves, the brilliant red, juicy berries of the arum (lords and ladies), and the woody nightshade. The deadly night- shade is pretty well-known to be poisonous, but it is far less common than the woody nightshade or bitter-sweet. The common hemlock is a strong poison, but there is nothing to tempt children to eat it; one danger, however, lies in its hollow stem, from which whistles may be made, and these of course, when put to the mouth will convey the poisonous juice to the membranes and the saliva, by which means it may reach the stomach.

BUTTERFLIES. 11).:JY.N COA 1., CREW. Noontide, shimmering on the grass, firings a miracle to pans; Loosens from their earthy beds All the lovely flower beads ; In the still and sunny air Sets them floating everywhere, Floating driftieg, Poising, lifting, Set them sailing thro' the air. Here are sweet peas, light aud airy, Each a winged wan-hued fairy , Here the velvet pansies dark On their venture. Hight embark ; Here gold buttercups uplifted From their leaves and stems are drifted. Swaying, swinging, Mutely singing, Softly o'er their beds are drifted. Pp in filmy clouds they go; Tiny abodesn fall below On the fields that sleep and swoon In the hot and sunny noon. From the meadows where they grew See them rise in heaven's clear blue ! Floating, drifting, Now uplifting, Lost at last in heaven's clear blue! THIS WEEK'S STORY. HER DIFFICULTY.

A school teacher asked her pupils to draw a picture of that which they wished to be when they grew up. The class went dili- gently to work with tablets and pencils, drawing pictures of policemen and sailors and nursemaids and fine ladies—all except one little, girl who sat quietly holding her pencil in hand and looking abstractedly in front of her.

The teacher, noticing her said : " Don't you know what you want to be when you grow up?" " Yes, I know," answered the little woman looking up ; " I know ; I want to be married but I didn't know how to draw it!"

===== 0002601_19110812_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 ,

===== 0002601_19110812_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH PREFERRED, BUT

In this mouth's nume of the . Empire Magssire" Mr. W. T. K. Preston concludes his Wide which berry the signilleant title " British Preferred, But—." In last month's ism., of the hfsgssine, Mr. Preston, the greatest Commissioner 'of Emigration who ever served it. Geoegisn Government, pointed out that the most pressing of our linpreitsl problems is how to find an sdrquate sod elecieet population for our Dominions Overseas. . . . . . .

Mr. Preeton declares boldly that it is impossible for in to rely on our, own resources in the matter of population. We most, be says, draw on the and- ooltural classes and bard working classes of the Continent. ' " "

In the pretuent article Mr. Preston reiterate, that statement end centime that there is no neceemity for an to be alarmed at the importation of foreign immigrants into our Dominions. Arguing closely and logically, Mr. Preston points out that the British have absorbed the French who originally conetitimed the European population of Canada, and the United Statts is every yper absorbing the population sent to it by every country in Europe. Ili. ?mutton believes that If, In addition, we send out tuna day a thief went into • email commercial hotel, seen. of our best blood and brains to lead the way, our where there was no norter, and took all the top.lials powers of absorption will be equelry me great em—if not which he could lay is hand* upon. Just ss he Imes greater than—those of the United States. going out is commercial traveller entered and a/ked In short, the great bold Imperial lemon Mr. Freston him what he wits doing there. Without the slightest preaches is this—let or take the pa mice of other hesitation the thief promptly replied : " I'm taking votentries and make them British. them round to to iroor,l, sir. At ealettely no charge,. lot us give ones striking passage of Mr. Preston's:— and continued, with the eitmost conlneas, " And can I "It remains to be 9.a. whether Imperialists, who so oblige you by taking yours as well, sir ? " largely direct the public thought of the Empire, will To this the traveller readily assented. look at this queation from the immediate narrow " Well, as it's free and there's no charge, you might standpoint of lengimge nod nationality, or from ss well take mine, though it's nearly non, nod doesn't Indulger •spect of the possible Invelopment of national really want doing." maohood in Australis, Canada, and South Africa. Ihe Thereupon the thief quickly walked out, leaving the fact cannot be overlooked, also, that the Colonial life ether to swaken to his lose, • eadder but a wiser toss. in the Woes of Hope fur a considerable motion of the From the August" Strand Hagssine."

===== 0002601_19110812_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
A VISIT TO YORK MINSTER.

By Agnes Simpson.

It M said that Architecture, perhaps, has never produced, nor eau imagine eerily conceive, a vista of greater magnificence and beauty than that which is seen from the wes'ern entrance of the Cathedral at York. There are eight pier-arches on each site , esperated by seven columns; each arch is Si) feet ' high and is enriched by highly adorned mouldinge. At the height of about 45 feet front the ground corn- mence the mouldingn which form the framework of the beautiful roof of the nave. The roof is formed of wood, and at the intersections of the beautiful tracery into which the ribm are carved, there are knots r cluster., which are carved into representations of incident. in Scripture history. The trifotium gallery formerly contained statues of the patr, n saints of the several Fu,opean nation.. There are eight stained glare windoss in each of the tso Standing in the centre of the building you are beneath the great tower, with thanes., behind you, , the choir in bout, the tuuth trancept on the right, and the north on the left. The tower which is 108 fret high, and 05 feet ripens is the largest in Eng- ! land ; it is supported by four massive piers formed of many.clunteted oiling.. From the capitals which surmount these refuterne spring four nob'e arches, nearly 100 fret in height, and on the top of these I arches the equare walla if the tower are bruit. Each • side of the tower contains two lofty windows. The ' roof of the t ,user is of beautiful carved oat tracery. In the interior of the south transept the windows are scrnvg ii in three tiers, st the top is • splendid marigold window, nearly 30 feet in diameter; below thin are three windows filled with representations of Apostles sod Saints, rad below this iv another range of windows.

--lie-e-a.et-and wet sil,s contain many monuments and effig,ee, of which the wont Irnutiful in the tomb of Archhinhop Walter de Grey, a flue epecimen of the work of the thi.rrenth century. . . .

The shirt adornment of the North trannept in the eerie, of fine windows, or, linker One departments of one great window, to which the name of the Flee Sheers has been given, a nnme originating in the circumstance that lire sisters presrnted these windows to the Cathedral, and worked the embroidered patterns for tie dmi ILNPS. The roof of the traneept hae been robed to render these beautiful windows more extensively •isible. . . . . . .

The organ-ecreen which doses in the choir from the rest of the building is in the richest form of the perpendicular style. The lower part is divided into fifteen compartments or niches, in which are placed statues of the Kings from William the Conqueror to Henry VI., in ancient regal costume, shove these are three rows of smaller ' fir res representing the angelic choir. In the middle I o the screen is the entrence to the choir, • beautiful canopied recess, with mouldir go and sculptures around the arch, and elaborate iron gates. Through the doorway in the organ-screen we enter the choir, the moot highly decorated portion of the Cathedral. I The east window has an effect of pas.ing splendour as it is errs from the interior. 11 lies hen called the wonder of Me world both for masonry and glazing. Ale ut 78 feet high and 314 feet wide (2.574 square feet) it is the grandest in the country and reta.na the stained glare with which it Win originally filled. It in the second largest in the uoild. Gloucester ie 72 IT 3.8 (2,730 equare leer, but has It., glass. Join Thornton, of Coventry glazed the window receiving Is. a week, Cr a year, and £lO on comple•ion, vrhich (cob three pare, the materials and workmen being provided try I.'.e chapter. It is d riled into 200 compartments, eaell about one yard squire and containing about 7011 subjects of historical events in stained glass wind Ave with figures about two feet in height. The :criptural character and incident. recorded in this way are extra,,rdinary for their number—the Saviour, angels, patriarchs, prophets, apostles, cenfessors and martyrs ; the creation, temptation, expulsion and deluge ; the stories of Jacob and Joseph ; the finding of Moses, the scenes on Yount °tnor; the exploits of Scrip-on and David and Abraham ; the stale and vials and trumpets of the apocalyptic vision, interpreted according to the notions of the lime—all form a bird of transference of the Bible to the emitted glass of a window. . . . . .

The total length of the ilinater is 519 fret and it corers an area of 81,800 square feet, it has been burned down several times, and each time rebuilt on a grander scale. During one of the fires there perished a famous library which was deposited in the Cathedral, collected by Archbishop Egbert, who ruled see from 730 to 730. This library wan spoken of in terms of the highest admiration. The fire of Ist I February, 1829, was the work of Jonathan Martin, a religious lunatic, who managed to conceal himself and to elude the vigilance of the officials when cloning it after the Sunday service. In his statement, Martin related how on coating to the great door is "the praying !lace," the entrance in the glorious choir- screen, he found it locked. He had already cut away a part of the bell-rope after the ringers had left, and by its aid be was enabled to surmount the screen, and to let himself down into the choir. "The first thing I did was that of getting all the books that I could and cushions, piled them spin two heaps, and set one pile on fire at the Archbishop's throne, and the other at the right hand side of the organ ; hut before I set it on fire, I scrambled up the pulpit aide and cut off the gold lace all round the pulpit with my razor, and after that I cut off all the bilk velvet I could get." Ile had made up his mind during the afternoon service that he would destroy the organ. It, said "While I was at prayets, I thought it was merely deceivieg the reople that the organ made such a notes, of buzz, buzz. Says Ito myself, ' 111 have thee down to-night. Thou ahalt bun no more." When half-past two o'clock struck I lighted my fires ; that at the Archbishop's throne burnt very feet, but the other burnt very slowly. I stayed half-an-hour in the place watching it. At three o'clock I started cut and went on my j niney." The fire was not discovered until about seven o'clock neat morning, when one of the choristers, as he was running round the Minister, slipped upon coma ice, and while on his back saw smoke iiisuing from the roof. The alarm wan given, but brfore aid could arrive the choir had been reduced to a mere skill, while the organ, and valuable music and M.S.S. had perished in the flames. Martin was tried for the offence and sentenced i J imprisonment for life in an asylum. It is marvellous that through the dire destruction viewed by the vat iGnli lit-rn, the stained glare, of which there in about three-q eeriern a an acre, has been almost entirely preset vr d. It is the most perfect and extensive collection in the country, mine of it daring back to 1200. The choir was first lighted with gas in 1824.

The Chapter-house dates from 1330, and is raid to be the most beautiful io England. It is octangular with lofty wo^den roof and arched windows richly decorated with rosined glass Few things can exceed in beauty the tracery of its windows, which has formed I the model for much op fern work.

At the entrance is the following inscription : l't Rosa Flue Florum, Sic Est Dorms lots Domorurn (as the rose is the flower of flowers, au is this the ' house of houses.)

We read that probably. a Temple of Diana once stood on the site of the rx,iing Cathedral. But in the Feventh century, Edwin. King d Northumbria, eras baptized at York and afterw•rde built the first christian church at that place in whieh many of the Kings were consecrated, enthroned and buried. There is frebb beauty to be wen each time the present magnificent structure is •i.ited, one writer baying declared that he thinks it is grander than Solomon's Temple in all itaglOry

===== 0002601_19110812_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BOY KNOCKED DOWN BY CYCLIST. Death Not Due to Accident.

An iripleg ta. held st the P. lice :ite tine tin Sates- dey by Coroner S. Brighouse i•rt the body of Henry Blenkinsopp Jscksoo, aged 12 icars, 20, smith-street, who dird in rbe Infirmary on the 3r.1 inst. The Coroner remarked that there was a certain history of EOlllO injuries the deceased received from being knocked down by a cyclist on June 3rd. Under those circumstances he had asked the doctor to make • post-mortem examination.—Harriet Ruth Jackson said deoeased wee her brother and had lived with her. On June 3rd she bad occasion to go to Newton mad returned on the Sunday following. When she same back she heard that he had been knocked down by • cicliet. She atiked the deceased how the •ccidect happened sod be replied that while running soros. blitniey street a c3clist no into him and knocked him down. Ile compinined of an injury to the head And the follow- ing Toesday he wee sent home from schwa ill. Ile was taken to the doctor who ordered his removal to the Infirmary. Dr. Leonard Burt, senior surgeon at the Infirmary said he made a post-mortem examination of the body but there was no evidence of en injury either of recent or long standing. In his opinion death R.lll due to natural catmeri. The jury returned n verdict in accordance with the medical evidence.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
PILGRIMAGES

THE BIRTHPLACE OF TENNYSON.

A DAY AT SOMERSBY

Last Monday the still lanes that lead to Somersby were stirred to unusual life. It is to be doubted whether this quiet Lincoln- , shire village ever witnessed a real crowd, for, it lies hidden in a desolate tract undisturbed by railways, and fully seven miles from the nearest station. The attraction that drew the unwonted multitude was the opening of 'Somersby Church and the unveiling of a bust of Tennyson. The Church has been restored in honour of the poet, whose early I years were spent here, and the bust is placed in the chancel in his memory. The occasion and the speeches suggest to us that many readers may like to know a, little of the village that gave birth to our much-valued Tennyson. Eight miles from Horncastle (the end of a single line of railway), we came upon the tiny, unspoiled hamlet of Somersby, and find an afternoon much too short in which to drink in its splendid interest. Not that there is much in the village to detain us. If we were here without knowledge of Tenny- son, a brief visit would suffice. The interest lies in the fact that it was here the great poet received his first impressions, that these lanes and homes and running streams inspired his earliest poetry, and are reflected in his magical lines. The poet Goethe laid it down that Ile who would roetry's secret know Must to the realm poetic go; Who would the poet underatand Must trarel in the poet's land. This is splendidly true and of no one more so than the poet Tennyson. Lincolnshire scenery is mirrored in all his poetry. What Scott did for the Highlands and Wordsworth for the Lake District,

===== 0002601_19110812_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCKSLEY HALL

.... The next step in the pilgrimage Lakes us Ito the neighbouring village of Bag Enderby. Dr. Tennyson held the joint iwings :if the two parishes, and to this quaint, old-world church the Tennywns frequently came to worship. The church is unrestored, and the interior is far more interesting than that at Bomersby. The stone floor, the curiously carved font, at least 500 years old, the worm- eaten pews, the great square seat for the squire, all combine to give a good idea of what an English church was like in the olden time.

Further along the Spilsby-roarl, high up on the left is Langton Hall, the Locksley Hall of the poems: Tie the place, and all around it, u of old the curlews call, Dreary gleams about the moorland flying over Lockslry Dall.

In many respects the old Hall answered to the description given by Tennyson, and the

===== 0002601_19110812_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Photo Carlton et Sou, horneastle. SOMERSBY CHURCH.

Tennyson did for the quiet pastoral beauties of Lincolnshire. Read "The May Queen" here on a summer day and the flowers dance before the eyes. "The bridge beneath the hazel tree" is still there. The honeysuckle still weaves its wavy bowers around the porch and in the meadows the cuckoo flower and cowslip mix with the crowfoot and gandier marigold. And the stream that inspires his muse is the quiet flat-country rivulet that bubbles ever so gently to the music of

Men may come and men may go, But I go on for ever. A DAY IN THE TENNYSON COUNTRY.

But we must conduct our pilgrimage on orderly linen and mention the things which the pilgrim will like to see.

Ai aorncastle, the end of our railway journey, we see the home of the Sellwoods from whence Tennyson brought his wife. ife first met her at the Fairy Glen in Somersby and addressed the seventeen-year-old maiden with the words: "Are you a dryad or oread wandering here? "—a truly poetic opening which would have baffled any ordinary girl.

fateful curse pronounced in the concluding lines of the poem did actually befall the house, it being destroyed by fire about the middle of the nineteenth century: A long farewell to Locksley 11'11 ! Now for me the woods may wither, now for me the roof tree fall. Comes a vapour from the margin, blackening over heath and bolt, Cramming all the blast before it, in its breast a thunderbolt. Let it fall on Lecksley Hell, with rain or hail, or fire or snow, For the mighty wind arises, roaring reaward,—aad I _ go.

This same road brings us to Stockwith Mill, the home of the "Millers daughter." I laud the brimming wave thst swam Thro' quiet meadow. round the mill ; The sleepy pool above the dam, The pool beneath it never still ; The meal saris on the whitened floor, The dark round of the dripping wheel, The very sir about the floor Made misty with the floating meal.

At Spilsby our journey ends. The pilgrim of ampler leisure may see much more, but for ourselves we have no complaint. If only a day, it has been spent in the company of an immortal, and it leaves us full of rich content. AM.

• :, - , ..', . , t rfitp,.., . i ' lIP IA -- , ---4` ' ..i.. ~. , . II It ;.. ' ~, 'A, :7 . , ~ v :. L. „. . It • ~.,.,

===== 0002601_19110812_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE_ BROOK

The road ascends from Horncastle to the summit of the wolds and gives fine dews in all directions. Leaving the main road at the dictation of a finger post we follow a winding lane until we reach sight of the" woods that belt the grey bill side' above the hidden village of Somersby. The road dips into a hollow and we get our first Tennysonian thrill, in finding ourselves upon the bridge that spans "The Brook." The stream lives in his "Farewell."

Flow down, cold rivulet, to the sea, Thy tribute wave deliver; No more by thee my steps shall be, For ever and for ever.

And although the poet declared that his "Brook " was purely imaginary no one will be persuaded that the stream which " chatters over stony ways" is any other than this Somemby beck. It lives also in his "Ode to memory."

The brook that loves To yurl o'er matted mum and ribb6rl sand, Or dimple in the dark of rushy coves, Drawing into hie narrow earthern urn, In every elbow and turn, The filmed tribute of the rough moorland.

The road that leads onward to the village nas another great association for hero upon a slimmer morning at five o'clock that Tennyson wrote the haunting lines.

Break, break, break, On by cold grey stones, I/ sea! And I would that my tongue could utter The thoughts that aria° in mo.

It is true that his thoughts were far away upon the crags above the Severn, silt it was here that the magic lines were woven. THE CHURCH AND RECTORY.

To our left as we reach the village is the church, "restored' out of much of its ancient beauty, but happy in the possession of a fine fourteenth century churchyard cross. We see too, the grave of Dr. Tennyson and the font from which the poet was baptised. The Rectory, Tennyson's birth place, holds us much longer than the Church. It is an ideal poet's house, standing between a thatchroofed house and a castellated, strange looking dwelling, screened by tall chestnut trees from the road. In the front is a green velvet lawn, with flowers and engirdling shrubs. The holly hedge planted by the old doctor still flourishes, but of

The poplars foss Which Magid breads my fsther's door, there is no trace. The house is picturesque and its aspect is semi-ecclesiastical. The roofs are tiled and steep, and the dining-room, with its long-pointed stained glass windows leads one to believe that it was originally intended for a private chapel. Its rambling appearance is owing to the old rectory having been made up of two houses; for situation the place could not be excelled. The beet aspect of the house is from the

rear and this to the literary pilgrim is the hallowed spot. The lawn we have often seen in imagination and now we see it in reality. Wileb elms that counterchange the floor Of this flat lawn with dusk and bright." lihow often, hither wandering down, My Arthur found your shadows fair, And shot,k to all the liberal air The dust and din and snore of town. 0 blase, when all in circle drawn About him, heart and ear were fed, To hear him as he lap and read

The TIMM) poets on 1-ne lar;n7 Or in the nil-golden afternoon A peril, or happy sister, sung, Or here she brought the harp and flung A belled to the brightening moos.

At the rear of the church, some distance along the Tetford road, is Holywell Glen, a favourite haunt of the poet, and referred to in" Maud" When I was woot to meet her In the silent woody places,— By the home that tie, me birth, We stod tranced rn long embraces Mixt with kisses sweeter, sweeter Than anything on earth.

It was in this glen that Tennyson carved the words " Byron is dead," and spoke of that dire event as though a light of the world had bsen quenched.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
CRY OP THE CHILDREN,

It Is satisfactory to loam from the Proeideet of the Local Government fiord that of the 36,000 children under the jurisdiction of the Guardians in London only 1,000 are in workhouees. Of theft 719 are under three years old, and are, very properly, with their mothers. The remainder are in three union. only, two of which are making arrangemonto for their transfer. The Royal Commiseion receotly reported that 3,000 children were in workhouses throughout the country, exposed to communithtion with adult inmate., whose influence was oftth hideously depraving. To meet thin difficulty it is proposed to Rime • new boarding-out order, with the object of raising the met of the country to the high level of London This method of dealing with workhouse children is excellent, but unf irtnnately these are not all who come under the Poor Law. It is estimated that 130,000 ere soppoi ted by out-relief, and both Report, or the Communion agree that the condition of many of throe Is far from satisfactory. The Minority Report every that no fewer that no fewer that 30,000 are being brought up by slovenly mother., while 10,000 are il•i on with 'really had mothers who are milk to have the charge of children.' It I, stated that relieving officers •re generally held to have done their duty when they have seen that the family is not actually starving, but thin Is not eufficieet, and 'inlays something more is done for those living etth unfit mothers it is quite certain that the ocuntry will in time be burdened with the maintenance of • second generation of paupers or crimioale. Pro doubt many of Rune could be committed to indostrial schools under the rescue clauses of the Children Act, or sent loon, of our Colonies by • system of °irefully- regulated emigration, and it would be greedy to the benefit of the children and the community If tbila were done.—. The War Cry. "

SCRATCHED HER LIMBS TO PIECES. " I had irritation no bail on my legs and feet that I bad no sleep for nights at a stretch. It wee some- thing dreadful, and I scratched them to piece. I bad no reel night or day ; I tried everything and went to a lot of expense. I went to & doctor but the treatment he gave me aid me no good wharever. I was no disheartened until one day my daughter asked um to try the Calicos* Remediee, as she had used them for bee little gill. I got Cliticura Soap, Orpi- ment end Pills, and within • week I found a greet relief. After • few weeks I wan completely cured and I have had no return of the trouble Nine. I was cured eighteen months ago. " I had no rent from irritation until I used the Gatieum Soap and Ointment. The first application of them cooled the burning, and I no thankful to say that after twelve months of irritation and pain, I tried Oakum Soap and Ointment and was cured. I shall be very pleased to recommend them to all my friends as lam delighted with my cure. I shall never be ; without them, and I recomroend them for any trouble with the skin, or although I am sixty-five years old, tbe Cuticura Remedies completely cured ;mi." gii/nilddi,MwrttgLiGletorii:ter Jan ne 3Cojtrirfe, phis free, from F. Nearbery and Sons, :77, Cbarterhowee Sit., London, tramples of Cuticura Soap and Oill{Wen{ with 32-p. book on skirt vestment.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR SERIAL STORY. tiv-'\w•rr•e-vw-.

\ Mr:11TO RESRHCF.I•I.

THE FOUNTAIN OF BEAUTY

L. T. MEADE, Aulhor of 'The Rebellion of Lil Carrington," ", Sweet Girl Graduate," &c.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER X.

WAS IT A DRUG?

When Rebecca came to herself Lucy was Standing over her. She was lying on a sofa, and Lucy ~an fanning her. "Oh, ma'am !" said- Lucy. " I am so glad you have opened your eyes. I got such an awful fright about you.' " Why, what haa happened?" said Re- becca. She spoke in a puzzled, dreamy sort of voice. It was with great difficulty that she could bring her mind back to the present. "Oh, ma'am," said Lucy, "it was Mrs. Deepe who rang the bell, and when I came upstairs you were over there with your head against the, chair, and your face—so queer, quite grey, ma'am, and your breath coming ever so short. Mrs. Deepe told me that you had fainted suddenly, and advised me to send for the doctor if you didn't soon come

—"Mm. Deeper" said Rebecca, sitting up and rubbing her eyes. Memory was quickly returning to her. The effects of whatever had caused her to faint were passing away. Her head no longer reeled, but a terrible, nameless dread was over her. she said,

"Lury,

'1 m ell right; take How long is it since

the tea things away. Mrs. Deepe left?" "About ten minutes ago, ma'am." "I am quite all right now; I can't imagine why I fainted•, I am not accustomed to fainting. I feel rather nick, too. Oh, but that'u nothing; it will soon pass. Take the tea things and go, Lucy; go at once." Lucy wondered at the change in her mis- tress's manner. She stood quite still for a minute, gazing at her, and considering whether she might take the initiative and ask 'Dr. Ilarris to call.

Rebecca became peremptory. "Go—go!" she said. "I wish to be alone." The girl left the room unwillingly. She went down to the kitchen and began to relate her experiences to Cook. Cook had been in the Newlinll family for over ten years, and was devoted to her young lady. "I do wish," said Lucy, "that horrid Mrs. Deepe had never come to the house; I thought we were rid of her once and for all. She must have done something to my wiped.. A healthy lady like Miss Henshall wouldn't faint off for nothing." "Miss Henshall has gone through a deal," mid Cook. "Don't you talk to me, Lucy; you're a young gel that's never known sorrow; but to part with a parient is no Blight aMiction, and her keeping up as she did but makes her feel it all the more when she does give way. Why, a faint—it's as common, as common as that I. y follows night." continuea to shako her head. "Not that sort of faint," she said She looked no queer and grey, and that horrid Mrs. Deepe was bending over her! I hale that woman; she was terribly flustered, and anxious to get out of the house, never so much as waiting until dear Miss Rebecca opened her eyes. Much she cared whether my sweet mistress was dead or living. She come to see Mien Henahall on some business of her own, I'll be bound, and forced her way into the drawing-room in spite of me. I don't like the way of things at all, and I tell you so plainly. Cook." "Well, well," said Cook. "I wouldn't be took with nerves if I was you, Lucy. I'd jest cheer up, and make nothing of Miss Henshall's faint. Only mark my words, and attend to me—never you let that young woman in again, however often she may call. Why, I'd a sight rayther keep the door on the chain and open it an inch or two until I saw who the visitor was. I would—that I would," said Cook, "rather than let a cha• rak-ter a' that sort about my missis again." "That's a good notion," said Lucy, and . . .

- she went away into her pantry. Meanwhile Rebecca, in a frenzy of terror, went first to the drawing-room door, which she locked. She then clasped her hands tightly together with a frantic gesture, and the next minute caught at the black ribbon round her neck. It was there. She felt a momentary sense of relief. She untied it, took it off, removed the little black silk bag. and opened the small silver case. Within lay the gem intact. Its dazzling beauty almost hurt Rebecca's aching eyes. She fell on her knees, burst into tears, and thanked, God aloud for His mercies.

"Oh! I thought elm had taken it; and if she had I ahould have gone mad!" thought • the poor girl. She instantly restored the black ribbon with its treasure to the hiding place where her father had asked her to keep it, and began seriously to consider the advice which Lady Jane and Mrs. Lorrimer had given her. She could not herself understand why Mary, knowing that she wore the black ribbon round her neck, did not try to steal the gem while she was unconscious. Iler bead ached. Suddenly a new terror possessed her. WWI it possible that the real gem was stolen, and that this was no artificial one? She took off the ribbon again, and looked at the diamond. There were certain marks about it, however, which could not possibly deceive her. She pressed the wonderful, glittering thing w ith all its dancing lights suddenly to her tins, then once again restored it to its hiding- place. 'dud night Luey'n father slept at it, Pad dock Row, and both Cook and Lucy were well pleased with the arrangement. Lucy, secretly and unknown to Rebecca, kept the front door on the chain, always taking care to re. move it when her mistress went upstairs to get ready to go out. Rebecca began to forget the eirceinstanees of her faint. She had felt a good deal of lassitude and some headache on the day that it occurred; but these 'lmp- tome had all passed. and she wan well and as strong as usual. She had a great deal of business to attend to, and each day a deeper sense of satisfaction filled her as she remem- bered that Gerard Lonsdate was coming to claim the diamond. "When he has it, I shall be free. I never knew that anything no valuable could be such a curse," thought the girl. "That black ribbon might be weighted with lead, that diamond might be a stone dragging me to earth, no weary am I of carrying it on my person. All day it haunts me, and all night I live through fearful dangers in my dreams."

===== 0002601_19110812_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XI.

THI SDISATANCR AND TUX SHADOW.

Mrs. Deepe walked calmly down the street. She had not gone a dozen yards, her hands demmely folded in her muff, her exquisitely nest and pretty little person looking smart and. trim--before a man Joined her. . •

"Well!' he ssid.

She looked up at him. tier lips tried to mole, but she could not get any words out. " Well?" he said again, imperiously. With an effost, she took one of her hands from her muff, put something into his hand, which immediate 4 closed over it, and then clung with desperation to his arm. She found her voice after a minute. . _ . _

"I am sorry I did it. I left her like one dead. Did you put poison, real poison, on the flap of the emelope, Arnold?" "Only enough to render her unconscious. She will come to, and be as right as rain to. morrow; never mind her. Mary, you are the pluckiest, the bravest, the dearest WWII= on earth. I cannot believe that I hold it in my Palm'"

" You do; but we are not sate,- said Mary. "I never was no terrified. She will discover the false diamond as soon as ever she looks into her cane. We shall be pursued, and I shall be arrested —we'll both be arrested. Arnold—l am in terror'

"Don't be & goose," said Arnold Deep, "Come ; we'll get into a hansom, and I will take you home. Think of our pretty home. our dear little flat. Think of 1l the furni- ture paid for, and thousands and thousands of money in the bank, and ',au and I not needing to worn again. sty a way, did she give you the letter?' "I have it; I shall never take it to Lady Jane Ifailiday. We most born it--at our.. On the flap the poison still lingers." "Give it to me !" said Arnold, a little

roughly. Mary took it front her pocket. "I am AO shaken, I cannot etand," she said, beepe held up his umbrella for a panning hansom. It drew up at the kerb, and the two got in. Deepe drove with his wife to their flat in Bayswater. lie desired the man to wait for him, and took her upstairs. She was still shaking, and was in a very queer and weak condition. Decpe looked at her with undisguised contempt. "A woman can never be a good criminnl," he mid to himself. She can go a long way for the love of a man, hot her feelings n, ways upset her at the mocha moment. Now. instead of being mini nod cool as ice, instead of knowing that she has iest executed about the cleverest piece of daring that was over done in the annals of crime, my wife is ner- vous because of that silly girl who hr-alit her so badly. Really and truly, if I were not here to prevent her, I believe she'd take the diamond back." An De,pe thought, he went straight to the glowing lire, and dropped the letter which Rebecca had written, into the heart of the flames. "There it goes!" he said, with • sigh of relief. "That is safe, anyhow." Mary sat on the edge of a chair and shivered. "You do look woe-begone," said her hue. band. "I never saw anything like it. I could not believe that my brave Mnry had nerves." "But to do a thing like this, and—and-- nearly to kill her!" mid Mary. "And then, of course, it will be diecovered." "It won't be dincovered for some weeks at least, and by that time we, my darling, will have secured our money and be well out of the country." are we going abroad!" said Mary. "I am glad of that. I'd moth, much rather lease England now." "We're going-no matter where," said Deep, "There'll be a hoc and cry, of course; for when that fellow Lonsdnlc cam, back, he will want to nell his treasure, nod tome plain truths will be told to him. But this is the eighth ; lie doesn't return until the twentieth; and, in all probability, no- thing will occur for a few more deys." "But Rebecca herself—oh, you don't know how clever she is. She has studied the his- tory of gems, because her father was always so keen About them." Deepe looked down at his wife with a pity. it% smile. "You seem to think," he said after n pause, "that your husband is absolutely without brains.', Mary looked up at him solemnly. "I know you're the cleverent man in the world, Arnold." "Oh, not that." said Arnold Deepe, modestly; "but I have got some ability, and at the most crucial moment in my life I am scarcely likely to take a false step." Mnry spread out her small, pretty hands towards the blaze. Arnold continued to look down at her. After a time, Mary said "You never saw the diamond, nor have I ever seen it. How csn you possibly have got another to resemble it in all particulars?' “I will tell you, little girl; will net your mind at rest." Arnold Deepe drew a chair forward, laid hie big hand on Mary's cold one, and began to talk. "I have a frieed—you had best not know his name—lie hails from l'ersia. " "Persia!" said the girl, looking up with fresh alarm. "Yes, from Persia. He knows all—all— the story of the stolen diamond; he knows tfie exact shape of the gem, the exact colour, all its peculiarities. The npecinl diamond, which I still bold in my other hand, is knot. in Teheran as "file Foentain of Beauty,' and was stolen by a certain high official from the Shah himself. My friend, the Persian, hoping to recover the real gem, has had an exact faceimile of it made—done no beauti- fully that only an expert who employs the usual tests could ponsibly discover the differ- ence. Rebecca Henshall weare DIM imita- tion stone against her heart now, and I hold the real gem. Come, Mary, put your head next mine; don't be frightened; let's look at Ilia Wiuntain of Beauty.'" Deepe opened the palm of hie hand. Within, unguarded even by a piece of paper, lay eighty thousand pounds' worth of trea- sure—a clear, limpid, living, leaping, palpi- tating thing, the rose light shining from its many facets, every colour of the rainbow meming to leap from it until the eyes ached with looking, and the hearts of both these young people ached also with longing to keep it for their own. "I could go mad over a thing like that said Mary Deepe. "I feel an if I'd give all the world to possess it. Give it to me for one minute, just—just to kiss." "No," said Deepe, "it is too valuable; it doesn't leave my hands. Don't long for the diamond iteelf, Mary; but the emence of the diamond will be yours from this hour for. werd." Ile opened his pocket-book, slipped the stone into one of the compartments, put the said book inside his breast pocket, buttoned his coat securely, and, telling his wife that he would return to her in time for dinner, left the flat. Deepe desired the hansom driver to take him as far as the Bank of England. He there dismissed the man, paying him a generous fare. Having done so, he atood for ami ]]] ite or two in the crowd, Jim object wan to perceive if the hansom driver by any chance was following him. Ile felt fearfully excited, but also intensely nervous. A etraw south d have knocked him down, and he knew that his whole system wan so highly Aren't that for days at least he could not endure the slightext touch of opposition. heimom driver, however, knew nothing to induce him to follow the gentle Man who had paid him liberally. He quickly secured another fare, and went off again towards the west. With a sigh of relief Deepe now plunged into Cornhill; from there he made his way Into Leadenhall-ntreet, and, after many twists and turne, suddenly entered a small coort. This court was one of the surprism which meet a traveller in London. It ens perfectly quiet, and there was an ancient tree growmg in its centre a tree in a stunted and sooty condition, but neverthe lens, one that bore feeble leaves in summer, and was much appreciated by the people who lived in the court. The court went by the name of Peacock- buildings. It contained about half-a-dozen hooves, each of which %VW, old, but also lit good preservation. The lower parts of them houses were let as offices, and businmn men of all sorts swarmed in and out, and one or two of them now pushed against Deepe as lie made his way aeros3 the court with the certain treed of one who knows what he is doing. He stopped at a house exactly faring the entrance, and ran up some broad, low titer., and found himself in the entrance. There was a great wooden slab fastened to the wall, inside of which were painted the names of the different people who did hominess in this house—solicitors not • few, some dia- mond merchants who occupied the ground floor, and on the fourth floor wan one soli- tary name—Nadir Julaver. All the names were painted ill white on black, and stood mit distinctly.

Deeps mounted to the fourth floor, and tapped against a door, on which also were written the words "Nadir Julaver." . _ .

A voice said "Come in." The voice was very silvery and flute-like. Deeps home- diately entered. A tall man in • dressing- gown, wearing • turban on his head, turned • slowly to look at him. The man was dark, with that depth of colour and dusky hue which immediately proclaims the Oriental. He had 111111dROMP, glittering, black eyes, • straight and beautifully formed nose, thin lips, and a quantity of coal black hair, which he wore flung back from • lofty forehead. His dressing-gown was a marvel of rich colouring, and the "fen," which he removed from his head when Deepe appeared, was studded with jewels. He was • long, thin, well-made person, with sinewy limbs, hands beautifully white and tapering, and alto- gether • look of repose and good breeding about him. not visitor,

He spoke in excellent English, and showed not the shghtest sof/hiss e s ?pe's heart we. breast.

Deppes heart was thumping Agatha his

"I have got it, your Excellency," he said. "Don't call me that,' was the reply, still

spoken in those high-bred and silvery tones. "My name to you is Mr. Julaver. Lock the door, please, Mr. Deep, and take that chair. Will you join me in a pipe?" Deep. nodded. Julaver pushed a jar of tobacco and a small spirit lamp towards him. But Deep., although he had accepted the invitation to smoke, .as too much ex-

cited to comply. "Your Excellency," he said again, with • heavy pant, "I —I beg your pardon Mr. Julaver; I believe, I sin sure that your dearest wish—the whole reason of your being in London—will be gratified to-night." Deepe felt the diamond burning a hole against his heart. He knew that its vivid flame was of the nature that could consume.

and at that moment he longed PA earnestly an Rebecca had done to get rid of the "Fountain of Beauty." But he was a wary man. Ile bad committed a gross crime in order to possess the gem, and he would not part with it until he wan sure of his reward. "Your marvellous imitation of the dia-

-- mond, Mr. inlayer, has been used to good effect, and 1 can to-night, provided you pay me the sum agreed urn, hand you the real ' Fountain of Beauty. " "I said I would give you thirty thousand !Mond.," said Nadir Julaver, taking his pipe from his mouth, and looking calmly at Deepe. "You have the diamond on your person—give it to me. I must test it before 1 part with my money." '

- "No—no," said 'Deepe, nervously, "I haven't got it on my person. I must see your cheque first,—' must know that your cheque will be honoured. Thirty thousand pounds is a large sum of money. The young mall Gerard Lonsdale arrives in London on the twentieth. He goes straigl.t to Miss lien. shall, and receives from her the Mbam dia• mond. He will naturally try to dispose of it, or at knet to get rid of it. The imposture will be detected. There will be even worse to follow—l shall be deprived of my liberty, my young wife will share my fate. Mr. Julaver, there must be no attempt at foul play in this matter. I can give you the ' Fountain of Beauty, but first of all I must mske certain that you bestow upon me thirty thousand pounds." The Persian did not speak at all for a minute, then he said, with sham emphasis: "You have the diamond at the present moment concealed against your breast. You are a tall, strong man, but you are exceed- ingly nervous. My nerves are of steel, and I know no fear. There is a much greater . . . .

Persian in London at the present moment than myself; I allude to the all.powerful Mirza Kara Yusuf. When Lonsdale becomes the possessor of the imitation diamond, be will take it straight to Yusuf. But long before then I shall be on my way back to Persia. I shall restore the lost diamond to the Shah, will receive my due reward, be- come one of his favourite ministers, and will have the pleasure of instigating inquiries and putting knowledge into the head of my Sovereign which will cause Mires Kara Yusuf to be asnassin•ted. I tell you all this to show you that thirty thoussitd pounds is but a small matter when so much is involved. Give me the diamond and go. It was stolen from the Shah's throne by no less a person than the great Mirza himself. The Shah has not yet discovered his loss. When he does, Mirza's life will not be worth an bour'e purchase. Mirza ham lived for the last seven years in daily and hourly terror of the dis- covery being made. Now, having put you in possession of all these facts, surely you are man enough to trust me." "I believe you are quite a gentleman," said Arnold Deepe.

Julaver smiled that inscrutable which belongs so essentially to the Eitel. "I have much to do," he said, "and was, when you interrupted me, taking my, cus- tomary rest. I am here on important Thusi- ness in connection with the Shah's affairs, but hope to settle all things and to return to Persia with the miming diamond the day after to-morrow. Now, give me the gem and no more words."

"I want the money first. Then I will go and fetch it." - -

Julaver rose very slowly. "Do you imagine for • single moment," he said, "that I will let you see even one of your English sovereigns even one gold piece until I become the owner of the Fountain of Beauty.' Now, do not hesitate another moment."

A. Julaver spoke he walked &aro.s the room, but Deepe was too quick for him. Re reached the door before Joky, did, un- . .

s locked it swiftly, opened it, and found Itm- ien in the paseage. " Get your cheque-book; I will be back in five minutes with *hat you want," said Deepe. He fled downstairs, his knees trembling under him. Julaver did not follow him. He stood still for • minute in thought, then he tinkled a small bell. A servant, also a Per. sian, immediately appeared from an inner room. " Have you been watching as I told you to do, Abbas?" said Julaver, speaking in Per- sian.

The man made a deep "salaam," almost touching the ground as he did no. "I watched through the eye-hole," he said, and lie pointed swiftly to a tiny slit, which was partly concealed by an Oriental curtain. "You would know the man again?" said '

inlayer. "For ever and ever, until the Judgment," was Abbas' reply. "Follow him; don't let him out of your sight. Go; hurry, no violence; only keep him within sight." Quick as thought, the man darted through the door and ran downstaire. He was, in every respect, an Eastern, hut wore English dress and, once in the crowd, was unremark- able except for his great power of dodging here and there, and squeezing himself into almost impossible places, and for the cunning , way in which, while apparently looking neither to right nor left, his brilliant eyes took in all that was passing. Deeps had fled from Nadir inlayer in an agony of apprehension. The conviction seized him that he bad been trapped, that inlayer would take the gem, and g:re him nothing in its place. This was more than he could stand. 'the judgment and clevernead which, as a rule, characterised hint were strangely lacking on this occasion, inlayer would think very little of murdering anyone, but he was a man of his word. Ile 'tinted that marvellous gem known as the "Foun- tain of Beauty," and would have thought thirty thousand pounds a small sum to pay for it. When Deepe reached the street he plunged farther and farther into that part which led to the East-end. He found himself in Bishopagate-street Within, then in Bishops- gate-street Without, then in Commercial- road. Ile walked no fast that he almost ran, and each moment he got more end more' afraid. Ile imagined himself pursued; It, thought that inlayer would follow him. Once his terrors were so great that he turned and looked behind hits. A little dark unimportant man pushed past him, geoeVing against his Ares,. Deepe did nut know Julaver'm servant, Abbas. The dark man made not the slightest impression on him. Ile heaved a sigh of relief. inlayer, himself, who always wore his Oriental drem, and who was distinani,ikuld Ines:trent. court-

linens of manner end remarkable beauty, could not be easily overlooked. Deepe felt satisfied no far. He plunged suddenly down a court. Ile went across the court to a blind alley into which it opened. He knew that his fife wan more or less in danger here, for roughs of the worst description abounded on this hor- rible spot. It wag dark night now, and the court was but ill lighted. The gas burned sullenly, and there was a fog overhead. It was bitterly cold, but Deepe felt no senea• tiona except those of overmastering fear. The "Fountain of Beauty" seemed to scorch him. Ile 'scarcely knew how he was to en- dure the terror of retaining the famous stone much longer in his possession. A ruffianly-looking man followed him on tip-toe, for Deepe wan well dressed, and doubtless possessed a gold watch and chain. The man Xhoinght him worth robbing. lie could easily conic behind Deepe and fetch him a blow which would knock him to the earth, and he would have done an. had not a little dark man tripped him up by a sudden move—a little man of about half his Rine— and, before he could riot' and rush with the roar of a wounded animal upon his adversary the lithe form had disappeared into the divi. nes, It continued to -follow Deepe into the blind alley. When Deeps, stopped before h house and tapped on the closed shutter, the queer little figure stepped into biack shadow and remained there absolutely motionless. Abbas felt no fear, for he WAR armed with a dagger which had never yet failed him. His object was at once to follow, and to gourd Arnold Deepe. Arnold Deepe',, -knock was responded to by n girl of about twenty-five years of age—a handsome girl, with large brown eyes, sweet expression of face, and a wonderfully neat costume. When she saw Deepe she coloured, and said: "Is that you, mister? You haven't been here for a long time." "No more I have, Jenny. Let me in, like a good girl. I want to speak to your father. Is he at home?" "I think to; he has is lot of men with him, nod mother is serving them at the bar. Dad won't want to bt" disturbed unlesa you have something special to, say to him, mister." "No names, Jenny—you understand?" raid Deepe. ' "VCR—yes—but anybody may be called "And you are such a pretty, sweet girl," said Deepe. She coloured; hut stepped a little aside, as though she would let him know that he most not take any liberties with her. "Will you come into the parloer?" she said. "There is a fire; the night is cold and foggy." Deepe followed her. She turned on the gas and then looked at him steadily. "What is the matter with you?"‘ she said. "You haven't been here for six weeks. The last time you came I got you—well- sow Mimi. My father's mad that you haven't paid back any of the capital or the interest. Ile won't lend von nothing to-night, minter —nothing to-night." "Yes, lie will," Paid Deepe. "I've gat something for him that is worth his while to strain every nerve to purcha.se. Look you here, Jenny; you're a good girl, you'll never tell?" The girl came close. "Would you like to see the most marvellone, beautiful thing that the world —this old earth of ours —has ever produced,'" Her brown eyes atone. She was wond,r. fully refined for her class. She lived with her people in the lowest part of the slums, yet kept herself neat, modest, retiring, and absolutely transparently honest and mire. Plea name was Jenny Sherlock; and old Slivrlock, her father, would scarcely liesitete at any crime which could effect his purnose, He was n money lender and a receiver of stolen goods. Ile and his wife pursued their nefarions trade to their own advantages, heaping up money—for Sherlock woo a very rich man—and taking good care of Jenny. It was their strange pride that they should be wicked of the wicked, but their girl good with the pathetic goodnese of a Rower that will live on with no apparent nutriment under murky skies and stony conditions, Ben Sherlock and his wife tried to keep the knowledge of evil front Jenny. She eared for them after a crude yet passionate fashion. She knew they were wicked, but felt that she wools] shield tliern and their wickedness with her life. Deepe now laid his hand on her shoulder. She started bark at once. "Don't t me, snider." "Then you won't let me show you the—the —beautiful thing?" "Yes, I will; but I can stand here, and you there."

She stood Ito that an angle of the centre table stood between herself and Drew.. "t on will never tell," he said, honour bright?" " I will not tell," ~he answered simply . . .

"I believe you speak the truth. Jen.iii,." "Yes, mister. Lies are harmful things. They belong to the devil. A girl who wauts to he good in a place like this must keep far from the devil and his works." "True—quite true. Then I can trust you?" "Yes, mister," Deepe took the stone out of his pocket. 11, i held it s his hand and the girl bent forward to gaze. Suddenly she gave a cry. tier cry was one of pure eestacy. "l'ut it against something dark—some- thing to light it up," she said. As she spoke, she ran to the window and took a small crimson cover which hung on the back of is chair. "Put it there--just there!" she shouted; "and let's torn the gas op higher." A face looked in through is chink in the abutter

(To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19110812_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
F'

===== 0002601_19110812_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY BRIDGES HOMING SOCIETY.

Worcester V B race August sth, 22 members soul NG birds. Liberated at 1.15 S.W. Result (subject to correction) : Members. Johnson Bros. P A Johnson Brea. P... Johnson Bros. P... Woolley Bros. ... Deakin Boyle and Sheßend ... Berton and Barlow ... Scott and liougheedge H Bracegirille Marsh end Joiner Furninerneld Bros. ... Allen broe. Millman and Taylor ... Longmore 0 Vright... Barlow end Perkins Mitts Krenan

Velncity.

i1;11. the iiennypo---oi. - A wins Mrs. Turner end So. prise.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Experience

"Every Picture tella a Story.'

a fire . posviblo, avoiding vs.:moues of all lib da, keeping tr a simple diet, and per& 'vying with train's 11.ekao'le Ka!trey Ville until every trace of the dread d a avv ia none.

Dons Backaehe kidney Pill, relieve the kidney, and winery nyteart like a puigstive telieves the bowels ; they promote a free action of the bladder, eliminating the uric reid in cases of grovel, stone, luinhego, and rhentuatkm, and Bushing out the waste water in dropsy and erten- lion. Patients should drink (mei, of water and aerated water to keep iho urinary system well Bushed, and nhould take are t I avoid colds and chills, which have a harmful effect on the kiineys.

2/9 a box, six boa, 139. Of ail Chemists and stores,or from Foster•Mallellan Co., 8, Wells St., Orford , London, W. Donlask for backache or kidney pills, tub dietiootly for DO AN"S Backache Kidney Pills, the same as Mr. King had.

its Ping at the stre, t corner spouter. tient the writ Cr, among other things- -"Ile repeats feebly, or blatant ly the trite arguments or the superficial Isrit that ha or' I een supplied by the emir ty be repro dent.; or so me ' organ of the cause. Their sprisaraoces at some fined point being recu'ated, one may count on hearing t• sueceseioa of then° orators ; bat the Lick of individuality soon hec Hues apparent, and interest evaporates after one or two attend meek" T....ea a modicum of truth in Oa ; but when ha tare. from speaker to hearer the wri Cr is hapier. Says he— "We may notice, one trait of the an trance which seems to have ducende I a.. legacy from the stall of the quick doctor and Cho tp Jack. It always scents a personal moire is the orator, the making • profit in some form or other ; tunally a p -cuatiary aim ; and a good deal of the cUff ofren tarns on thin. If the motive is rotor obvious in the orator's cane riri is the rotack's er the Cheap Jack:a, the inputs), only inereases the suspicion which, though vague, in none the less strong. flow often we have heard the stolid, cynical working man turn away in the midst of the orator's greatest excitement with the remark, '1 wonder how much he gets for spouting !.. I myself heard this over and over during my late tour, and these who male that remark took care to let the speaker hear it also. The " Saturday Review " complain, that am an entertainer the quack doctor sod Cheap Jack were far-readier and more witty and humorous, Anil &Oar. Oat he has heard more wisdom from them en p taunt on current topics than one could ever get from the professed serious orator of the street. There are exceptions, however. At one of the villages which the Warringtrinian of whom I wrote a week ago included in his itinerary, I turned from the latter's par ty to the opposition stand, sod found an Irishman sith a delightful brogue holding faith on the manifold advents/ea of Free Trade, snd he was just esp'aining to is vastly amused audience— Give sh,rint the Walt tarry-loin yearn on use loiter in the Ilanchisther diehtrict ; shore an' sad ye can tell that tr 3ersilles bi me ly yootifal Lankysher acksint !" DIZO NING AND LIFE-SAVING

In a quotation reproduced in these columns a week ago, it was questioned whether very great pro- green bad been made in the latter in relation to the former. As to the avoidance a the " drnth-clutch," one experienced swimmer t Id sin a while ago that the rescuer an seized should press back the thumbs of the panic-stricken drowning one. I readmo, that the old tradition that a drowning pewitu rises three times before he go's down, while it sounds well in Carnegie medal stales is not true. A Kraut rises 11,1 many tile' a as he can get to the surface—which may be once or • hundred times—and he drowns when he is so full of twat r that lie cannot breathe. As to attempts at renunciation, respecting which ignorance is likewise said to abound, we are authoritatively told that the first thinga to Ito done are to open out the clothing so as to exp we the body down to the waist, clear olintructione from the mouth, nom, or throat, draw out the tongue and keep ;t out by tying IS piece of tape round it. Then ernpty Vie water out of the lungs by turning the patient face downward., putting a firm roll of clothing under the chest and stomach, and pressing two or three time., for four or five ileClll,lB each time, upon the patient's back. Now turn the patient over and give him two or three smart slap. on the stomach or the cheat with the open hand. Place a cushion (a coat rolled up will serve) finder the shoulder blades, allowing the head to fall back. Stand at the patient's head, grasp his arms just above the elbows, draw them gently and steadily upwards above the bead, and keep them stretched upwards for two seconds. Turn down the patient's arms and press dam gently sod firmly for two seconds against the sides of the chest, crowing the forearms over the pit of the stomach. Repeat these MOVOIM•11,15 alternatively, deliberately and perseveringly about fifteen times a minute, until you see signs of natural breathing. Do not leave off your efforts under two hours, fir cases I have been known where resuscitati .n has occurred in that time. After breathing has been induced, but not before, apply friction by rubbing the limbs upward., and apply hot flannels or hot bottles to the pit of the stomach, arm-pits, and soles of the feet. Then, lastly, give wine, warm brandy and water, or coffee. I reprint these directions, not by any :towns, because in three days of enthusiasm in regard to artilmlance work, it is poseible to bdieve that they are generally needed, but on account of the expression of opinion quoted from the "Country (Modem/to," a week ago. Lie tr whom I am indebted for the foregoing 1 adds for the benefit of the uninitiated—

7-lion't 'h.; to fr:a-rn the role, off br heart. Jest reed them aml folloq the operations in y.mr mind while you are doing eo. If you do this and then try and follow the procedure from meinory once or twice you. will hare a sufficient grup of them to bring them to your mind when they are required. " There are many civilian@ as well as member. of the borough police force who could bear this out, fur that is how they have themselves attained efficiency in such beneficent work.

s r c::? CO • ‘‘l 4.• '\\ZW

===== 0002601_19110812_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
DOAN'S MgL7 PI LLS

JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

WARE 110UiE8REAKERS

There are professions! thieves who sryialise, and bresk and enter dwellings durivg the householders' sheet en on holiday is a pretty safe lay " ; hence the warning of the opening paragraph in last week's "Notes and Notions." My next-door neighbours had an uncomfortsble experience the other night. They retired to rest without drawing the blinds, and *bout midnight wire disturbed by a rasping sound as of someone stings file. It seemed t proceed Lost the front of the house, so while one member of the family

fit the gas, another slipped out at the back and ran round the end of the block. Ile saw • man hurrying away in the opposite directirn, and hie conclusion was that appearances had misled the fellow into supposing that the iceupiers were away front Imine. In another instance in the tonality, the tenants, before leaving fir the seaside, disarranged the !emitters in the front rootn, as if for "cleaning down," and rolled tin ir silver and other vain iblee in the carpet. The place wan broken into, but the would-be thieven got nothing for their veins ; it did not occur to thrm that the carpets contained treasure. They I must lave been rather raw at the businene, for an erperionced cracksman would certainly have " tumbled" to a dodge si thin. Various other friends of mine have shown remarkable ingPrmity in hiding money, &c., in places where undesirable visitors diving the owners temporary absence from hone would be most unlikely to took; but here I leave the subject, as it stated be too bad to " give the thew away." E. O. GREENING. _ . .

Arother item on the name pogo 0r last Saturday's Exanduer remindel me that Mr. E tweed Owen Greening is still at only alive hut" kicking." It most be well nigh half-s-century &nee first I made the veteran reformers' ocquaintanc.. The cir- cumstances were such al an nowadays common enough but were then regarded as extraordinary Greening, yanthful and exceedingly energetic, was then a etrong favourite am ng co-operahe s in 'Area- shire and Yorkshire, and at • General Election he was nominated for the Parliamentary representation of a borough in the West Itidieg. He and hie working- class suppoiters had an unequal struggle against the entaenched forces if the teeny, and wee hopelessly beaten after a considerable display of vi 'lead' and serious damage. To be sure those were the davit of open voting, public-houte committee rooms, n 4 free beer, licensed pretnises remaining open until I am. If Mr. Greening had been born .10 or .att years later than he was, be would now have been • prominent lehourist with• seat in the House of Commons. MID.VICTORIAN ELECTIONS. .

.-..- Furiously partizan and bitter as modern politic;ans can lie, there is at a torrid, th century election little downright rowdyism as compared with what arms ' habitual at the per Mil to which I just now alluded. The .cerre, at the hustings often led to desperate collision.. Doubtless the ruder knows his " Pickwick," and rearcely reeds to be reminded Imw St Eatenswill one party had opened all the public-11°onen and left the other only the beer.shope -" a masterly stroke of policy, sir." One section had got three-and- thirty voters in the loch-op coach-house ti prevent the other Silift getting at them. Another device was :o get at the " free and independent" and make them so drunk—and keep them no - that they ! could not go to the poll. Sam Weller narrate. how his fattier was bribed to tip a number into the canal We read of Sam himself umping on the heads of "the independent voter.,' at a ahilling • head, to bring back their scattered senses. It wits quite ordinary for one party to hire op every carriage in the town and every hall, no that the opposition found themselves in difficulties both as to vehicles and meeting places. BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION.

l)uring the hertrieg of & petition on this account counsel, noes-examining a wanes., asked if it were not s fact that he bad himself received from the member • present of a hare on the eve of the election. The man reluctantly admitted the wit imp?acliment, bet urged in extenuation that the beastie " was maggotty— indeed, too rotten to be of any use whatever. " Well," commented the presiding judge, "if it was not blibery it was corruption." In the old days both parties gave bribes openly and unashamed. One may see in old election bills (I have two copies before me so I write) such items as "l 8 burgesses at .1 guineas each,' with yearly expenses afterwards, the total in one arse being 12,165 se. The latter refers to perhaps the costliest ever fought - I mean that in Yorkshire in 1817. My grandfather happened to play &prominent part therein. The county of Broadacree was then one constituency, end there were three candidate, for two seats—W. 'Wilberforce, Lord Milton, son of Lord Fitzwilliam, and Lord Laments, son of Lord rfarewood. It has been stated that the coat to I.ord Fitzwilliam and Lord llarevrood was sot less than £lOOOOll each. One country innkeeper alone sent in chill for i. 2,306 ds, if. The farthing was a dis- needy humorous stroke. STREET CORNER ORATORS.

............ In these times not a little relionve appears to be' placed upon openiair ilTort by members of the else+ who win do congregate at street corners or about unoccupied spaces these summer evenings. As I observed in my reference to the recent contest in the Middleton Division, there was a good deal of this sort ri thing in that constituency, and Warrington contributed to it. The 'Saturday Review" has had

===== 0002601_19110812_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSAULTED lIIS MOTHER.

Edward and James Jennings, of Bold.ittreet, were brought lefore the magistrates at St. Helens oo Monday, charged • ids stealing hen and eight °bicker+, the property of their mouser. James .•3 al.° charged with misstating his mother on Edda, and Sunday. Edward was discharged. Junes was then charged with Melding two chickens, and admitted it. With regard to the charge of assault, blra Jennings said that lamer gave her • black eye and knocked her about severely. James bad • record of misty conviction", and be Irma mot to gaol for six months for the !aggravated smault ea hi• mother and three months for ntesliog--oive 000tba altortbtr.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington

"I caught a severe chill about twelve months arm, winch I think must have articled try kidneys," Rays Mr. C. W. King, of "Cheshire View," 208, Mancheeter !toed, Warrington. "I began to suffer with eciatics, and was laid op for three rnonthe with the complaint. A sharp, cutting pain used to start frf m my left hip and shoot down to my knee, end I was in terrible pain night and day.

" I cold not get any sleep at night. I wag confined to the knee for thlee months.

" I tried many remedies In fore I need Doan's I backache kidney pills, but until I used Ibis medicine I was unable to get any relief. I f, It a lot better by the time I InA used the first box, and I continued to make such progress that by the time I had taken fire boxes I was quite cored and able to get to work pgain. " I hare bad no return of the complaint 'ince. and I am only too phoned to give this account of my experience for the benefit of other sufferere.

I have often tild news how much gond lloan's pills did me. (Signed) CHAIII,LN ING,"

"Every few hour. remelt poisonons waste gels ieto the blood to c.time death. Your kidneys alone ran Rave rll. The, are the blood filters. The blood in continually streaming through them to ha purified, and every day the kidneys remove ut iil grans of ore acid and urea, am! 3 pints it water, from the blood. But alien the kidneys are weak or diseased, some or this poisonous setae gets left in the blocd, and then you begin to het drowsy, heavy, and dull, your back iii had, yonr head BOHM, the muscles and j Into get stlf and rheumatic; sediment or gravel is wen in the water, and dropsical swellings app ar in the ankles or about lie eyes. You may have to keep getting up in , the night to relieve the bladder, or relief may be difficult and painful. If these symptoms are neglected, incurable kidney and bladder disorders may stet in suddenly and without further warning. Cure your kidneys tch;le you eon, by living as quiet

===== 0002601_19110812_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
IF- • DISTRICT P 1 W 5

Whitley.

CHOIR FICC( RSION.—The choir of Whitley Church held xoctr..fol picnic to New Brighten. The party, .hoot 25 in manlier, left Lower Whitley at 7.30 Ico join the I.Merpool expose!, leaving Warrington at 050. At 12.30 the choir sat down to an excellent dinner at Poval Ise itestaunctit. After dinner they set out to see the sights of New Brighton, meeting rigein for tea at 21) Greet praMe is due to the Vicar or his excellent arrangemen'er

===== 0002601_19110812_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath.

ST. Thom,: MEN'S CI. k•I B.—At the clone of the meeting of St. "Chums.' Clans It. on Sunday afternoon the Vicar, on behalf of the roeuthera, presented the organint, Mr. Emile Smith, with a beautiful china tea service on the ocomion of his marriage to Mini Evelio Beck. Mr. Smith auitshly renponded, and said the present would nerve to remind him of the many happy bourn he had spent at the orsan. An expression of good wish. for his future welfare from the lender, Mr. Hallown, and Mr. Bailey, and the clam iu gnneral brought the pleasing ceremony to a clone.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Risley.

iNDEPENIO,NT 111Irritouccr 611 'OIL—Two flArll2oo were preached in the above place of worship on Sunday by Mr. J. Bill of Latchiord, good congregstione being preeent. At the evening service, Mr. Hall preached from the text" If God be for on who can be against us." The anthem "Praise God in his Holiness," was well sung by thp choir, Mts. A. Bate taking the sole parts. In the aTternoon the choir gave every creditable rendering of the service of song entitled "Amy [lnwards Reward," Mr. J. Ball being the reader and Mr. William Hughes occuping the chair. The collection or the daxa' services amounted to the sum of J.l 10s. I The annual excursion was enjoyed on Monday. A I party nunsbering about 31 or 35 left l'adgate Station at 8,0 for Southport. arriving at 9.41. The day being gloriously line everybody made good use of their time. The lake and various amusements were well patronised. At 12 o'clock the petty adjourned to the Imperial Cafe where a goo! di XI., eat partisan of. Various places of interest were •isited, the party returning by the 9 o'clock train in the evening tired but thoroughly satisfied with the day's outing.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Antrobus.

Corn ANNIN ERSARY.—The club anniversery of the Court "Wheat Sheaf," of the Ain net Order of Forester., No. 715, was celebrated n Monday, Beni, Holiday. A fairly large murter of menthe's pot in appearence for the pteceasion which started soon after nine o'clock in the morning, headed by the Banton Bram Band. The route taken was by Frandley-Lrow, Sandinny Farm. to the residence of one of the honorary member., Mr. Seymour Mend, of (Anshan Hall, then through Comberhech on to Sandicroft, Budworth and thence to the Pole, Antrobtra. After leaving the Pole they marched to Antrobn. Church for service. In the church the land played the ac.oennanimeut to the hymns. The lemone were read by the Rev. and Hon. C. F. Cron, vicar of Stretton, and the barmen wan preached by the Vicar of Antrobne, the 1t... Joseph Holden. 1.4 eying church the Ids tloin marched to the clubroom, shore an excellent dinner had been prepared by the hostes., Mr.. Bradbury. The reminder of the day was 'petit inn field adjoining hiadquarter., where eports fur children and women took place. During the evening tLe Hamlin Bram Bind played for dancing.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Penketh

frlAßorg P.tirry.-0a Saturday afternoon Mr. and Mr.. C. E. Parker gave a garden party to the members of the Wesleyan Men's Bible Class,of which Mr. Parker In proxident. This party is given each year and is greatly looked forward to. About 70 availed them- selvn of tie kind invitation end were warmly welcomed by Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Parker. At one time it was thought the r10:1 W. going to mar the pleneure,but soon after the guests had arrived the rain clear. it op. Tea was served the spacious coach-house, which hail a very pleasing sppearance, oith its beautifully decorated tables, stranger! by Miss Parker. Alter tea semis of croquet, bowls, etc., were indulged in and a cricket match was played beineen Mr. Parker's side and Mr. /I. W. Guem.'s aide. Judging by tie interest the plaGirs itifueed in their play can could Lave thought it was the lattle of the rose.. Mr. Guest's side won by nine runs over Mr. Parker'', side. It now Laing almost datk the company gathered on the lawn where Mr. Ration moved a vote of rheas to Mr. and :Mrs. Parket for their kindomr. This WBB secood.d by Mr. Woxencroft, and was carried with much heartiness.! The party then sang the doxology which in the twilight ' of tie mooing Lad a most charmingeffect.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Winwick.

For. TH Ane —The Free Trade League held a meet- ing on the Winwick Green on Monday evening. Mr. Hubert Hambleton wee in the chair and the speakers included Mn. J. A. Seddon (late member of the Newton Division. and Mr. J. W. Taylor (of the Free Trade League.. Mr. Taylor .id he did not know chat the electors of Newton division were thinking about when they rejected Mr. Seddon. Ile hoped that at the next election they would again retarn him. (Applause.) blue Trade was undoubtedly the policy for the workingman. Tariff Reformer. raid they would put • tax of 2s. on foreign wheat. What they would do with Colonial wheat he did not know and he did not think they knew themselves. Corn factors to day bought wheat at the world's prices. If • tax of 2s. was put on they would be unable to remove it until they bad paid the Customs the 21. and from what he knew of human nature the English farmer and the Colonial would raise their price., well. In Pill the import tax wen £7.1 out of every £lOO, uhilat net year it only averaged L lii, aimplf because the import duty had been taken riff to the benefit of the conanmer. (Applouse.)— Mr. Seddon said that during the last three months he had lees very /Amity engaged toying to do something for the benetit of the shopworkers in connecti a ebb the Shops Bill, and was taking his holidaye touring the di•lrrion. They could not get away from the fact that things were very interoftine. They had one play driving their lead, en, and another ar•y who teremid to went ti drive their leader.. The House • f Lords could no longer /amid aphid the statement made by Mr. Asquith. (Afyilause.) Some said they were orepared to die in the iifit ditch, m hich meant the Hotel Cecil. The present member for Newton Lad introilnced a Bill (the Asylums o.licen Bill, into the House of Common., a, d he (Mr. Sed wee quite prepared to give him all the credit which was due to him. Here they had Lord Wolmer intro- ducing r Bill which bet' for Ito ety.lol.r, end nes qc,'.e sure that tha attendants wishe that the advent .ges of the Bill could ba applied to every worker in the country. During the recent axon reading the Bill did not receive the blessing of the Con ..... tire Party. Sir Fredorick Banbury described it as rank Socialism, andonly twelve Con- servatives followed Lord Wohner into the division lobby. The Labour Party supported it as a o ly, because they believed the asylum attendants were only making moderate demands. The Select Committee had recommended 70 hours per week instead of 00, es asked for in the Bill, and lie believed the Asylum attendants would accept this, And, like Oliver Twist, ask for . more. (Laughter . The Bill had killed the bogey of Socialism and ho canted tent, that jt would receive its driving force in the House of Commons from the Labour Party. (Appian.).

===== 0002601_19110812_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Lymm.

11AN11.-I'he open-air service wan held in Brookfield on Sunday evroing. The address wan given by Mr. Wosencroft, his subject being "Who I. your pointsman in life," liii gave surd°. illostra- sloes from scenes on the railwrsy. Miss (2. Elliott very creditubly rendered a solo " Channels only." Mr. Patrick Nlarr presided. A rpecial service will be held at the Crosson Etobbesring Sunday neat. • CO•LE Acciel,r.—WLilst out cycling on klonday,a corporal from Orford Barracks, Warrington, met with an accident on tho Incline of Klee Brow. He crashed Into Messrs. Hilton's boot shop, bit fortunately the shutters were down or he would have fallen throng's the window and greatly injured himself. Ile 'id • little damage to tlw shutters, but the leak of his can ;seaward him from serious personal injure-. lie nus sale to resume his journey shortly afterwsrds.

BANK lior.roay.—Genial weather prevailed in the di rrr ict throughout Mhodey, attracting a large number of visitors from fanchestar, Warrington, &a who enjoyed themselves in the different welts for whit'la the pretty village is renowned. The behaviour on the whole was good, and the last great holiday of the !ear will te rememtered with feelings of pleasure and satisfaction.

LVNIM C(NCRIEGATH•NAL CHI R, ii CHOIR,—On Wet!meetly them. rntela of Ito shore church choir held 11.1? outirg, the pleas Mwen this par Ming New Brighton. lb. party left Lyn m at 1 4'2, arriving at their dot nation about 1330. Ihe many an.uaeruenta at the Toe, were well potroo.tl. The party wet for tea at tie Carlton Cafe at 430. the ferry vtaa

===== 0002601_19110812_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
/ • • z-Arf ttik .„%tkitra "ak.ll, 14119

The ' MARVEL Price 39 -

===== 0002601_19110812_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Ire-evened about 7 p.m., the members reaching Lymni at 9 50, after one of the moat enjoyable trips they have ever had.

CONGREGATIONAL CIIRINTIAN SERVIER BAND.—The monthly service in connection with the above band woo held on Sunday evening In the church. It wee of an evangelistic dmrseter and a large congregation attended. Mr. F.. Tweedie gave an addreits to the young people his subject being " The young mon's dilerurns." Ile oald the young people of to-dry allowed themselves to indulge in the plessores of the world so much, that when they came to the Master and fie told them the conditions, which were the same that he told to the rich young ruler of old, they went away grieved sod sore at hesrt because Ihs gave them ouch an envy teak to dn. A quartette "Lead kindly Light " was rendered by membery of the choir.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Moore.

SUN 1,17 Si 111)(11. DMA, -The scholars of the Moore Wasleyan Sonde,' School had their normal treat on August Bank Holiday. The teachers nod scholare met at the schoolroom at I. and at 1.50 formed in pro- cesaion end pogo...led through the village ton Held kindly lent by 51r. Woodward. There games and other pastimes were heartily entered lot, under aIl almost cloudless sky with brilliant sunshine. At I o'clock an excellent tea was served to the scholars in the field, touch of the picteresque laelog added by the presence oft, troop of Ifoy Scrota who were camping in the village and bad been invited to have tea with the scholars. At live o'clock a similar tea wee served in the schoolroom to the parents, teachers and old scholar. .after tea sports were held, which included fiat races for boys and girls of ail ages, and high and long jumping for boys. Before leaving the geld each echo ler was preatioted with. bun, a bag of swage and come nuts. Thanks to the bosotiful day mad the , unremitting labours of a willing band of helpers it proved to be one of the most enjoyable and successful treats held during recent years. •

===== 0002601_19110812_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AM MONKS.

PRECOCIOUS RUNCORN BOYS.

At Runcorn, on 'Thursday, :Michael Ward (10) and Hobart Davi. (11. wore oho! god with breaking into the sailing flat May fly, lying in the Runcorn and West. Canal, and stealing two suits of clothes, Myr.n pairs of boots, and an overcoat, the property of Jams. Plumpton, the captain of the gat. The evidence of a canal constable showed that he found, at the steps, the olothing and boots enumerated in the charge all ready for carrying sway. Ward nid he moo hungry, and had been down to look for food. Davies mid he went for some clothing. lie had no shirt on, .d had been trying the captain's on, but it was too big. It am stated that Ward was before the coort a , ago on similar charges, and wan ordered to be sent to an industrial school, but, this had not yet been found. Ward wu remanded for two days with a view to being sent to an industrial school, and Dtvi. orderea to receive four strokes with the birch-rod.

SI•FFERING WIFE'S lIARD LOT. " I've lived in hell long enough, end I'm not going to live with him any more," said a toting married woman named Char',Ate Jove*, of Wright's Dock. Weston Point, when charged at the Runcorn Court with attempting to comiult anuide on Tuesday night in the canal at %Veaton

Ihe evidence showed list a police-constnble was cello] to the spot, share he found the prisoner's mother and brother just lifting her out of the outer. She afterwards told st items it nes in contequence of her Lusband's ill•usege and his telling her to clear out. The busbami, who w. •Iso ha fore the Court at the 681110 time for having been drunk and disorderly, denied the allegation. Inspector Breeze mid it was owing to the violent conduct of the man that the poor young woman jumped into the canal. Ile was very violent to his wife, who staa but girl. 'I he man ens fired 10a, and costs, and the woman wee remanded in custody for seven day., the chairman observing that in her present state of mint it would not be safe to allow her out.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
‘VIDNES WORKERS AT WORK ON BANK HOLIDAY.

Excellent holiday weather prevailed in the chemical borough on Monday, which greritly enhanced the facilities for pleasure-seekers bent on enjoying the day elsewhere. The greater portion of the worke are bony, conrequently tboy ere working all through. The tradesmen closed their r atabliahments for the day. All modee of conveyances were in use conveying !riffle. to the out ly jog districts. 'the railweys, es usual, pre- sented a busy eppearence from the early morn. The Tranapurter Brido was the object of interest to the •isitors, who were chiefly cyclists. At the police court it was nearly case of white gloves, roily one rose occupying the attention of the magistratea, when Bridget 'teener, a Wooltonisn. stoutly denied the n•rertions of a sergeant-constable on a drunk and disorderly charge. She had flfteen convictions, but, wring to her not having been dealt with for four years chew,, allowed to 11,,, the Bench remarking :—" The beat thing she could do wan to go home and behave heraelf."

WIDNES ROY HERO. INQUIRY INTO THE CANAL Tit kGEDV.

Coroner Brighouse nod jury inquired on Saturday into the death of \t nem A 11.,, Butler, aged nine years, who lived with his parents at 33, Walmeley-street, Luesdale, . . _ . . . .

Serail bliveheth Halve (mother said she bad warned deceased not to go bathing last Tuesday siternoon, e hen she saw him playing at the top of the street. At 030 thet night her husband, William Butler, a chendmil labourer, brought word home that Allen bad been drowned in the Sankey and St. Helens Carol. Leonard Jackson (13), 5, Walrusley-street, stated OW. on Tuesday evening he met deceased, in company with a number author boys, end they went ta play with the swing-bridge, which crones the canal near Sullivan's work.. They unhooked the bridgw, and bl.pin to turn it round. Alter they had been playing some time the bridge stuck, and deceased jumped off on to the bank and gave it a push. As the bridge was turniog round deceased tried to jump on to the mo•iog bridge, but failed, and slipped into the water beneath. Ile came up three times, end they tried to reach hint, but toile]. George henry Jackson, a small boy of fourteen years, of Mom lionlor ad, said he immediately took on his clothing and dived in scr•ral liner, Oat deceased wa- -00 ear -tit to be raspel. The Coroner, in eddrosing tie jury, said that boy. would he boys, and Ibeir otturel inalination was to do those things they ou,ibt not to do. It was only human nature. The mu e ramble.us the boy the letter the man he mode. They were all sorry for the parents of the drowned boy. 1 he coroner and jury complimented the Inv Jackson on his courageous attempt to sire his comps:moo'. life. ' A verdict of' Accidental death" WW returned. . PUPPET " WIDNES COUNCILLORS.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRITORIAL EMPLOYEES TREATMENT.

Councillor F Neil (Nlayor),proeided over the monthly meeting of the Widnes Town Council on Tuesday. There was • good attendance of members. The Chairmen of the Highway Committee (Alderman Quinn, referred the members to the incronsed profits on the motor-bus service, nod intimated that in the near future the Motor-bus Sub-CommiCee would recommend an addition to the service. . . .

Mr. Ainsley mooed the following motion " That a onto of censure be passed on those Corporation odic late who have fedi,' or neglected to carry out the reerrlntions pvesed from time to time by this Council, and that any official who rnay hereafter be found guilty in this respect shell be requested to tender his resign.- that." Ile referred to several cues where it wan alleged that &helots had ignored reeolutions. The moat 114,40119 one was t.hat of two youthn who were forbidden to go to camp es Territerials although the Council hod palmed a resolution siring every ferility to young men who joined the forces. Mae of them, a youth named Winfleld,was told to go and not come back again, and the other, named liaison' who had • widowed mother to keep, bed to remnin. but one •ventrmlly slithered to go for a week', training. The mover said it was a deplorable state of things, and he hoped the military not horitirs wool ! move in the matter. The Council bad • right to nee that their resolutions were otrried out. It woe alrocht apparent to outsider. that they were only puppets, and something ought to be

—Mr. Daviee suggested t tat some investigation ought to be reerle,but it was only fair that the otßciels them- selvee should hare• chance to refute the abatements. Aldermen Itimniie, in reply,taid that owing to stress of work on hand the youths were salted ts forfeit their camp this year, hut one of them was &tient end went. I IL was a matter for the committee to consider his reinstatement, but Le was fully sath lid that the entaineer had carded oat his duties properly. Only two voted for the notice of motion as it stood.

This highly finished coach painted car- riage with registered reversible hood Crocketts, Leather Cloth CAS Upholstery, Steel Springs, Pm: Full Sized Body with 3 9/- Straps Suspension.

INSPIICTION INVITED

J. 8. GARLAND 51. 53 & 55 BRIDGE St. WARRINGTON Folding C car,s Iro., 108. Quality Guaran teed.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
NO NEW PEERS!

LORDS PASS THE VETO BILL.

The Die-Herds Last Effort.

The final scene of the great Veto drama was played in a crowded House of Lords on Thursday evening. It was a spectacle strange enough. Arrayed against each other were Lord Halsbury's obstinate "No Surrender' party and the little band of Liberals, the bulk of the Conservative party abstaining with Lord Lansdowne from voting. Various small bands watched each other jealously ; if one showed symptoms of voting the other were determined to go into the opposite lobby. Would the Halsburyites, after all, win and force the creation of Peers? That was the question everyone was asking on this fateful night. So doubtful seemed the issue that Lord Morley's weighty statement early in the proceedings bore a special significance, particularly in view of the Halsburyites' assumption that the Government were " bluffing." Said Lord Morley : If the Bill Mould be defeated to-night, his Majesty w. old assent ti a creation of peers sufficient in numbers to guard against any possible combination of the different parties in opposition, by which the Parliament Bill !night be txpowd a second Moe to defeat. Every vote given L-night against my motion not to insist on what is called the lanedowne amendment is a rote in favour of a liege and i prompt creation of piers , The" Die-Hards" were smitten by other speakers, such as the Duke of Devonshire— who said significantly that if the Unionist leaders' advice was rejected their position would become " intolerable and impossible" and the Archbishop of Canterbury, who said he would vote for the Government because of the " callousness" of the extremists.

The crucial division took place late at night when there voted :

===== 0002601_19110812_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
For the Government 131 Against ll4

Govt. majority 17 This means there will be no need to create new Peers and the Veto Bill only needs the assent of the Crown to become law!

===== 0002601_19110812_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DRAMATIC SCENE IN THE LORDS

DESCRIBED.

" Every vote given against the motion is a •ote in favour of a large and prompt creation of peers." With a look of stern deter mination on his pale scholarly face Lord Morley made the vital pronounce- ment to the House of Cords at a critical moment. yesterday evening (says the " Morning Leader ' Pailiamentary correspondent.) He read it over twice, rapping the table with his knuckles, raising his voice so that each syllable pierced every corner of the brulding. The words fell upon the crowded assembly like a sentence of dig in Throughout the afternoon the Irre-Harda had been defiant and boastful. When the house met the result via dint-ion could not possibly be foretold. All through the evening, both belore and after Lord Morley's statement, the immediate fortunes of the Parliament Bill wavered in the balance. . . . . _ .

Lord Midleton. who was me up I.y the Lansdowne- flies to resume the dehate, made an earneet, iLdeed, a ft enzied, appeal to the minority with the Conservative [arty. They received his argument with truculent Interjections and scoffing I loghter. The ordinary e-cold courtesies of the Ili use of Lords were cast ride, and at one point Lord ilidleton might have asell addressing quasi-hostile public meeting.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD ROSEBERY' ANTAL.

Lord Rosebery, who had been watching the extra- ordinary scene from the en MI bendier, appealed to Lot,! Morley as soon as Lord Sfidleton sat down. The House, he said,required some guidance. Would Lord Morley tell them how many peers would be created ? This was obviously a suggestioa that the Govern- ment should lay at teat the story that. even if the Bill were def.-awl, only a few peers would be created just as a warning Lord Morley raid be had intended to refrain from intervening entice debate till after the Lord, opposite had stated their case to one another. At this there was a laugh. and Laid Morley, speaking in very grave tones said, "I find not cause for rejoicing Co the unseemly controversy which is going on upon the Opposition benches." He again suggested that he might make his statement later on, but Lord Lansdowne now appealed to him to take this oppor- tunity of mating front the Government Bench whether it was a fact that the if Bill Crete defeated • sufficient number of peers would be errand to defeat any pos,ible combination. ...., . . . . .

4 The fact that Lord Lansderene ustd almost the same words as Lord Morley repeated later on, indicated that Lord Lansdowne knew but had found it impas- sible to convince his followers that he hal grasped the situation, and tLat Le required the corroboratiou of an official pronoucc,ment. A CHITP,'AI. MOMENT.

Lord Morley thus appealed to, promptly resp nded h stead of waiting to conclude the debate in the ordnary course. The meat.ieg if it all was very clear. The Die- fiords were working with tireless energy, ar.il lord Lansdowne feared dial his men were ipping away from him one by one. lord Midleton had failed to turn back the stragglers. The Duke of Norf.,lk's special decree absolving Llnedowaite peers from thrir pledges because some of the crigical abstainers bad indicated their intention cf voting w.th the Govern- ment, was playing havoc with the pave. The outitxak was ',lack. The tramp of the -Far rew peers thrnigh the outer I,blry seemed to he ringing in die affrighted rats of the leader of the Opposition. The tale that the talk of the creation of peers was mere bluff was still b:irg 1 irculated. and lord Lansdowne could not suppress it. And so Lord Morley was called to the rescue. This words were plain, clear and emphatic. In the sentences quoted in black type elsewhere he told them exactly what would be the result if the Die-Ilarda won on the division that right. '• If yin think it is bluff you are suffering from • pure and atm Ante delusion," be said. "Before you go into that lobby melted t what you ale doing.-

===== 0002601_19110812_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD ROSEBERIS ADVICI.:

Lord nosebery geided to the table t-vrth a dramatic air of solemuity. Ile bad a few preliminary words to say about the entlimous gravity vf the situation. Ile lilantrd the (lovernment for not advising the King to seek counsel with some other men or es-Ministers, and then, throwirg out his arms as though brushing aside all other considerations, he cried in loud ringing tones, Whichever aide prevails to-night, this huh must pass." . . . . .

Lord Ifslisbury ist,rjected a wor,l f dcultt ; Lord Itosebe-ry, missing t biro, asked 'low long do you suppoee it could Le kept oil F ty-eigkt bourn, a week, a.month

This last period seemed fobs about the extent even of Lord lliestmry'shoprs. " What is sini nth in the life of a nation ?” asked Lord Bosebery. " This Bill must pass. 1 will take the longest period and say that by Dec. 31 of this year this Hi I will come into law." The only diffesence Eetween the two sections which are opposed to this Bill is whether it shall pass with an enormous cleation a peens, or whether it shall pats without that scandal and constitutional stain." WILL BE 'FLATTENED 01' T."

Ad Ireining the Oppwition at one motnent in a tragic whisper, the next in a Tole, that thrilled the crowded house, be pleaded, warne I, at tiinev almost threatered. He quoted them the example of the Duke if Vellingt n, whose cr,urage none f them could .loubt, but who by yielding in 18:1:2 preserved the House d Lnrele for Si)year.. . . •

In u nes of de3pairing resignation be said."Notbing cculd now restore the House of Lords as it exists to-day. The House of Lords as we hare known it has disappeared. If this Bill be passed now Europe and the Empire will be spare.l the sight of a wands], we shall still hare left a certain snmunt of riMlity. If not, we shall tarot, ft to us no power, we shall be I klattened out. Peels admitted under the most degraded frAnchi,e will be added to this House. and

the ruin of this ancient Aseemhly will be as complete as its worst enemies could desire."

===== 0002601_19110812_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
TORIES Our OF BAND

His speech had a marked affect on the 'NAP, but it dld not convince Lord Halsbury and Li i immediate friends. More than that, it failed to prevent a few wanderers tom slipping away to their destruction. In the course uf the evening the Duke of Norfplk intimated that he intrnded to vote against the Govern- ment, so did Lord Halirax. And so the night wore on with some shooting peace and 'other. war. It was a sfhiggle within the Con- servative party, and the Liberal peers left them to sett le thei r differt nees.

The Archhishopof Canterhuty. late in the evening comedown on the side of voting for the Bill" with great reluctance"

Lord Curzon made another vehement appeal to his friends to follow the advice of their lead. es, and talked in his most •11138/ior at) le of the degradation of the Ilonee of L...rds by the introduction of an element foreign to its traditions. I'd idently all was nit safe. The layslowne tea were very suli us about the result At one point, when I,rd Curzon was referring to the i partible ecr aequet tee, the Merriman if Bengt!, an ex-naval ntlicer, leaped up, and in a voice that could he heard in the foretop in a gale of wind, stscuted " That's berause .100 peers are gf ing to run away to night." Lord Curzon tried to be haughty with he interrupter. " I wr old rather run away with the Uuke of Wellington than stand with the wide lord." he Fah]. The breeey sailor with a vigor unit.ual in the House of Li Ms, retorted " I would rather fight with Nelson at Copenhagen than run away with p.n."

===== 0002601_19110812_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD iIALSBURYS APPEAL.

In a Ikuise paclud to every corner. Lord llalsbury made one mor• stubborn effort to round up his men. He succeeded so well cheers ilu,t greeted him were so full of force that Lord Nosehery, coming again to the table, declared that though he bad asked noble lords to abstain from vu ling, be intended cow to vote for the Govet nment. Up sprang Lord Selborne to face Lord Itcsebery with his words si.oken on L..lth May, when be Saul he G&W no use in prolonging Ilie esiatence of a pArer:ess Second Chamber.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DIVISION.

Finally, the division bells rang. f.wd Lanadowne led his men out of the chamber and making his may 'to the balcony Irebind the thr,ne with loru Curzon and Lord llfidlet,m, leaned over the balcony, eagerly ' watching the peers below as they filed slow /y to the right of the 'brine and the left of the bar. In tense silence the lobby doors were rrened. A line of Bishops came slowly up frcm the Government lobby. A file of peers led by Lord Landaff on crutc lie ft came out of .he Opposition lobby. Two Bishops - Bangor and Worcester—were among them, and possib,v they were pr.," in the pre.session of Lord Chinricaide. The Pule cf Northumberland came last, and then the door was closed. Ike area were Mill cowing out of the the r lobby. Peeresses , rose and leaned over the balcony. Everybody watched ' the faces of the leaders tn the drama. _ _

The result was moon appart nt. Lord Selborne sank back in his sear irk a look or disgust. Lord Haldane retried coutentelly. The Liberal Whip. amid loud cheers, real the slip from the clerk, and took it to the I.ord Chancellor. a. ho read out the figures given above.

The Govt rumen( had won. The " Pie lards' ia their disapy ins, and the crowd slowly melted allay. Thiseijajo was over,

===== 0002601_19110812_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ST. BURNS RAILWAY MrSHAP. GIRLS STRUCK BY ENGINE.

An extraordinary mishap befell two St. Helena lasses on Sat urday night, end one of them rtc Weed serious Injuries to the held by being knocked down by a passenger train engine. The girls. Martha Almond 'l6 , of NI, Materdale.cresoent, and Alice Lea (Li), of 6, liarrh•n.street, Sutton, were walking into the town when for some reason they left the wed and went along the venal lank, reaching a point nes r the Itayon.street Bridge, where the footpath rossett the linen. They were ttanding cot the rails 0h,,. about seven o'clock the passenger train from St. Helena Junction came iu sight ol the crossing and the station. The engine driver BAR the girls and whistled. hut t hey , paid no heed, aa they were witching anorhyy train go by. Re/dieing that he could not gain their attention, , the driver applied his brakes, but RBA unable to stop the train helore it reached the girls. They were caught he the buffer and knocked out of the way, but Martha Almond fecyived a heavy blow on the side 01 the head, and later it wig found that her Moill was fractured. Aline Lea was cut over the eye, but escaped 11160 a serious injury. BANK HOLIDAY AT ST. HELENS.

August Bank Holiday plumed off in a pleasant nod uneventful manner at St. Helena. Splendid ...ether enabled the organisers of the rations Sunday Schcol Deals to carry out their processions, n 1 fresco teas. nod juvenile Neoax in the moat saliafectory manner. Holy Cross and Loon Howie Catholic Church°, held a joint albletic ctetiog at Denton's Green, e here the sports for the men's sodalitiet pruned m 4 at attractive. leo thoutand Congregational Sunday School tcholars were also entertained at Denton'. Green, and the Men's Brotherhood cam-lel out a !Tort. programme. St. Mark's Schools and Bible class. were entertained in the grounds of liaresllnch Park, and Christ Church, Ecclestun. were locatml near Eccleston Hill. The children of the Presbytetian Schools were conveyed by epecitl trams to Mr. Ilan3iltoo's grounds at Carswood, and these end numerous whirr treats were c 'Died out without serious niieLap. The streets of the town ware deserted all day, hilt in the late hours of the evsn'og crowds of can;, holiday-makers were trudging home tom station nod tram tatosious. titter having thoroughly enjo3ed the lust great holidey of the summer.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUNG WARRINGTON AT PRESTATYN.

The Warrington Poor Children's Camp at Par statyn has again afforded 1•22 Warrington lads a good time at the seasside. The detachment entrained at War- rington at I() 7, win last Saturday. in company .601 eight officers including Mr. J. J. Fmk, local Police Court Mi•eionary, who auperintends all arrangements with the lads. Prestatyn wan not at all inviting on arrival there. for rain fell in torrents, hut as the day wore on better weather conditions were evident and when even ng had set in the rain i.topped, and the sun net in a quiet sky. S inlay for the greater part was wet and Mt not help to nettle the lade. Lut at tea-time the wind changed and another lovely evening ended the day. Much has been -I,ne to afford the lads a really goo<holiday. Advent ige Las been taken of the bathing facili.ies which are good here. 'they revel bathing, and a sKoaii order is not necessary to get them on parade when bathing i. made known. A picture not easily forgo:ten is that of overt. hundred lads rudt'ng fell well into the net, as it expends itte'f on the pebbled be_ch. They dance and sing ia the bright sunlisht while the white foam and crystal spray make a nal living picture. Parer.t. cf the children would never f rget such a .-ight. and ttey would gee , such as they could ,dror.l to lint ins itutiou s joy and min li, hea'th and vigour to many a biddy lad. We mutt not forgot that this home of so I much hrulth and en.pymelit is s:tirated en the North Wale. ('coat, in a VAMP which has become , intensely p pular by the j &trot age it receives f.om all classes of pent le. We think then of the lads who came out from Warrington with pale thin faces and little energy to visit this lovely spat at no, expense to their poor parents, to return again with vigour, brightness and "done brown,"as they say. The rambles to favourite spots co the mountain tide, the games in health-giving breezes, and the glowing armn have made all the difference, and all this is only possible through the:medium of the Poor Children's Camp fund. For those whose lot it is to deal with the lads in camp, there is work, arid not a little respontilrility, but to engage in games with them and enjoy their tricks is real com- pensation. They are lade, tut they are only lads, ith the tricks and pranks of such. Th,se who work with tlem under these cmdirions, apish! tri•li that wore War, ingtonians could see them hire at play, at me -Is and at rent. 1,-n- all who subscribe or in•en,l to do to, the best testimony to the work can hen ell in the faces of the Warrington youngsvrs as they etnerge from Bark bay Station on a Friday night in the seas.. The officers nho have birdie given tl eir services during the torrent reek are Orcarke. POl'l 9. A pp't to, , It oddy, Ps mons ge Lightfoot.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER CANAL TRAGEDY.

There have teen several dr iwning tragedies in the St. lielens and Sankey coral within a few weeks. The latest occurred on Tues.lay night, shout Line o'clock. when Margaret Iht•iee the proprietor of a chipped potato shop in Crow-tune %WA, ElltlfftlOWD, was drenceri.

It is stated that sl,e went out shunt 7 30,11.” ing that she was going to the theatre. Mr.. bevies was • woman of excellent character, but had domes to troubles. Ste bought a bottle of avbitkey, sod later she was .emt by a crowd of children to take oft her jacket and jun p into the canal. A number of men attempted a rescuv, but twenty minutes elapsed before ate vas recovered. and life was then ex' 'act.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
EATING'S POWDER KILLS FLEAS FLEAS BEETLES MOTHS BUGS. PLEAS MOTHS BUGS. TINS 1? S° 6. I• I Nil IN

TUE LIGNIFNING CON [ESL Price. poo free. 1/1 W:th nut, if? Abeestely twins t (MM. CO. Mb° S pI.SIt Fo.lntain Ye., •r !ravel!. Col,ector. etc .1,0 THE ARNOLD CHEMICAL CA.. • Henrietta IL, C Landan, W.C.

FREE SHOES /44 11.1111 ONLT 6d. WZMELY. 4,9 d, bets 8,19,t,r.fr 9d 0, sit 1454 t•=ol:.°V-Zty"3l,42i° 4/41 WWI, •91.440•.

WATCHES. • uplau • Tell AT WHOLESALE TIICS 11. li.ll4s4Asei alLt•r Cum. LAC•I34, 34.0. Clamorc 37 • KW' P 555. From E. O. A 4501.0 & CO I. Henrietta IR., Camel Cl•rdan, Lestioe Ir• Int 17..1.•• 5. 4.4 I

RHEUMATISM. SCIATICA, B LUMBAGO. A NII *II nen, liiierion lie • loin., an., onto ./-11. and openti.y nivel onnin• ni 111ARKOIA lll.ollliii. a On, I. awl enin eh: ..t r.,nwly onsiire.l t:.•U.k Preterli4 no. Slany thini.ancle s'l .it rt. the sentl I not. their health to thi. main elinoi r.no,..ie I. • 1.. 1.1. Moat Chinni,. %twit then.. sei Chenint ran °Mal. thorn. or tin, wi:l be ient r•nt free nn receipt of pri, by The Il I Fort Clieir!cal OS. 6t. Jobe Stmel. Luslost, E C. "'

===== 0002601_19110812_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
igtters -DI

, f 4 ,LI to the E T012.‘ `l4' -

===== 0002601_19110812_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Extraordinary Travelling.

Sir,—On Bank Holiday a party of about 50 succumbed to the wiles of the London and North- Western Railway Company, and look advantage of the excursion to Windermere. The return journey commenced at 9 p m., and we should have reached Warrington (according to the promise of the Railway Company) at 11.25, but it was almost 3 o'clock before we arrived. The journey from Windermere to Preston was done in fair time, the latter town being reached shortly after 11) o'clock. The extraordinary rate of travelling was from Preston to Warrington, 27 miles in something over four hours, ie. about six miles an hour. Of course, all fairminded persons are prepared to make some allowance for the rash of Bank Holiday traffic, but surely sun have a right to expect that the Railway Company should only arrange for such traffic as they can cater for with safety and with s.mething like reasonable despatch.— Yours, &c., CHAUVED.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Tariff Reform r. Free Trade.

Sir,--The onen air debate between Messrs. II Henshall and If. New cm claim to be the most successful ever held in Warrington. This was evidenced by the fact that according to estimate. fully s,teto individuals listened to it a ithout undue interruptions. The subject of controversy to attract so large a gathering - under such conditions cannot therefore be considered to be a " dead one" but • " living issue " of great vitality. Hay I also say that in the opbion cf many both debaters proved themselves able exponents of their respective " causes" and under the chairmanship of Mr. James Ball conducted the debate in a manner distinctly creditable to both. There was no loss of temper and no diecourteous remark. As a debate it was quite a shining example in this respect. Owing to the manner in which the debate was con- ducted—the great attraction it proved, the great interest excited—the light given to many who are not blinded by party prejudice and can rise also above party environment and the remarks that have been made by many who were present that they would like the two debaters to meet again under similar auspices lam impelled 0 ask whether the Tariff Reform League and the Free Tiede lrbim can see their way to arrange for a further deba.e between Mews. U. Henshall and H. New.—Yours faithfully, Warrington, August 10th. 1911

E. ENGLANP.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
The impossibility of Preference with India.

Sir,—! have pointed out in season and perhaps also out of season that Tariff Reform aa advocated in Great Britain and Tar it Reform as advocated in India are two entirely different and incompatible things. The former involves the admission of British goods into India free of duty ; the latter has as its first principle the exclusion of British Roods, especially Lancashire cottons, from India. Obviously to amount of logic-chopping can make these two things the same. Tariff Reformers have been I ath to accept this view, in spite of the native Indian speeches which I have instanced as proving its correctness. Writing to "Tire Times "of last Monelsy,Mr.Wadia, a prominent India cotton manufacturer, nays Mr. Balfour end the Tariff Reformers are willing to use India for their own Impose whibt denyirg to-India that Protection which they find essential for themselves If they are going to give an what Mr. Balfour and his friends intend, I would rather et., India remain fiscally as she is." _

nwsiir as wis is. If Mr. Balfour and the Tariff Reformers use the arguments of Indian Protectionists to support tleir own programme of Imperial Preference, how long will they ho able to resist the demand for the Protec- tion which India orally wants, namely, against Great Britain? What that cit mean will hr best realised from a speech of Mr. Bepin Chandra Pal : " The moment we have the right of self-taxation what tball wedo ? . . . we ohall impose a heavy prohibitive protective tat if! upen every inch of textile fabric from Manchester, upon every blade of knife that comes from &eds. What will the condition of I.aneashire be then ? "In 1909 we sent to It ilia 2,193.000,000 yards of cotton piece-goods. "—Yours faithfully,

W. ENEVER TODD, Statistical Secretary, (Free Trade Union).

August 9th, 1011

===== 0002601_19110812_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
The Insurance Bill and Insurance Agents.

Sir, --A there are all classes of professional gentlemen doing life insurance business," from bankers' clerks to those of the humblest calling, it should be interesting, with such an array of intelligence in our ranks, to know what class of "agents" all the blessings. or terrible pit falls of the bill are going to effect. Now that it is almost a certainty that our Life Assnrarce Offims, both ccanranies and societies, are to be allowed to become "approved societies" under the Bill, would it not be wise for on of tl.e agency staff to begin to estimate bow and to what extent it is lik.ly to affect U 3 -as the Adminis- tration of the Bill points towards I ecoming a ' part of our duty end as our leading (likes are in combine to watch bow will affect them. I am thankful for the framing cf the bill. "Wealth "in not the only qualifying factor in future. Again, the sariou• MaL:.,prr..enit will h•ve to be elected 17 the members. This sill boa severe teed for sine, seeing there in to be no preferential treatment. Chie and all must comply with the Commissioners for an "approved Society." Will the delegate system be compulsory with all' What will be the conditions for transfers from one society to another? For what reason areal! engaged as Insurance Agents left cut of the privileges good or had. Who will the Commissioners consists of? Will they form another set of " homes," knowing it is a task to satisfy those already existing. Bow will the Insurance men be paid for their duties under the Bill ? A standard rate ? These and many more important questions ought to have the serious consideration of all agents and others concerned, by "pen criticisms through the colums of your widely rend parer. Personally I helieve the Bill contains more blessings of betterment for the many than we all imagine.—l remain yours

A CLUB

===== 0002601_19110812_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Sunday Desecration.

Sir,—ln yonr last h.sue you gave an extrect from St. Paul's Parish Magazine, written by the Rev. W. Bracecemp. Therein be deplores the " growing tendency to ignore the Commandment ' Remember the Sahhadland keep it Holy,' "and condemns the recent Musical F. Mira' in aid of the Infirmary, and, I take it—all such festive, he!d in the Park on the Sabbath. This cry beard not only Ircally but throughont the country. Foor-fifths of the population either desire, or do not object, to theee pleasant means of epending a profitable boor. Why sepecially wtth a claim to broadmindedness—do the remaining fifth object ? The bulk of the per.ons attending these open-air concerts are compelled to y ass their other days enclosed in factories, workahope, offices. stc., whilst our c'erical opponent and his black army " of parasites have the means of taking full advantege of fresh air and sunehine. In Wales fifty years ago, ahoy of eleven was unmercifully thraebed for the dark crime of laughing on Sunday. Is this what the Rev. W. Brececentp would haves, revert to? Seemingly it is an, when he advocates following the example of our forefather,. What the majority say t the minority is this : " We leave you your Sunday with all the pleasure in the world. You may pray and preach and sing and beg until you are black in the face, no far news ere concerned. Why won't you let.. have ours on the same terms?" One can quite understand the attitude of the clerics on this natural evolutnrion process, if • thought be given to the law of "the estroggle for exietence." Anyhow the people them- pelvis, are better able to judge as to what kind of Sunday observance is moot beneficial to them, and it is gratifying to note their preference for a healthful. recreative Sunday. —Yours truly. 83, lythgoes-lane, Werrington.

1. SHAW.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
The Great Liberal Meeting.

Br. A. H. Crosfield and Mr. Balfour.

Sir,—As one ht the "Old brigade" (now, alas for- gotten) I was pleased to read your report of the splendid meeting held at Bridge Foot to men the new Liberal van. 1 was delighted to see one of the oldest veterans of the Tarty taking part in the meeting, one who has (along with a low • there) done so much during the dark days of Warrington Liberalism, when it was • matter of the greatest difficulty to keep the " pot boiling." Hating been agent for 17 yam, I kt ow something of the stress and anxieties of the few leaders of the party in those times.— Alderman Pierpoint, Councillors Henry Roberts and C. Jacli eon Holmes, Mr. Furness, itc.,—but still we managed to keep the" ship" afloat, and kept the puty together and no made it possible to achieve a glm ions victory. when circumstances rare more favourable than they had been for "A years, sir ). in 1906. . . . .

I was glad to see the fighting spirit displayed by the various speakers to such a grand audience, but there is one little tly in the sugar," one matter I cannot understand or agree with, and that is Mr. Crosfield's persistent flattery of Mr. Balfour. Is he (Mr. Balfour) the " gentleman " no often held up to us as worthy of our esteem? I say emphatically no. As a member of the" fourth party "did he not do all he could to obstruct all Liberal Legislation ? Is not this the "amiable gentleman" who sent that ter ible telegram Do not hesitate to shoot " the men who were fighting for freedom in Ireland ? Isn't he the same " gentleman" who lased ouch " vile epithets " to Mr. Ilre, who later on, in the goose of Commons proved his statements up to the hilt. Did this " nice gentleman "apologies to hi. brother countryman for the insulting language he had used to him P Again, when the " Ilughligans " were at their " dirtv work " the other day rid Mr. Balfour, the leader of his party, take the opportunity when he spoke later on. to apologise for the " ungentlemanly rowdyism " of his followers? Certainly not, instead he made most insulting charges agaiflat the Government, whose statement he had not heard.

He may be all that Mr. Crosfield says in private life, but politically he remindn me of that ' rily tongued gentleman' who works the 'confidence lodge' on" Green 'um." Again, take hie Tech on Monday evening, in introducing the "censure ' resolu- tion, a apeech which is full of insulting and dirty charges again the Government, before the statement lof Mr. Asquith, explaining the whole circumstances had been made to the House.

Truly be is a worthy leader of " Hughligan " followers, and—to quote the words of • former Tory leader (Mr. Disraeli)—thq leader of " an organised hy. poet isy. "Oman of " floutaand jibes and sneers."— Yours truly,

JOHN CLAYTON

Pailgate-lane, _ _ Warrington, August, Oth, 1011

===== 0002601_19110812_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
The Connell and Cookers.

Sir,—Srme remarks at the hwt meeting of the Town Council call for mere than pawing notice. They were made during the consideration of the minutes of the Gas Committee and related to gas cookers. The disuse and misuse of slot cookers by some hors, holders provoked what appears to he just criticism from the chairman.

Little harm wou'd bare been done to the good name of Warrington bad the criticism found thef right quarter and had its effect but, being a tit-bit o news, it bas been given free circulation all over the land to the discredit of the town which is troll d renowned as the principal seat of the gas stone industry.

"Co .kers for Cupboards" was about the first headline which struck my attention on opening seine of the most widely circu'ated trade papers last week. See the irony of it ! While other towns are appre- ciating in a rapidly growing degree, the advantages of gall cooking stoves and buy them from Warrington , by thousands weekly, ire rise them for eupbcarde. There in surely some reason,which ought to be found and remedied, for such lccal "innocence."

One wonders whether any adequate trouble is taken to see that housewives who have slot cookers fixed in their home have ever had the special featurrs explained to them or have bee n shown how to use them t ; best advantage ? It would stem nit.

The experience of w- users goes to skew that when once a woman han got thoroughly accustomed to the uae of a gas cooker she will not return to the trouble,dirt and uncertainty always countc!ed with the use of raw cal for cooking purposes. It is not sufficient, however, even in Warrington, to simply dump a cooker into a bootie tonsure its being properly appreciated and used. S race sometimes show how the wind blows, and if the showroom (or museum?) in Mersey-street is any indication it hardly seems that all possible is being done by the committee to keep Watrington up-to-date in this impottant direction. Another remark made seems to carry the impression that the two Warrington firms had put their heads together to bleed the town a bit.

-If this is true they deserve to have lost the trade, but-without knowing all the facts of the case - this seems decidedly doubtful in face of open com- petition and the relatively small advantage to be gained by either or both firms. , More light seems to be wanted on thin point. It II will be necessary to know that the cooker choteo ie as

efficient in every way as tho,e offered by the local makers at 10 per cent higher coot. Gas cookers—unlike gas mains— may appear sinaiLa and yet vary more than ten per cent in value to the user. Apart altogether from local bias some assurance on this point should be forthcoming. With reference to the principle of accepting an outside fender other things being equal,—every fair .ninded person will—after thinking the quet.tion out all round— support the action of the Council in the matter.—louts fiuly 10th Augu-t 011

KR

===== 0002601_19110812_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
CURIOUS CANAL MISHAP. Lymm Residents Startled.

Yesterday moving about Ul; I a startling mishap occurred on the Bridgewater Canal at Lymm. The sluice-gate near the Lyn= under-bridge had been lifted for experimental purpose., bat could not be got back into its old position, with the result that there was a rush of water down the Dane which could be heard all over the village. Crowds cf people flocked to the spot and found the escaping water was rapidly empt)ing the section of the Canal front Lymm to Grappenhall. Quite possibly this length will have to be drained before the necessary repair. can be effected —a serious outlook for the numerous anglers who patronise this water. Already the nut-rush of water luscarrird many fish with it, and the y wagger. of Lyntm have beea having fine sport hunting the finny creatures in the low-lying meadows.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRITORIAL WARFARE.

Ye.terday morning in Farleton Camp, baggage were being loaded up with food and blankets, and a convoy was being sent along the main road, south, towards Carnforth, to prepare a c3mp for the night. A correspondent states that on Thursday the Scottish Army, represented by Colonel Adams's north infantry brigade, composed of Territorials of Bolton, Preston Lancr”ter, and Barrow-in-Furnevs, inflicted, a crushing defeat on the South Lancashire Brigade, who were yeiterday fighting rearguard actions, whilst their baggage was taken away to a place of safety. Bully beef, biscuits, tea, cc lee, at.d waterproof sheets were hurriedly loaded up so that the defeated army could bivouac in the open wherever General Bethune decided. The convoy work is encellent mining for the transport and &apply columns, who have several useful motor waggon, in camp.

Buckley-street PS A. Picnic. Ideal weather favoured the members of the above Society on the occasion of their &Dotal outisg on August Bank Holiday. Alderley Edge was the ',me and two open conveyances and a pirty of cyclists, numbering in all over 70, made the journey, retorting from Warrington at 8 a.m. On arrival at the pretty Cheshire village the f arty made their headquarters at Yates' Restaurant where an excellent lunch atm pro- vided. The picnickers afterwards rambled round the immediate neighbourhood of the Edge and the stony beauty spots were greatly appreciated by all. The camera men Were, Of 00Cir., in their element •midet snob surroundings end assent views were takto as ntemeatoee of the •isit. The party had become scattered into groups, but a sort of fellow-feeling found the whole lot beck again at the restaurant at tea-time. Further explorations were afterwards made amongst the beautiful scenery and beautiful places of interest were visited, secluding the recently re-opened copper mines. : A most enjoyable journey homeward was made in the cool of the evening, Warrington being reached in good time. The arrangements for the picnic were undertaken and ahly performed by Messrs. J. Leech (boo. sec.) and . Taylor (hon. trans..

===== 0002601_19110812_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
WRIGHTON-SANKEY.

THF B]

The pretty village of Croft 4,84 all song on Thursday, when a larah.onalie wedding took place at Christ t loch, in tie pre,ence of a °roe ded c grega• tion. Ile !hide was Mi.. A onia Eliza Omer d Sankey, eldest daughter of Mr. Enoch W. Sankey. of Croft, one nf the best-known agriculturists in the district, and :he bribcgremn Mr. Charles WriNhton, eldest no of Mr. Chart. Wlighton, of flambe or,b, seer Birn.ini.ham. The church was point-trowel, decorated with sheave. cf corn, h nod .ith ribbou and the altar sane mode more I eauttful by the ibtrrfe &lotion of palms and choice whbe flow, 3 Ibe entrance to the church a. d pulpit were embellished (with entil, a. 1i.., ollit iiting clew were the Meta. 11. I Warleson (clone of Vent.), Cl. Vale Or en and It P. Wi:d Mr. Hard.,u pr shied or the organ and in the comae of Me a mice he played the •hrirlal m mb from '• Loheng in" and Ideudelse ho's popular wedding march, besides accomp raying theei ngtagation in the singing of" The voice that lambed o'er Eden " an I

o • ,•:•, „ ~...,.- ,44 .. .. . ' . itt ..0 • 0,4 1I 1 # .., , r. . SN t ` -7' il 1 - • • i - 4 _ 4, 4'•e,„:: 4., t ' , ',.‘r50,'10... , ......,:; -- :1,. it'''. i . i... „, 1..• , , . ‘ is iT ,k, A 4 --, .: , • t . .. ll• b..71‘ , i ,•-..,.. .. ..., 0 ... 1 -. . ,0. •,, „hp . ~. ... • Api " 1: - 1 Photo litrel• 1 - -

===== 0002601_19110812_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING

Photo Tong,

The competitioe for the Croslleld Cup mks conclude d last Saturday at the Liberal Club. Particular/ 1 lIIRD J Smith, ... 4 C H }fibbed, 4 ... 6 IT Locker, 1 ... ... 12 B Webb, 2 15 W H DUtIOD, 3 ... 10 T O'Brien, 1 15 _

R Howard, 5 H Conning, 7.. 15 H Cook, S. 15 F CIPLOO, .. 19 J Barlow, 3 ... 13 R Barron, 5 ... 15 W !Anglo', S . 14 C Alois, 4 ... 15 T Critobloy, 1 ... 15 J E Warren, 4 FOURTH BOUND. T O'Brien H Cook

IS H o;oiii; Brown ... _ .

C Algie 14 T Critchley SEMI-FINAL. Webb 9 T O'Brien 11 Cook T Critobley T O'Brien

FINAL.

oPit 414 • I ,k•-) 411 1 1

MR. H. COOK. -'— Winner of the '' Croefield Cup."

===== 0002601_19110812_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TARIFF REFORM TRIP.

8,000 CHILDREN AT FRODSHAS,

Pious wha'ercr motive ats ip was engineered by the Wa-tingtou Wo t en's Tariff Reform League, it turned out to he a divi ict success. 0.1 Thursday morning fully 8,000 children were early eetir with pleasant anticipations of a picnic to the picturesque bills at Frodeliam. Tue children of the various wants met in arranged cen'ren and multi before nine o'clock were on their way 1, Arpley Station, marching to the music of the followingbands --Boy Scouts (Beers°, and Town Hall Ward.); Boy Scouts (St. Austin's and Whitterms) ; Bluecoat school (Orford) ; Padget. Cottage Homes (St.J.Aut'e); League of the Lion, Drum and life Band (Fsti field and . Howley, and B y Scouts (Latchfotd). Seven special trains were requisitioned and immediately on arrival at F'rodsham, the children formed in their respective I sections and were marched slowly up to the top of thel hill. A. everybody is aware, on the way up a; wonderful panorama of beautiful Cheshire country ml obtainable and Wised by glorious weather the members of the wry were not slow to appreciate the view. Each child, whether Tariff Reformer or Free Trader, bad to wear a ribbon bearing the inecription of the Women's Ta,iff Reform League. Of coarse, they did not in the least object, a holiday was a holiday after all, they said By wise forethought the gut ate, once arrived at Mersey View, wet e confined to the grounds —there was no rambling ever the hills at their sweet Iva or getting Imt in the cant But beeides having a splendid scenic view and delightful fresh air the addle, were afforded ample means of enjorment, the follow- ing amusements being at their dispoeal —flattop- skelter, rowing boats, and eerial flight. Mr. W. Kilduff's niggler troops was in attentlacce and also Professor Wilson's Pooch and Judy Show. limkey rides were allowed •nd freely in(fulgrd in. After a. substantial dinner, consisting of tea, with meet pie, caltil and bread and butter (weed up in bags), the afternoon was spent in games and amusements. While tea,. which was compesed of practically the same fore ...- that for dinner wasproceeding, Sir Gilbe:t Greens Bart.,artived and was greete I with cheers which Wel also accorded to her Ladyship who had been pretext all day and had been miniatering with n 6 meagre etitlioniasm to tle comfort of the little ones. After tea the National Anthem was heartily sung end half-an-bour later the children were forming for the journey down the hill. The first train tell about 715 and the last at 830. On reaching Warrington the childreo marched through the streets Mooing and chewing. We append the names of the marshals :—Towe Hall and flewsey Wards, Councillor W Rogers, Councillor W td J Jenkins, Mr W L Williams SI. Anetio's and Whitecrosa Ward. Counrillor W H Wien and Councillor 3 Broadhurst. Sir G II Smith aid Mr W Carter; Orford Ward and Orford Village. Me J A Rushworth and P L Edgar , St John's Ward. Councillor T S Steel, Councillor F Lnahford Messrs

ireeirnll

t. 101173

===== 0002601_19110812_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
RIDE AND BRIDEGTO:M, AND BRIDAL PARTY.

'God be with theta. " The bride, who was given away by her father, de k.d charting in a dress of ivhry satin with an overdress of chiffon embroidered with rryatala ant plias and lace cfrar.trlly. Her .Ott train yes rmbrr id red en an;te and lrer bouquet consisted f whi e lirrathar and lig.* • f the valley. Tire brieesmaide were Mi-ees wendo'ine Sankey udder of the b Lk), Cirinishare ( cousin of the bride), ad Welker (cousin of the litidegrhout). They all a ra.e dre nes hf c'.ar.trlly race over ' pink, and caps t mitelo They cars irrd bouquets of coral pink rose, and their ornanrerds w. re gold and petidot p. art bar girs, the gifts of the bridegroom. The bride's con t train lele borne by th. Miaow; Harguerite and Lillian Sank y Waters of the bride) ardl blaster Her' ert Brookfie:d. The lit It girls were daintily attired in white Fremb mato dresses with cape t. match. They ea tied baaketa fti c rat pink no .n and w ire go'd slays laangdrs and Haater Ilrook-

W Broole, P.-ter nt I r Fair& ld Rod H0...7e) Ward, C inlet 11 Archer, Hee.re 0 H W steel. Geerge Allen, U bled It ck : Latch( pi Wald, Coo, eillor W J WPasm. C G Stone, R Done, ar..l A Jou itt. Among t e larliet rre.rant were •—.51end..m... Ryland& Fulton-Smith. W. P. Tylentla. Per•onage, Hellion, Rushworth..iniley. Berry. Bowman. Vkl.lloll, Fox, ' Stahl.). and Shot t. Mime. Houghton, S otthurat and Rushwortb.

field wore a white satin suit with Nal%leon hat, end a gold tie pin, the gift slb. bridegroom The duties cf best man were discharged by Mr. Edward Wrighton (brother of the b. idegrona). After the marriage cere- mony the reception w 16 held at the borne of the bride's parents, when about 150 guests sat down to 'neck- fast. The catering we, in the efficient hands of the Wiemarleigh Cafe Company who also supplied the wedding cake. Later in the day the happy couple left for the continent via London. The bride travelled in • grey costume, with urge lot Sal ocrich feather. A large number of costly presents were received, including the following Bride to bridegroom, rimming rare Bridegroom to bride, cheque Father of the bride, clic'''. Mother of the bride, houarboid Erse Father of the bridegroom, cheque ' Mother of the bridegroom, canteen of silver mad cutlery

£4l, as compared with the average cost of £23 due to other maladies. Using these figures as a basis for the experience of all societies we arrive at the total outgo of £1,120,000, apart from the amount given at death by some of the societies. THE NATIONAL WASTE.

But this only covers a comparatively small part of the national cost of consumption. The annual expenditure of the Poor Law Guardians for indoor treatment of those patients specially treated as consumptives, is calculated to be £420,000 per annum. The outdoor relief, due to this illness, and the destitution caused thereby, must be greatly in excess of the amount expended on indoor treatment. We have further the amount spent by charitable institutions and private individuals,which it is impossible to calculate except by introducing a great deal of guess work. We can, however, get some idea of the amount expended by considering one Ibranch of charitable work. Taking the charitable institutions for the special treat- ment of consumptives in separate buildings, and using the published balance sheets, including of course proportion of upkeep of Institution, we find the cost on the average is £lOO per bed. We have it on the authority of Dr. Latham and Charles Garland in their admirable book "The Con- quest of Consumption," that there are 4,172 beds, which at £l.OO per bed gives an annual total of £417,200. No doubt such calcula- tions are liable to error, but it is probable they err mostly on the side of under-estimating. Taking, however, costs fairly accurately !known, and adding to them the serious I deduction due to loss of wage-earning power and of life capital, but leaving out the unknown quantity of personal expenditure and private and privately organized charity we arrive at the huge sum of over £9,000,000 spent annually in England and Wales. We have thus an enormous material, national loss, which could be saved if this disease could be stamped out. And all who have any authority to speak bold that it could be stamped out. or at least reduced to the narrow limits in which cholera manifests itself in this country. But this material aspect is perhaps the minor consideration. The larger question is the amount of human suffering and want which this disease entails, the homes that are broken up by the death of the breadwinner, the widows with a weight too heavy to be borne, crushed down and reduced to want, and the children robbed of a parent's care and love THE CAUSES.

Happily the causes which produce con- sumption are now well known and are becoming more and more clearly defined. The medical profession know the bacillus which produces the disease, and the manner in which it enters the body and attacks the lungs and other organs. We now know that it is an infectious disease, and is communi- cated frennently by contaminated milk (the bovine type), and also directly from one point to another, also that it is not hereditary although the conditions which create tendencies may be. We now know that its inception can be prevented, and that it is curable in its early stages. We further know what is perhaps after all of greater importance, that the disease cannot make headway in a thoroughly healthy body, and further that the predisposing causes can be removed. Yr. John Burns has aptly described consumption as "the child of poverty, the daughter of ignorance, the offspring of drink, and the product of carelessness." Professor Brouerdel says "that a public-house is the purveyor of consumption, and that alcohol is the most potent factor in its propagation." The medical protession generally agree that alcohol predisposes the individual to tuberculosis by its paralysing action, and its asphyxiating influence on the cellular pro- toplasm, which when so affected is no longer in a condition to resist the invasion of a parasite. Consumption follows fairly closely the poverty line as well as the line of alcoholic consumption. As pauperism diminishes, consumption declines. Except where had housing and drink counteract the effect of high wages and cheap food, tubercu- losis recedes as the general comfort advances.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAR AGAINST CONSUMPTION.

'THE CAPTAIN OF THE MEN OF DEATH."

By C. E. Parker)

There are 40,000 deaths from pulmonary tuberculosis (i.e. consumption of the lungs) in England and Wales each year; if we include Ireland and Scotland the number is nearly doubled. Taking the average dura- tion of life from the inception of the disease to the time of death as five years, there must be at least 200,000 persons in England and Wales suffering from consumption. The proportion in Ireland and Scotland is still greater. More people die from consumption I alone in one year than officers and men killed in the three and a quarter years of the South African war. The number of deaths in Warrington from this disease is about 80 annually, which would indicate that there are constantly about 400 persons in the Borough who are enduring the long drawn ] out suffering peculiar to this complaint, and whose lives are darkened by the ever present ] shadow of impending death. In addition to the deaths from consumption there are about fifty annually from other forms of tubercolosis. The greatest mortality is at the period when life is most valuable, that is between 35 and 45 years of age, an age when a person is in his, or her, prime, and when such have others depending upon them for parentage and support. The disease kills one in every ten of the population of England and Wales. In Ireland it kills one in every six (1906). There are however signs of improvement in Ireland due largely to the efforts of the Women's National Health Association headed by Lady Aberdeen.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TOLL ON THE WORKERS.

While the average-number of deaths from consumption is one in ten, i.e taking deaths of all classes in account, the mortality ' amongst the working class adults taken separately suggests a higher average. The Ireturns of those Friendly Societies that have kept records of this particular disease indicate Ithis. The Ancient Order of Foresters (in 11901) show that amongst their members the 'deaths from consumption of the lungs were 15.11 per cent of the total number of deaths, say one in every seven, and the ratio of these deaths to the total membership was 19 per 'thousand. Amongst the wives and widows of members the loss from consumption was 13 23 per cent and the ratio 15 per thousand. The Hearts of Oak Benefit Society in 1904 shows a loss as high as 18 per cent, over one in every six. There is reason to believe that the poorer class of wage earners who do not as a rule join Friendly Societies show a larger average of deaths from this disease than is indicated by the above figures. Poverty 1 and consumption go together as cause and effect._

T. E. Hayward at the British Con- ference on Tuberculosis gave the result of I some calculations as to the effect of this disease on the expectation of life. He finds That supposing consumption were extermin- ated the average length of life for each individual born would increase 21 years, while the average expectation of life of those who survive to 15 years of age would have an increase by about 3V4 years. High as the death rate is, the amount paid in the relief ot sickness by Friendly Societies is relatively higher, ranging between 20 to 25 per cent, of the whole of the sick relief given. It is very evident that if the sickness due to other forms of tuberculosis were added to that of the lungs, quite a quarter of the total sick money distributed by Friendly Societies would bo due to tuberculosis in one form or other. The amount distributed by Friewily Societies for the relief of sickness is £4,060,00. annually ; therefore, the amount paid to com- sumptive cases will be about £1,000,000. The experience of the Hearts of Oak Benefit Society shows that the average coot of each consumptive member receiving benefit, is

===== 0002601_19110812_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRESS MADE.

The study of the disease picturesquely called by John Bunyan "The Captain of the Men of Death,' ' the means employed and the knowledge gained to battle with this "Death Captain "are already bearing fruit. During the last forty years the deaths from tuberculosis in England and Wales have been

reduced over fifty per cent; in Scotland over- forty per cent., while in Ireland there has been a slight increase during the whole period but signs of improvement are evident in the- last few years. Of European con ntries England leads the way. Of the capi tale or these countries London leads. But this is no reason for relaxing our efforts. The scourge in England is still great, the death roll still high, the human suffering still awful. Everyone worthy of the name of Englishman should take his part in this department of National Service and by private effort, or by aiding collective action, should assist in ridding these islands of this terrible scourge.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19110812_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON, WROYZEIDAf.

PRIEM Boos, 8 sad 0. LAROR BoLES, 1J 101. YooH BUTTEJI, Is 24 and Elm ALL SOLLS, Is Id. I. 3d DoßKllso Csrobrs Ss Ed saes Circars, 7d and Bd. DLTKLINOB 38 6d each RABBITS, 10d and is. S Llion TROUT, Is 81. FowLtn(oospin)4aodto 52 Od InmoN &mita, Is. DUCKS (aospllo, Od to fle 6d HALIBUT, 10d. to la. PoTATona, Sato II nioad. Cob, 6d. Bear, 641 to 10d per lb. 11• KR, SI. MuTrOK,Od to 10d per lb. PLAice, 9d. PORK, 6rl to Bd. per lb LOBSTERS, IS od. VEAL, 7d to 10d. SALMON, la 41 to 1.101. EsoLiall LAMB, 8d to lid BYESIO,III ItippocK BRILL, Is. WRIAT.—d. 10d to 5a per 7010.. OnTs.-2n 10,1 d to 2a 114 d par *lbs. 14' aw OSTS.-24. Rd. to is. 151 d. per 4310 e. CLOVER H•T.-24 to £4 Is. per too. STRAW .C 2 2a. 6d. to £2 Se. par ton XX FLOUR.-23s par 210 lb.. Baas-100 per 2010..

===== 0002601_19110812_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
LEGAL FIRST AID.

COLLECTING SMALL DEBTS.

For the benefit of those who wink to know bow to put a debtor in the County Court we glee the mode of procedure. Find. you fro to the County Court of your district and ask (Or some forms of pneri p, Fill in cue of (liege, with your name as plaintiff and that. :if the debtor defendant, taking care to put your full Christian name, and your eddies. !either residence or place of buminem) and your deseription—e.o. "grocer "—also the iefendant's Christian name, if you know it, and his address and description. You must also fill in a nliort statement of your cause of' action and the amount of debt or damages claimed. Whew your claim in for more than £2, sou nnost, take to the Court and hand in part iculu rs of the demand. ulaowin the :terns There most be • copy of particulars for each defendant, and a copy over, which is for the judge.

===== 0002601_19110812_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
BAILIFF SERVES TUE SUMMON'S,

When you }mud in tile prwripe and par- ticulars to the clerk at the Court, yon mdl pay at the rate of Is, in the k for Court fees. except that you never pay mom than lffli. Besides this, if your claim is over 40s. you pay In. extra. Beyond £lOO you cannot go to the County Court. In return the clerk. will band you. what is called a 'plaint note'• The bailiff of the County- Court will me to it that the summons is served upon the defen- dant. On the day named in the domino:is yon appear at the County Court. and pay a farther fee of is, in the £ an "tracing fee -; except. tl:at wnere the defendant admits the claim, or you agree with him for judgment for a certain amount, or he does not Ammar to contest the claim, you pay Is. in the L. and in sow, ens, Is. or 2s. over. If the dc• fondant do, not admit di? claim, you, must be prepared to prove it. Someone mint givo evidence who took the order or delivered tha goods. or to whom the defendant admittA his liability. Anil always take yin.. "plaint rote " with you. or you will not be beard. Your hearing fee on a claim over £3) is the some as on £2O. {Chen you have gat your judgment, you may issne execution sgainat the debtor', goods, if ho have any. And you will pay Is, fid. in the £ on the amount for which you imuc th, warrant of eiree-'' ''-•5 3b.. by tie

but mat more than 90 This warrant is prepared at the County Court. to whom you must go rot make your request. taking cure to show him the "plaint note '• rolpay the fee.

n any event ekek

===== 0002601_19110812_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
I,IARRIA4E.

AUSTI,—LeN,,I.EY-00 the 4th Ausust at The. Lhedrel, Qoebee, PQ., by the W. L. Archer, MA., Vicar of La Those, P.Q Poroleel Cro.tbot Angle, of Ls Toque, P.Q. (formerly of Stocktott Meath) to Ooetrude Weepy (reaotly of West Ilertlepool,Eoglead). (By able).

WA RRIXOTOP.—Pri [Ref sad Published by JoBN W A LI Ita a CO. (Warriegton), I.td., at The Neensiser Genera( Printise Works, lemsay-menet, and published by them at the sr me place, and also st 2, The Eits miner Offices, Vlctoria-road, WI ONLY. 3, Georiestemt. ST. HILLINI. 3, Market atreet, ESSLCTOS. Qiurch-street, Rum:oss. AUGUST 12 1911.

===== 0002601_19110812_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W, P. HARTLEY S Seville Orange MARMALADE is absolutely pure.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME. 70—TWICE NIG HTLY-11 0. MONDAY NEXT, AUGUST lemr, 1911. MARIE SANTOI AND HER COMPANY OF MERRY JAPS. PALACE PERFECTION PICTURES. WALTER STANLEY, Comedian. DAN VERB and ROSSLYN, in their Vocal Pianoforte Abaurdlty. BARNES sod WEST, American Dancers. HAPPY ATTWOOD, The Great Little Comedian. SHEPHERD end GRANVILLE, Comedians. BELROSE and DEVE LIN, Duettists sad Soloist & HARRY M. VERNON'S CO. IN THE THREE THIEVES. Gallery, 2d.; Pit, WI. ; Circle, Rd. ; Stall., ls. OST on Wedoesday &mile& at or in the -1-4 Pictoredrome a Lower Set of ARTIFICIAL TEETIL—AppIy THZ PICTL REDROMIL R•ward. HAIECOMBINGS I suede up 2/.. per or. COVERLETTE I TAILS OF mond HAIR FRAMES, I PURE 5/6 FROM 3i6 EACH. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

BE GS:SEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), AUGUST Itnr, 191 L &foreleg 1030. REV. THOMAS MADDING. Evening 6.30. REV. E. BLANSHARD KEELING. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided. - BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET. TOMORROW (SUNDAY), AUGUST 13711. Morning_lo.4s. Evening 630. PREACHER : MiL W. DREWE IT, (Stockton Heath). BIBLE CLASS, 3 O'CLOCK. All intimate. Hymn Books provided. BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), AUGUST. Lim. PREACHER Rzw.JACKSON STEWART CHEDBURN. Morning 10 30. Erosion 6.0. OFFERTORIES. BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TOMORROW (SUNDAY), AUGUST Moamar. 10.30.1 MR. H. BLANE. MIMEO 6.90. REV. THOMAS MADDING. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. MEN'S BIBLE CLASS 2 13. APDRESS HY REV. J. STEWART CDEDBURN, _ Baptlist Minister. WYCLIFFE—CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), AUGUST 13m.1911. PREACHER REV. I. YONOF.. Morning 10.30. &moles 6.30. P.S.A. Ton. Ms AT 3 P.M. - s T. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TOMORROW (SUNDAY), AUGUST itrn, TOIL 10.45 am.: MR. H. DILLINGHAM. 630 rat.: REV. WM.REID, PROTESTANT CHURCHMEN are heartily Invited to the Serriate held every Sunday at 10 30 a.m. and 6.90 p.m. at Emmanuel (Reformed) Church, Bold St., Warrington. All teats free. Prater Books provided. REV. WILLIAM T. JAYE (Curate-in-charge,. KENT STREET MISSION, LATCHFORD. MR. JAMES E. SHAW, (Evangelist of Cliff College). WILL CONDUCT SERVICES FROM SUNDAY, Isni, TO FRIDAY. MR AUGUST. TIME OF SERVICES : SUNDAY, 11106500 1045, AFTERNOON, 3, (YouNG PEOPLE) EVENING 6.30, WIER-NIGHTS 7.45, WEDNESDAY NIGHT: Loopy.," The Apostle Peal." OFFERING IN AID OF BUILDING FUND. ALL ARE WELCOME. ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. Peorstrron Ids. JOSEPH BEECHAM. EsERAI, IdINdOER MR. A. M. LOADER. Amax. 51%am:en ( No. H. WARBURTON. ACKNOWLEDGED TO BE ONE OF THE COSIEST AND PRETTIEST THEATRE IN THE eIIOVINCES. MONDAY, AUCI.I4III, AND FIVE FOLLOWING NIGHTS. "ONLY A MILL GIRL' BY SHEILA WALSH. MR. HARRY FOXWELL AS "JOHN RAYMOND." MISS SHIELA WALSH AS" CONSTANCE DARVIL." For Time and Pries' roe other Bills. Tel. 460. W ARRINGTON DISTRICT NURSING ASiOCIATION. WORKING MEN'S COMMITTEE. THE ANNUAL MEETING Of the above Committee will te hold at the TOWN HALL Os SATURDAY NEXT, 19th inst., AT THREE O'CLOCK, Mn: W. P. RYLANDS, J.P„ will preside. Employees of all loos! Once, trendier* of Friendly Societies. An, are invited to send Deleptes. WARRINGTON PROGRESSIVE LABOUR LEAGUE. OPEN AIR MEETING AT BRIDGE FOOT, ON MONDAY NEXT, AUGUST 14TH, 1911. EPEAKER : COUNCILLOR JAMES KENDALL, J.P. (Manchester.) Chair tabs taken at 7.30 prompL BRITISH WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION. A PICNIC TO FRODSHAM ON THURSDAY NEXT, AUGUST 173 w. WILL FRIENDS PLEASE MEET AT BANK QUAY STATION FOR THE 2 O'CLK TRAIN. PENKETH, SANKEY AND DISTRICT GARDEN AND CAGE BIRD SOCIETY. THE limn ANNUAL EXHIBITION OF FLOWERS, FRIHT, VEGETABLES AND CAGE BIRDS. SATURDAY, AUGUST Writ. FIELD OPPOSITE INFANTS' SCHOOL, WARRINGTON ROAD, PENKETH. Opened S o'olook. Admisalon 6d, JOSEPH CROSFIELD & SONS, LIMITED.— 41 PER CENT. A DEBENTURE STOCK. The Transfer Books of this Company relative to this hem will he CLOSED from the 17th to the 31st Angus last. (both days incluaive) for the purpose of = ll.and Mating Dividend Warrants due lot (Signed) J. R. WARDLE, Secretary. Warrington, Aug. 11,1911. THE STOCKTON HEATH GARDEN SOCIETY. President SIR GILBERT ORIENALL, BART.. C.V.O. 11TH ANNUAL SUMMER EXHIBITION Will to held on SATURDAY. AUGUST 12th, 1911, AT WILDERSPOOL PARK To be Opened by MRS. LEGH, of High Legh Hall, At 3 p.m. Selections by the SOCIETY'S ORCHESTRA during the Afternoon and Evening. A full Minter of BOY SCOU TS will give a display of their vedette Drills during the afternoon. AFTERNOON TEA AND REFRESHMENT TINT! ADNIO.SION 2.30 p.m. to 5 p.ro•,6d. each ; Children half-mice ; 5 p.m. to °low, 3d. e,ach. 0. WHITE, Acting Hon. Secretary. 29, Ellesmere rd., Stockton Heath, Warrington THE GREAT HOLIDAY OF THE YEAR! SHREWSBURY GREAT FLORAL FETE. AUGUST 33RD & 54TH, 1911. Tan MOST SUPERB FLOWER SHOW IN ENGLAND 1.1,200 IN PRIZES. THE MAGNIFICENT BANDS OF H.M. ROYAL ARTILLERY (WOOLWICH) KM. IRISH GUARDS RE PERMISSION COMBINED BANDS XACH DAY FOR 3 HOURS, 120 PERFORMERS. EXTRAORDINARY PERFORMANCES BY TEE FINEST ARTISTES FROM THE CONTINENT, SPECIALLY INGAMID FOR THIS FETE ONLY, 40 SEPARATE PERFORMANCES EACH DAY; -- GREAT HORSE LEAPING COMPETITIONS, AICO IN PRIZES. -- GRAND BALLOON ASCENTS. BALLOON RACE. --- GORGEOUS FIREWORKS AND ELLCTRIC ILLUMINATIONS OF QUARRY TREES. BOATING ON THE SEVERN. SPECIAL TRAINS FROM WARRINGTON AND ALL PARTS. ADlSlnaros :—WEDNESDAY at ONE OULOCK,2s.6d. Til RS DA Y, all day. f corn ELEVEN, ls. H. W. ADNITT 1H W. W. NAUNTON

TENTS, SALE or HIRE, Cart Sheets, Horse- cloths, Cart Ropes, Twines, roofing felt &c. Repairs and Re-dressing.—ALEX McCONNELL. 96, BETTER MARKET-STREET (Opposite old ti-Werrell), WARRINGTON. TRE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is to receive loans, either at six months noticePorlnd term of years.—Appliostion to be made to lb. BOROUGH TRZABURIR, Moalcipal Offlora, Warrington. 1/1-R. WILLIAM COOKE, F.R. C.O.- Organixt JL Lyman Parish Church, glees lessons iz PIANOFORTE,&c. at purl residence. at 121 Church at., Runcorn, and at Brookfield Villas, Lytnee. Pepiß successfully prepared for tonn-fide examinations.

FREE. FREE. FREE. TO ALL USERS OF A GENUINE EDISON PHONOGRAPH A Moat Useful Article will be sent post f ree on receipt of • id. postcard, giving type of Machine—Gem, Standard, or Home—and Special Number of Machine, to JAKE GRAHAM, 711-76•, RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL.

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. PRICES 2/2,2/4, 2/6 and 2/6 par lb. THE NATIONAL TEA CO., 16, HORSEMARKET BT., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques given with the Tea may be exchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to • dividend of 40 per cent. Hiss ESTABLISHMENT 50, and 151, Friargate, Preston.

WARIUNGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICULTURAL "'SOCIETY. PRESIDENT :—SIR GILBERT GREENALL, BART. 22nd ANNUAL SHOW, WALTON PARK, near Warrington. THURSDAY NEXT, fini, AUG Us r. PRIZES, CUPS, JUMPERS, Admission : and MEDALS, is. up to 5 o'clock, TURNOUTS, afterwards 6d. SHIRES, value Gardens, Park and Show HUNTERS, Grounds Closed at 7.30 p.m. £7OO. CATTLE, &c, JUDGING COMMENCES AT 9.30 a.m. BAND OF THE CHESHIRE (EARL OF CHESTER'S) YEOMANRY, WILL PLAY SELECTIONS. Omnibuses will leave Bridge Street and Sankey Street, Warrington, at frequent Intervals for the Show. Fare each way 6d.

WALTON FLOWER SHOW, WALTON PARK, WARRINGTON. THURSDAY NEXT, AW,UST 17TH, 1911. GARDENERS' CLASSES FOR GROUPS AND lOLrIONB OF VEGETABLES AND CUT BLOOMS. . JAMES BAINBRIDGE, StoreGry. %hoe House, near Warrlng ton,

E 5 °I OTHLSI; OTnE lot iIisLENT 4 DAY £5 Icon, Repay £5 10s. £25 loan, Repay £27 10e. EIO „ „ Ell I £3O „ „ £33 £l5 „ „ £1610.. I £5O „ £55 820 „ „ £22 I £lOO „ £llO No swede., no delay, no publicity. Special attention applicants from this district. CHARLES PAIKIN, Ilk BRUNSWICK E1T.,0 X FORD RD., MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON ST..—lover Bredlev's Clothing Shop) NORTH WICK. 1.3 TO £l,OOO. rpm Is THE ONLY OFFICE WHERE PRIVATE 1. LOANS ARE GRANTED to all persons worthy of credit cithoot publicity or Money-Lender.' routine. If you require a PRIVATE LOAN, and honourably Intend to repay, then wsste no time on tempting adverts. It is admitted by hundreds of clients that our bosine. is conducted in straightforeard m . Repayments orin his arranged*. follows, or as mutually agreed upon. £5 loan 16 weekly I £5O loan 10/- weekly £lO „ 3/- weekly I £lOO „ 181- weekly £25 0/- weekly I £2OO „ 35/- weekly Interest from 2s. in the E. No connection with any other office. M. SEFTON, LTD., MISS COTTERILL, MANAGERESS, Si, CAIRO STREET. WARRINGTON.

TEETH EXORS OF TEETH J. H. PARKINSON 'TEETH MANCHESTER TEETH ATTEND TEETH 9 EGYPT STREET. TEETH WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Brooches at TEETH NORTHWICH, WINSFORD sea MIDDLEWICH TEETH Gift Load Papers).

WHEW! HOW HOT IT IS. "\\ll,ll7l' Quite impossible to go out without a SUNSHADE : ' - - in such weather. - Besides what a wonder- ful addition it is to every \\ well-dressed lady to have one of Wilson's Handsome Sunshades ELEGANT AND STYLISH TO SUIT EVERY TASTE. 'RELIANCE UMBRELLAS' ALWAYS IN DEMAND, FROM 1 3 TO 3 GUINEAS. RE-COVERING OLD UMBRELLAS AND RE COVERING AND RE-LINING SUNSHADES ARE WORTH YOUR ATTENTION REPAIRS BY etSMPETENT WORKPEOPLE. J. WI LSON CO UMBRELLA .9 EXPERTS, 48, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.

GOO . sAm N GREEN THE SPOT SHOP, T (FISH MARKET FOR EVERYTHING.

Mrs. WALSH Ladies' and Children s Outfitter SPECIAL SHOW WARNER'S RUSTPROOF CORSETS, guaranteed not to rust, break or tear. 50 8c 52. SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

RICHARD JEFFREYS, ha, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL I,II.AMIC MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Lazaeaserartsaratof Prams./ Plcteree aoltahls for Woddloa sod Birthday Preeeote, School Prizes, do. Tema moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYPH OP PICTURES-BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, nod BURNE4ONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS,

FOR ARTISTIC AND RELIABLE FURNISHING GOODS of every description AT THE LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH OR ON EAST TERMS BOLD ST., the PIONEER LIVERPOOL. All Goode Over 40. Gall or send for Large Illustrated Delivered Free. Money Saving Guide Free.

FURNITURE, DECORATION CARPETS, CURTAINS. ,°44`' TELEGRAMS. 7rENMI'... TE.LEPIIOt4E. 6203. or ,

We hold the largest stock of HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS In the North of England. AND SELL AT THE LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH. • 34. to 48, LONDON-ROAD. HOTHANI-STREET. BRIOPORT-STREET. AND FRASER -STREET. 11 I LIVERPOOL Illustrated catalogue Post Free on application. Telegrams. "FURNISHING." Telephone 1214 Rev

FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

MERRY WEATHERS 3 ... Cl-Ass WATERING HOSE TESTINIONIAL.—“The hose I ht from you ten years ago is ai gno.l ever and hitch; to last another ten.' 03 LONG ACRE. LONDON

15e, TA, mil Tlie. tiny Camilee relieve Kidney .d Bladder Trouble SAN TAi orn.'"YE= name •• blidy." Sold by sU MI DI Chenilate, or post I Irom WILCOX & CO. (LW.SO) 49, II , LONDON,

BOCENEMOLTTEL—WoodviII• lidg. Pat., Christ- choral+ rd.; a hippy boliday horn 4s. daily.-Cottell. .LANDODNO.—Board-Beeidenots ; lovely slow • 1.4 the minutes from pier; terms moderate.—Misoes; Marttni•Lt, Gloddaeth Avow.. BLACKPOOL, LANOII•M eRIVATI 1101%4 opposite Talbot rd. Station, Causes .t.; term. from Si. 6d. nor day. Tel. 800. (101LWYN BAY (Rhos-on-Sea)—ell sTSWORTH, board 1 residence ; aid, of see, magniflooot mountain. clime; excellent colsloe, fra to Go. day. SCARBOBOUGH,—WESTPIELD TEMPERANCE HOTEL, facing priocipal railway stotion ; tiams to all part..-11 S. WOOD, Proprietor. IFIOLMLIthiII PEN cION. tkrbis Be,; uurii position; overlooking &Avail:lay ; lovely scenery; bracing, boating, lathing, neatest Pension West Corn- wall Golf I.lnlis (18 holes).—Apply Paorntrroo. („,IT-Als.rttEci.ON-1616A.—lturliergien bOAlallGi I SO Home, torrid optimal ; neer pier, golf, tram; moderato ternas.—Mins LANORIDOE. WTIEN AT poKtltljBll, slay at THE SHELBOURNE ; rossullcoot situation ; moderate tonna —Apply Pitopßi irr it FE s. LONDON VinITOKS.—Ken3 Howe conveniectly situated, City and Weot Eel; 2 6d bed and beret- fast: foil board 4... day; con fortabla.—Pamoa, 71, Bedford rd., Clapbarn. fIOUGLAS.—PROSPECT HOISI., tea, bod and breakfast, es. ; dinner optional; oplondid pOsItIon; flee minotos from steemers.—Apply MANAOSR LANDUDNO. ORMESCLI FFIC BOARDING ESTALISHM ENT, promenade; accommodste 180 guests ; large recreation boll, tall room ; entertain- ments each evening ; billiards —PROPRIIITOR.

CLBVISLEYS, near Blackpool.—Victoris Bosrdiog Establishment, newly opened ; I min. from car, sea, golf links ; excellent coistne ; table d hot* dineer, sep. table. ; inclusive terms ss. tid. to 7s. 'tel. No, 23. J. WESTALL.PARR.

LON DON.—Vi ILD'S First-elm TEMPERANCE HO FELS, 30 to 40, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. Electric Lift. Central for Bushmen or Pleasure. Also at 70 and 71, EUSTON SQUARE. Closet, Ruston, St. Panora., and Rime. Cram Stations. Home Comforts. Cleanliness. sod Quiet. W/ TEH It• D, nr. Belfest..—" sUNSHINb HOUSE," Privet* aciardlog Establishment. Beautifully &Rusted ; own ground. ; satiny sheltered apes.. frontage ; air bracing ; scenery delightful ; good labia; ideal for heolth Rod comfort. Golf, bO4- 04, flairine.—Js a se WYLIE, Prow ietor. lODINBUittir .—Melvitin Hotel, 3, Castle Terrace 111 (Victoria), I, Braila" Place, neareet Tempsreace Hotels ; Caledocian Station, Primate at,, 1 minute ; Elcursioa Parties catered Lo; bed and breakfast from Se. ed.— BROWN. W&SFRIORLAND.-31.1R.i. W ELLS I.IOTEL EOO FEET ABOVE SEA. IDEAL PLACE FOR A HOLIDAY AMONG THE HILLS. TERMS Ti. TO Ks. A DAY. NINE-HOLE GOLF COURSE. SAME MANAGEMENT AS BEFORE.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT Men EP OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. CIIMIE PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS raou ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0485. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

PEEBLES' HOTEL HYDRO. A PALATIAL HOTEL WITH TUE COMPLETE BATHS JESTALLATION OF A COSTINEYTAL SPA. Magnificently nitont,d 800 feet above sea level. Charming Excursions in the " WALTER SCOTT' conetry. Delightful GROUNDS, TENNIS, CROQUET, BOWLS, GOLF, exaellant 18 hole course. MOTOR Garage. Latest ELECTRICAL TREATMENT. ' Expea Masaage. Resident Physician. Terms during July, August and September from £3 10s, per week.—Send for Illustrated Tariff to A. M. THIEII, Manager.

GENERAL ELLIOT HOTEL CROFT. THIS WELL-KNOWN COUNTRY RESORT HAS NOW BEEN ACQUIRED BY GEO, SHAW AND CO., LIMITED, OF LEIGH BREWERY, LEIGH. Who have rune Extensive Alteration for the CORTMIiSIICO of Visitors. LARGE AND SMALL PICNIC AND PLEASURE PARTIES con be comfortably scoommodsted In SUITABLE DINING ROOMS. LUNCHEONS, DINNERS AND TEAS Served at the Shortest Notice and on Reasonable Terms. A SPACIOUS AND WELL KEPT BOWLING GREEN IS ATTACHED TO THE HOUSE. SMART BILLIARD ROOM WITH EXCELLENT TABLE. First Class ALES, STOUTS, WINES A SPIRITS, he. Cigars and Cigarettes of Well-known Brands. FOR TERMS, AC, APPLY— MANAGER, GENERAL ELLIOT, CROFT, Ns. WARRIN GTON

Apartments, Furnished Houses, &a. Blackpool. nucsPOOL.-APARTMENTS, loop or shot period s ; bath, pieno.—Mra TAYLOR, 81, Csaliffe rd., South Shore.

BLACKPOOL—Public and private APAR MEN rs. terms moderate; minute pier and station.—Mra. RUDMAN, 55. Station rd., South Shore. BLACKPOOL.— APARTAIRN IS, 2mie. Central Station, sea, amusements ; piano.—Mrs HARDACHR, Melinda Hons., 67, Albert rd. uLACKPOOL.—Comfortablo Apertments, temporary or permanent; near ; terms moderate.— BROWN and PARKIN, 56, Osborne rd., S.S. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortanle APARTDIENTS eaer sea and Central Station ; piano.—Mrs. SCRIVRIS, Primrose House, 98 Barstow it. (from Normenton). BLACKPOOL (North Shore).—Visitors will lied every home comfort ; well recommended.—Ms. ! MAO uros, 29, Beets it. (1 mitt. Talbot rd. station). BLtaKid`OOCIt—APARTMENTS with or without ' Castle pot C.enltzliisotaZyn;d.Piano. —Mrs. Writ.. Ritornr! BLACK POOL—Comfortable APARTMENTS at , usual terms ; 2 min. from sea and Talbot rd. Station.—Mrs. ROBINSON,. Ivy House," 61, Lord St. nLACKPOOL.--Comfortable -APARTMENrs with ILP or without board ; central to both stations and all amusements ; piano.—M re B. NORTH, 8, Alfred st. BLACKPOOL Cliff% Norbreck Hall, Boarding Path. Tele 272, accomodate 150 guano, golf, tennis, ! croquet billiard., dame., witlet drivel, seer all annua- -1 meets, lastly terms, tile.. tariff, visitors list, free. LACEPOOL--Comfortable APARTMENTS, board optional ; I min, from sea ; cppoeits Talbot rd Station ; home comforts. Centrel to all amusements Mrs. T. WA nniro, 6,Coollson st. BLACKPOOL.—Bed, 000 king and attendance, ls snob person ; three minute. Central Station and see; boarders gbs. weekly' cycle sooommodetion. Mts. ELLLAM, X. Marshy rd. D—CACKPOOL.—PrivaI• APARTMENTS or Board 1.1 Residence; practical vegetarian.; quits neighbour- hood.—ROSSFlELD, 9, Mere S. BLACKPOOL.—pomfortable APARTMENTS, honed optional, 3 minutes sea and Central Station each person, cooking and attendance; bath. Orono. Mrs. JOHNSON, 111, Central Terrace, Central Drive.

Blackpool continued. übL ACK POO L.—Public end Private APARTMENTS ; - board optional good beds and firm ; "'very con- renien..—Mra. E. CH A OVICK, 29 Lonsdals rd., off Lytham rd near Manchester Hotel and sea. nLACKPOOL—Comfortablo APARTMENTS, close - to Central Statioa. Near If entertainment' piers sad Pisno.—Mrs. CHAPMAN, CS, Coronatiort st., (late of 17, Mall rd.) BLACKPOOL.—Consfortable APARTMENTS with or without board; 1 milt. 'Telbot rd. station, is. and all amusements; piano.—Mm. A. CADMAN, 72, Edward at. BLACKPOOL, APARTMENTS with or without board.—Mrs. 3•IINS TCRNER (from Rochdale), %Chesterfield rd., off Egerton rd., North Shore. rtISPLIAM, Bleapool.—Public, Private Apartments 1.1 on cliff., beteg see and car.—WitsoN 9,7, Red- hank rd., Mecham.

- 111eLACKPOOL.—Bed, cooking and attendance, 1.11-. each person ; two minutes from Central Station lend sea ; piano.—Mrs. J. STaErr, 11 Charuley rd., off Coronation st. Dot LACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; terms KJ moderate ; 1 min. from Talbot rd. Station, North I pier and sea.—Mble DAWSON, WIL/fillat4o BOOZE, 15, I Lord at., North Shore. 11111LACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS (board ptlonal), 0110 IMO. promenade; good accommodtion for I cyclists ; plano.-61 re. Corr, 68, Lytham rd.. S.S. I 'Up LACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board, 1 min. Talbot rd, Station ; home comforts ; pia/am—Mrs. J.W.Hairotoos, Prospect House, 5, George at. BLACKPOOL.—Cornfortable APARTMENTS (board opt tonal), seer use, trams,statioe and pier; every convenience; terms modersta—Mlll. CHAPILEA, 21, Begot St., South Shore. I3LACKPOOI, B.B.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without boned; terms moderate; every concerierme ; sea •ierr' nenr promenade.—Mrs.WlLKose, 2, Wellington rd. (late of Manchester). 111LACEPOOL.—APARTMENTS, public sod private ffne use view ; 3 minutes South Shore Station.— Switrosua, 4, Withnell rd., S S. ritP LACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, 2s. oight,2 persons; AP beard optional; piano, comfort guaranteed.— Mrs. GREGORY, 35, Crystal rd., off Promenade. K.111)1, It..—Cornlfortsaf APARTMENTSitIuet.fr.. sea d witor h Near station.—Mrs. Illoorss,s Miller at., off Shaw ad. South Shore. BLACKPOOL.—Cmgfortable APARTAIENTS close to ma and amusements. Rath, photo. Is. each per day. Public and printe.-31rs. Como, 7, Park Avenue, Central. LACKPOOL.—" Home from home." Bed, cooltion 1.1 and attendance, 1.. each person; minute Ceetral Station and Son; boarders from 255. weekly cycle ; accommodation—Afro. LEN, A Hontby rd. BLACKPOOL.—Public end private APARTMENTS with or without board, Is. each person. min. Talbot rd., Station and sea, piano.—Mrs. GARNER, 8 Lord .N. Shore. 'up LACKPOO- L.—Public and Priest* APARTMENTS I) 2 minuton from station sad Victoria Pier. Term, moderate. Board optional—Mrs. JOERS, 18, Church Bt. South Shore. BLACKPOOL.—Public and private APARTMENTS. Bed, cooking, Is., each person. Board from 255. per creek. Bath, cycle accommodation, 1 Mout* 'Talbot rdatation and north pier.—Mrs. Enon.2,Lord at 'Up LACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, with cr without Board, close to see pier thr. minutes South shore and 'lotion, mese:able terms.— Mrs. GROSS, 25 13•1030 FRI rd., II&

SOU PORT.—a R FS. ; very Con fOrisOl• : 'Delusive term. 2s. per night.—Mrs. %iunAnr, 33, Clll.l is et. SOU 111PWIT.—APARTAIENTS, public or private ; MIST 1111 atiISoLIOLS ; beds horn 2s.—Mrs.houraos, Is. resole Walk. St/Uri:I:JR 1i; todf rot.PApILI,MISteNTS ; Lograt sad Mrs gowN. MI Nit ra. SOU I HPORT.—A_PAIaM EWES, with or • ut board; 2.. per bud sad atteodaace ; I otrd 4. 64, sear stalks, Lord at.; bath and Oinao—M,. BuYe 4, 44; Ries st. QOUTH PON Y.—AP/ail MEN IS publics and private SO 11 b r without board; one mina's from prommsede and amus,vmeute „.• opposite Cdelibir• Lutes Station ; bath, pisno.—Mi.s COTES, 12, Lord St. SOUTRPOR f.—APARTMENTS, 2 minutes from Y.R statita ; good cooklag.-111M. HOESIFIELD, 79, Remoulds at.

North Wsleo. ABERYSTWYTIL-APARTM ENTS,healtby,situated neer see, castle, prom., beach; rooms recent for August end Septernber.—Hcolirs, Baderfor, Bea View Place. riOLWYN BAY.—Superior APARTMENTS.—Mrs. Bitowas, Springfield," Egerton rd. CIOLWYN BAY.—APARTMENTS, public, and privet..—Mr.. 113RGAN, Fiorillo ROM., York td, CIOLWYN BAY, superior APARTMENTS or Board, V neer Des sod woods.—Mis. Bitowsic, Springfield, Egerton rd.

OOLWYN BAY.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, 5 miantes from sea and woodc—Mrs. Rossars, Denby. Ville, Grove Park. COLWYN BAY.—Homely APARTMENTS. near Wood. and Promenade; moderate ternu.—Jonas, Brieroßife, Erwwen rd. COLWYN BAY, Rho, Promenade.—Oweer's Private Well-furnished RESIDENCE, for few IMAM, from middle August.—BlLL, liusheoden, Rhos, Colwyn Bay. y .LANON,Aberriwyth.—Forolehed HOUSE; hieing IA ; bath; healthy position.—J•mes"Porthmawr. LLANDUDNO and North Wake Coeet.—For Furnished Homier, also Property for Sale and to Let.—Apply RYAN, Auctioneer, Llandudno. • LANDUDNO. Corafortable APARTMENTS; la privets sitting room; one or two bedroom.; near golf; oar paimse.—Jonits, °normal," Llandudno. VIOLD.—COUNTRY COTTAGE ; quiet; I or 2 Al Bedrooms end Sitting-room. Near Csergwrle.— SHORDLET Cowen., Hope, Mold. ERION FARMHOUSE APARTMENTS I IVA sear Cwrabychan Lake; besutifol mountain 'emery. Pisces of Intereet.—Mrs. Joss., Dines, Limbed.

IVORTH WALES. FURNISHED COUNTRY A. COTTAGE, Almost 16; near see, station, river, golf; free fishing; 28e. weekly. Farm produce supplied. --ROBERTS, Cefuoamberth, Tonganan, Diso Towyn. WORTH WALES.—FURNISHED superior FARM- -L' HOUSE, September ; ..or see, river, golf, station; free fishing, shoot*, 8 guineas weekly; pony sod trap.—ROBSRTS, Canamdberth Hall, Towyn. OLD°° yN.—APARTMENTS, N searsen ; lovely ... . Albert rd. RHYL.—Comfortable Homely APARTMENTS, near me and !amusements; terms moderate. —Mn. HARRISON, 24, Princes m. RllYL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS in quiet , neighbourhood. Good cook and attesdaace.-1 Mn. Gas, 2, Thorpe st.

mow YN, N. WaIes.—PARMHOUSE APARTMENTS 1. fishing ; fresh env ; home cured ham. Piano Mountain sceoery. Good f01161,-ROOEOTS,, Canonises frALYCAFN.—Comfortable APARTMENTS ; 1 or 2 bedrooms and nitting:T,7 ; situated nese the pretty village of Egleysoaoh.-- Mrs. E. RORERTS, Tanyberllan, Enteral/nob, Wyman, R.S.O. NORTH WALES FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE For Guide and Specific Information, List of Hotels Boarding Establishments, Private Apartments, &c., send Postage (2d.) to " SECRETARY," Official Chambers at Trefrin Spa, Menai Bridge, Criocisth, Bangor, Rh y I, Llanwrat, Ccnway, A ml wch, Pellbeli, Llanfairfechan, Colwyn Bay Abergele. Prestatyn, Llandudno, Carnarvon, Portmadoc, I folibead, Bettwyscoed, Peomsenrcawr, Deganwy, Basumari;

SHBOURNE, la.—N.olou. APARTMENTS, or 13erestord and Dovedsles and Manifold Valley.- IMrs. BONSALL,Narrovedale, A Istonneld, or. Aebbourne. ALL REQUIRING Apartmente,Houess, Shope, Flats, ate., in London, Seaside or Country, see Dalton e I Weekly Hain sod Apartment Advertiser sod Boardieg House Guide. 16 pages to select (corn. Send for Ispecimen copy, 21 SOUTH LAIABERT CD., London, S.W. MBLESIDE, Weetatorelaad.—APAßTMENTS, 1 tM. Flitting-room, 2 bedrooms, bomb ; accommodation fur bicycles ; _good Cooking ; ressonable terma.—Mrs. hi.PLENUM., King st. BnAßMOUTll.—Comf,table APARTMENTS ; uninterrupted Ilea nod niountilo views ; central ; modervte terms. JONES. Eldon House, Abermaw Terrain I)I7XILIN.--Carlisle house Private Hotel, Broad IL, Walk, overlooking gardens, splendid view.; table d'inote, 7. N.T. 43o.—Mrs. CHAS. MARSHALL. d ILE& THORNE& —Comtortsble APAR rbIRNTS ; V neer the statior, sea and promenade.—Mr. S. KAY, Aebton House, 22, College et. CLIRVELEYS, near BIaapooI.—APARTMENTS ; close sea and golf linka—M.DosALLt, Anchors- belga*, 2, Fleetwood rd. 1501:0LAS, Fti.Lwooo liores, Palace rd.; own- -190144 NV; fell board, bs. and ss. 64 ; beds, 2s. and 28.6 d. WlJULAEL—Comlortabie APARTMENTA, with or without hoard ; terms modentte ; cable cars pees strest.—Mies DYSON. 24, Berkeley st. DOUGILAS, Comfortable APARTMENTS; beard optional ; bed cooking and attendance Is. °soh person; tea, bed and breakfast, U.—CLARK!, 76, Falcon st.. Broadway, Doodle., 1.0. M.

VARMHOUSE,near LAkeside.—Comfortable APART- MENTS, board or without.—Mrs. HART, Ealing- hearth, Haverthwaite, 17Iverston. ILFRACOSlBE.—Beautifully Illustrated Guile ,oat free on application to I.4•NA 0 ER,"HISOLL• " Office, (enclose 24. postage). ▪ ARE DISTRICT.—APARTMENTS with or without 1.-4 board; Lakeside Mouse, Keewick.—T. HODGSON, Promietor. LARNE, Furnished APARTMENTS, with or without board, charges moderate.—Mre. EimenoN, 23, St. John's Place. LARNE, Furnished APARTMENTS, with or with- out board, charges moderate. Piano.—Mrs. IFlLoonzr, 1, St, Joho's Place. LAKE DISTRICT.—FURNISHED HOUSE fel September; 2 sitting. 5 bedrooms, bath, hand c; high situation ; 15 mlo. from statloo ; beautiful views. —Mies ALLISON, Woodside, Keswick. LAKE DlSTRlCT.—Farmbouse APARTMENTS, to let near Kendal.—Fina.., Reckside Firm, Old Hutton. LONDON W.C.—Bed-sittiog Room, with Bresifest, 2a. 6d. to 3s. W. day, from 15s. weak; 30s. doable. HANDEL HOUSE, 18, Handel at., ROUSH SqOarS. LAKE DISTRICT (Keswick), comfortable APART- RA NESTS or Board Residence; modern cooveni- MOM ; near park, lake, and statioe.—CLAßX, 01.011VADDI Howe. .ONDON.-41, Larry SOU ERNST RD., Kentish Tows N.W.; Id. lam Sarum, St PRIlet•II, King's Crag; (tesselj). LONDON.—Comfurtable APARTMENTS, goodcrooking ; moderate pricen.—Ortim/d, 70, Huntingdon at., Sainsbury, N., neer Kiss's CrOtli.

LONDON VI SI 1 ORS.—Cosy Rod-Sitting-room, to good breakfast, from 3s. fkL eingle, Gs. Gd. double —HAMILTON, 20, Bernard st., Russell square. W.C. ILFALPAS.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, permanent I.TI or otherwise; healthy neighbrurbood ; good home for children.—Terms, &a. from A. CA PPER, Malpaa Cheshire. ILS ATLOCK.—Comfortable APARTMENTS,I misfits ILL from station. Beds from 2s. Board optimal.— BRAND, Kingabridge Terre.. Matlock. Vri—FiCAM BE.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, nr, a station and no.; terms moderate; plaao.— FIER SR, 27 Green at. ORECA BE.—APAKTMIsNTS, public or private ANA. 2 minutes from Lead N.-W. Station aod ma; terms moderate; bathroom, Ac.—Mrs. Saßroao, 17, Kessington rd. ORECAM Bit . and Private APART.VA. MENTS, every home comfort, la etch person- board if required ; I minute, promenade.—Mrs. WARD I Thorneville flate Oreeo 5t.1,36,13es View Parade. W. 13 IDIAORTROS—H (Irelatic).—APAß THENTS, with or without bused; terms m...--odarate.—Mni SHEDDON, Portturb, Treisnd. ST. ANNES.—Comfortable private APARTMENTS. star Mates, lintsand cburch.—DnlflSON, 26, St Anne' rd. 4:IT. AN NES-ON-SEA.—APARTMENTS ; no station 1,..7 and link&—Scsionno, 37, St. Alhaa's rd. 'rho,..: SCARBORUCUH.—APARTSIhNrs, Central, Norte or South sande; beds from 2a—Mra MARTINDALE, Horton House, Horteo rd. QCARBOROCON, Oood APARTMENTS; board if prefered.—EIFTRERINGTON AND PATTISON, 15, Bellevue Parade, near station. QCARBORZUGEL—APAR YMENTS, sea front, Dear 1...7 garden., cricket ground and tram; hath.—lirs. MEREDITH, VII, Queen • Parade. a-CARBOROLIOH.JET. ACBY N'S BOARDING HOCSE, New Queen rt. near sea; central; moderate and inclusive forma—PROPRIETOR. WARRENPOINT, Comfortable APARTMENTS, TV good cooking, board if required, moderate terms CLARKS, 30, Sommerhill, Warrenpoint. WIN OERNIERE.—APARTM EN TS,near post office, church, institute, talephorm office ; good sworn- nation for cyclists ; terms moderato-31ra Sis•oY, Low Fold, Troutheck.

Shops, Houses, Land on sale ,NITOBA, Csoads.-Copitai Farm with stock sod IFI standing crop, E 1,5.50. Several ollssr farms sad bosionsom.-CORB Err & EDWARDS, Aslstesd,Surroy. - - -

JOUR Roy. carefully Moister( it Gordon House IL School, Broadstairs, ke,t. Naar is.; braes( air; home comforts ; easy terms.—Priacipst, W. DIXON. MLLE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS 1 WARRINGTON.— Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Boys.—Priocipsl, MISS DRING, L.L.A., A.C.P. Staff include, MA, and L.R.A.M. Rest term commencer Wedoesday, September 20th. WHIT ARE TOO GOING TO DO WITH YOUR HOTS AND GIRLS ? DO you with them to take up a Commercial Career? DO you wish them to enter the Civil Service? DO you wish them to eater one of the Profeerims ? THRN CALL and consuit E. SMART & CO., 1, Buttermarket-street, Wsrrington' the oldest and most successful Beninese Training and Civil Service College in England. Pees from £2 2s. per quarter. Ladies and Gentlemen are given • first class Bordner Education, equipped with everything necessary to ensure a successful Commercial Career ; and guaranteed • good position when &Violent. Fees from El le. per quarter. Tuition Is given in all mbjects for all branches of the Civil Service, Profes•lonal Preliminaries, Baas Railways, etc. tinder our methods of tuition, success s certain. Open from 10 to 9. Call Any Day, Any Hoer. E. SMART & CO., BUTTERNIA MEET STREET, WARRINGTON

Machinery BOILERS 50,and MACHINERY, good secood-band JOHN STRINGER AND SON (Dept. 91) Blackboro NON-CONDUCTING COMPOSITION MANUFACTURERS for the Prevention of It...nation of Heat from Steam Boilers, Piping, Hot Water Circulating Boilers and Pipes, and all Heated Surfaces. We quote for Coveriog the above with Mageseis,Sllioste Cottoo ,Hai r ourCompositioo Composition, Supplied in Coats Ready for Appltaation EMERY AND EVANS, Catherioe it.. Strangeways. Mancbeeter. PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, ILANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES tz SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ENTAILISHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. RICE D. OOLONIAL FOREIGN PATENT LAW./.

SMITI4 & WALKER, `IIII,ORS, . . ARE NOW OPEN AT . . 31, Horsemarket St., Warrington. Telephone 588.

rdi scellaneou s. 1111BRINTING.CheapArtistic,Esthaates fremeSocainso I. A Co., IS, Fleet st., Londoo. 11.1 g ALL-MARKED Silver Brooches, Noy woe fit, post free.—W. R. Wenner,, 30.0elkr, Ryde, I.W. HABY CARRIAGES. Buy direct from th Bridge, Cards or credit. Agents W•atecL—liseßOPS, St., Werricatoo EMIRS Reedy mixed 10Ib. tins, 2s. Gd. Why pay A. more. Two tins carriage paid.—WITOLIMALI PAINT LI, Stanley rt., Meoclesfleld. x3FOR Literary Aspiranta.—Storien needed for t.e new journal. Write for parttcolsrs of unique comporition.—rialwro Wooten', 30 Moores,. so. London. rho "Act." Comet redocee every ladies More 3 to 5 .1 inches, patented. Descrip. Booklet free.—" Room H, Ilanetrester House, Alderagate st,Londoo, E.C. DDIERSHORE Egg Plums for prominieg; 12110. 2.6 d., I. 241 be is. 61, 36th.. tic ed., telhe. its.; eel./ by grs :re At'ano47, Aril g . ft" ; order early.—Addrem DIRECT fro.. Loom to Weer.—Splendid Hui Lengths, 91. to 21e. ; also Overcostioss ; lame. novelties : pattern. free : carrier. paid.—WESTRIOINO JIANUFACTURINO Co., Coiner. Huddersfield. Held?ll,llpYrtieu wl'o7gbarit 'eb:irlinilarotwer." epttly reeults. Trial boa Bd.—F. VA,coriax, Parrael Avenue, Wood Ore.., Loudon N. cov.o g.. fiirdee. 7.bzzarl.: livread, 75., noel price Ins. ; gains. Ladles' ' Overall Pinafore., light or dark, ls. ; tonal price, , Is. 6d, poet fres—REMNANT BAKAAR, Penzance. _ OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT Ab.Antel, utmost value offered by RET.I,I or rosz. Kinn & Co_ gin, Hart Street. Lorrimn,

Horses, Carriages, Live Stock. itArt.,tysasylnpopliovg Pbarait,o.n. DOR SALE.-10.12 b.p. De distal,* caeopied. Motor 12 Gar, carry six; £3O or exchange. not furniture.— BOULTFR, 112, Bath rd., Hounslow. DAY MARE, hackney, 15-hands strong and fest, AB perfectly Boned ; 5 yeas old, with foal ono month, at foot; oat near Preecat.—Oorcr, 145, Molywons rd., Liverpool. -DXCHANGE for oreful Cob or Toreout ; Two-aeratAr- -12.1 Car, De Dion tbroogbout ; spare wheel, electric born and lights; all in perfect working order.-40A, Qum bT EgrObDOßb.

Shope, Btudnoseen etc. 'VOTED TRIPE SHOP for gala ; gesnins brainier 1.1 owner retiring:ALM, Stockport rd., Loagsigid, Manchester. 3iwur-.lntmZ4t4nl:ll=l. ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO CS. BELL Sr, odrisod to consult Mr. COWDRLL, Leer st., Warrington.

CHIP. Fish, Proitaad Chian BUSINESS, good trade, rent 6s, clear.-312, EPRING View, Lower Inc., sear Wigan. OLD ESTABLISHED HAIRDRESSING BUSI- NESS for sale in Amy thorough fere , trade plc* £5 5.—A. ASHwORTH, Hairdresser, Chorley. lit-SHINING Money' will show ill adults bow to add rapidly and materially to their income., without speculation, trickery, or interference with their own business or profession; no good, to buy or sell.-Booklet Ire. by return on receipt postcard with toil name& address clearly written,l. Esstitr.,l9-25, Oxford .t., Loadoo. W.

Shares. TIIPORTANT.—EI pad upwards wan be doubled lan • fortalght. Thoroughly genuine. Send for proofs artlce.—Mr. ammo, 13uebbory, Wolverhampton. CIUNLIFFE, Rowell & Co., Beakers, Share Dealers • 10, Place de Is Bowes, Paris Send postcard for. mtioulars. Bankers references. Ertablisbed ICBB. ions, Ac.—Admanee sod purchases promptly At •rrsnaed. Low interest. Lib. term.. Personal lomm entertained.-3 L Quinlan, 20,Bucklersbury, London,E.o SMALL Investments of AN sad upwards will earn large returns; ebeolutely mfe and reliable; secured by bigh grade of 6 per cent.; New York City real estate Debenterea—anssux & Co.. 4'l,Stran4, London, W.C. REW:TIRED SLEEPING PARTNER ith £15,000 In one or more amounts to participate In au EPOCH-MAKING INVENTION relating to NEW AC romAnc SAFETY DEVICES for RAILWAYS. Patented in all the principal countrlee. Excalleet Rorta by well-known experts. SPLENDID PROS- PECTS atd LARGE PROFITS in ,le.-PRINCIPALS. addreas: 110WARDSX,D6RONDA RD.,LONDON,S.E

FIIHE WHITE PLAGUE.—Consumptives, to leans of 1 something proved of great Weasel, should write Mr. TONI i, 16, Brainerd st., Liverpool. PILES.—Y Buffer Piles. Nurse (i.e.,', Pile Pills do not simply relieve, they core ;_post free Is lid box P.O —Sole Proprietor, MILLER, Rayleigh House, Thorne, Doooaster. EVREE Sample.—Pretty women fled Lorain's Skin Baurtifier a matchleu complexion wash; ponitively rejuveoating; Is. packets: post frea—BßOOßs, Chemist, Homey, FL FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE beeo universally admitted to be a Boon to Wonmakind. They are the best known Remedy for Aoamia, Giddioem, F 01.., and Swelling after Meals. Lon of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depreerdeo, Weakness, irregularities, ' and ell Female Ailmenta. Bones Is. lid., 2s. 91, Scsd. nod :la (Sample seat free). Only address : SO9,PORTOBELLO RD.. NOTTING HILL, LONDON

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. ACTS LIKE A CHARM IN DIARRHCEA, COLIC, AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE STAND-BY IN ALL HOT CLIMATES. SEE that yon Mee a BOTTLE I. the home, iHmaSk'are cl dd.shen ASK FOR AND SEE THAT YOU GET DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, 7HE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE Of all Cbomista, IL lid, 2.. Sd. and 4.. 6d. t LL WORTHY OF CREDIT CAN HAVE CASH ADVANCES FROM ME ON DAY OF splletestio.: 7oilibooso.,t ther .usualt.sll.l7/Kl;:d3e7:poronotiss. £5 Repay £5 10a. I ft ReP" 410 ~ LII Lai £22 EDO „ EHO sad so on. sEci t,PPlAy4l,2Vi'r °I;I7REIP, wAßitmorom

WIDNES. £5, ,C 7 £lO, £2O, X3O, £5O, £IOO.A DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- .tI. _ MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respectable Householders, on tbeir own Istourity, sut delay, on o. simple written prom'. to pay bee! FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEE, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. JOHN I/. GOODWIN, MANAGER. BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LENT FROM 110 TO £l,OOO. A Deettemee harisg • conaidemble amount of spare Capital is prepered to make Inimediate Advances to Lodi., Clergymen, Gentlemen, Farmer', Shopkeepers, and say Respectable Iformeholders at a moderate rate of Were.. on Not• of Hand alone. Beeline. can im completed entirely by print if desired. GENUINE TRADE DILLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGH FORWARD DEALING AND STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, stating full particulars sod requiremeats to J. GRlFFlN,Nlinories Chambers,Slinorieaßirrningliam. NB.—Don't pay Fees or Trevelliag Expenses, and don't give a Bill of Sale before applying to me.

Furniture Carpets Decorations Garnetts Established Manaincturers when George IV. was Ming WARRINGTON and LIVERPOOL (122 Bold Street).

_ _ lIIMICLASS TAILORING AT POPULAR PRICES. TWO VERY SPECIAL LINES IN NEWEST SUITINOS. 42/- AND 50/- SEE WINDOWS. 11. • ' So PAGE AND , '4, SANKEY ST., (LEOLI ST. COINER% ITAIIIII,OI,‘

- Old El r CHIC A DRY FEED FOR CHICKENS AGENTS CARTER & SON Bridne St. Warrinaton

OAHU. V . O ine 16 6,3 z L/MILOVII RATs & micE DANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., Box 10 MOO% las. SO.. ••• el sllOboolon

Do your EyesTroubleYou? ‘y•.#727-.4 - 'Oil Ws' Do things ever seem to grow misty and blurred? This is • warning of Eyestrain and you should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble. By our scientific tests we could tell if you need Glasses, and in that cast supply those which would give the greatest Possible benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER & SONS Eyesight Specialists. 731 LORD STRRET Bath. lgtB. LIVIGRPOOL

NEVER WHAT THEY DO. Hollowas Pills cleanse the system of BE all impurities, restoring energy and vig- our. They are a reliable remedy for In- digestion, Biliousness, Feverkli Attacks, Headache, Dizziness and all complaints WITHOUT arising from a constipated condition. When feeling 'out of sorts '' take a few I doses of Holloway's Pills, they wilL . .. HOLLOWAY'S fortify you against disease and may avert a serious illnesa. PILLS Holloway's Ointment is e3Ncially ful, where there are large families, for Burns, Cuts, Scalds, Bruises, Chapped AND hands' Chilblains, &c. It quickly cures Bad Legs, Wounds, Piles, Sores, Eczema and all skin affections. For Mien- OINTMENT it ahffissmnooreqstlitafflnaenianfitohredj.osinptes.odry lrieniiile)sf in Throat, Chest and Lung complaints.

IDEAL PRESENTS. .., ''PERFECT SAFETY" . ..-.1c,.7.-. . , 7...._,..„.......... ' ''' ;'7.- . .. .r. • . ..;, .. r ' SELF-FITTING LEVER WATCHES ..........(,„...- (rnsts Warranted Timekeepers. Open Face. Half-Hunter. SS . 83. Ell. J. W. BENSON, LTO. flare made a special studs' of these ehasnnntt cnnaments, and Ik. ,r "Pc,,,, Notch.- Se:t.Filllng Wahl, Bracelets note Contain many ionhootant Butt Orel»,n!, to be lowa °HIV in their make. They fit anr sire wrist, and are made In several onalr,:es in Gold tram 1:6; sl wl(h Gems Nom 1:17, or Silver C.13....,:::01 Leather Si, a/, Iron, srts. Sold ..' ,!.:L !!N 111.• fi1,..'.. Pr 1.., 101 Cadr, er en "ChK CAW' Sv,"cvt ,n MONTHLY PAYMENTS of Et. RINGS OF BEAUTY 1411010 M kI)E ISY 4. • ilagth*/*_l*° J. W. BENSON, LTD' Show great originality of design tom- .... - b <‘-a--0 Inned with taste; they prove the possi- bait.), of security, the most exclusive •'7 and beautiful :cork at strictly Moderate --- l'rices for Cash, or on " CbC ChM." £2 If) I: iOO 7.../4 System of MONTHLY PAYMENTS of 10 - and upward,. P t0,12)45 Pre-eminent above all others in the etsas ,einyelaolfs po friqsetta l sa: ty,d, ad tlnyel)l.noe/ Gemsilid (lie is immense. sis , 1 2 i -s SI:LEMON: WII I, III: Ki.s.r TO IrTFYPIN,I 46eit-- ---,----• BUYERS AT OUR RISK SKI, EhI'INSI: Mustrated Rote., No lot Rings fawn SI , roe arvli (with sue rani.. Watches fn. CI s. I(J...it', 1V,:,, Di, ~,! i I Ti •,, 1!,r,,,..:',`;,,:1;7',7. '_!:;4 4J,..1!':.1:..,4: l',3„"l'liT'tt'ern4l63. l 2 155. J, W. BENSON, Ltd., 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, E.C.

EVERY HOUSEHOLD constantly requires a little inexpensive, safe, efficacious medicine for use by one member or another of the family. Men and women, boys and girls. even of the healthiest, occasionally need a reliable preparation to rebel,' and correct liver, stomach, and bowel disorders, or any of the numerous ailments arising from a deranged condition of some portion of the complex system of digestion. There is 110 better and more convenient remedy than Beecham's Pills which are carefully compounded from pure and skil- fully selected ingredwnts of vegetable origin and are suitable for young and old of either sex. Everyone NEEDS medicine In some form or other from time to time. It is not surprising that it should be so. Whether the cause of the trouble he due to unsuit- able diet or a run-down and enfeebled state of the digestive organs, a few doses of Beecham 's Pills will soon restore healthy conditions, as they thoroughly eliminate unhea.thy accumulations, gently stir the sluggish organs to normal actirity, increase appetite, improve digestion and thereby exert a bracing effect upon the whole body. A trial is all that is necessary to convince anyone uf the sterling value of BEEcHAm,s PILLS Sold everywhere n boxes. place I I 556 Golls)& 2 0(158 Dill O.

Exquisite flavour, strength, quality and great economy are found combined in Symington's Coffee Esszncz. Cost: 4 cups id. "e:„11: L SYMINGTON'S COFFEE ESSENCE GooD iti MASON'S A CONSTANT USER SAYS : ECOLE, NOM, 1. Cfm.runiem—P.,r years I took a ea.+ Malt Liquor he! are danner to create au • as I was a poor feeder. Some months ag heard.of your Erre. for rnakolg Beer. I • it a trial and have ever since used it as a subs. • tote for the other, and the mud, is most sells factory. After fetal bunted a few data it is a far ght and sparkles lake bottled ale. Sior • tato. n I has. bean free from the cruel of Ingig.tion, front sv:itoli I had sdrered a ton tim,. Now. anneal of gdoir to the "Inn hr. ..,ae tn the eveninit for IPY toastl AL`, 00,04. MY PM* at how, drink wy Herb Beverade anal to; ay it, go to bed and ate. soundly. I have recommended 1 to man others. who boar triad at ttith like ...whs. liner agent here thaitgit I ought to ghe you • teats' staantaL I am. Sits. yca. (.1, J. (V. A I.''!7: Me:es 8 Soil trery:lll.,e S erp:e pal ft' e S starts. 4- NEM BAII. MASON, Noilleltm

I. 'be Furnishing Problem - -Solved I,— HOW can 1 increase the pur- chasing power of every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture? The solution of that problem will be found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic, sturdily-built furniture, our perfect manufacturing and se hog organisation enables U 3 to quote prices that are much below those charged elsewhere for the same articles. No matter whether you Furnish for Cash ...., .._, .7.-....... Convenient_ Paument Sustem your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth noting. We allow 2/. la Ma A discount for Coots Payments ca. be &clanged to mit Customers' convenience. No objectionable ar.....m. ~ dIP, Every Article menufactured under our ems direct control and supervistoo. We pay carriage to all pants Goods delivered in Private Vans. Every Furnishing Regnishe supplied. Good Value and sauMoi Customers account (on the phenomenal growth of our business. Guarsurttee. „, 7,•'• -- arOl 'th.artroes nnaci.t riV3 absolute satisfaction. ger Writs or eall for Catalogue. "IR G LO B E I Furnishing Co. - PEMBRAOE, IOKE verpool PL .i • _ __ __ ____
