===== 0002601_19110401_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W. P. Hartley's Marmalade and Preserves are the purest and most delicious obtainable.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
Iv, Li. I ;NORECIATIONAL CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 2ND, 1911. Morning 10,30. Evening 6.30. Preacher: REV. J. YONG& P.S.A. for men at 3 e.m. N.B. Communion Service In the evening. B OLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL Up. Lofting 10.90. REV. CHARLES HOLMAN. Evening 630. REV. W. SEED. All welcome. lime Book. provided. BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 2aD. Morning 10.30. Evening 6.0. 3111. 11. KAY (Baptist College hlancheeter.) OFFER TORIES. _ BEWSEY ROAD WESLEVAN CHURCH. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 2•03. Morning 10.30: REV. J. H. PAWLYN. Evening 630 : JOHN UPSON, Eno. All welcome. Hymn Book. provided.

EAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 21)(D. :Rowing 10.45. Evesieg 6.30. SIR. MILLER (Bsptiet College). BIBLE CLASS, 3 O'CLOCK. MI welcome. Hymn Books provided. SOCIAL Aso SALE, THURSDAY A T 7 O'ci.wcE.

St T. JOHN 'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 2uo, 1911. PREACHER : REV. W6l. RM. 10.45 cm. and 6.30 pm. COMMUNION IN THE EVENING. WARRINGTON CHURCH SOCIETY. SPECIAL ADDRESSES. IN THE PARISH CHURCH DURING LENT. FRIDAY NEXT, APRIL 715. At 8 p.m. FOR WOMEN. THE REV. S. ROGERSON, Vicar of Paisley Bridge, Yorkshire. Subject: "The Virgin 61ary, is esemplb" At 5 p.m. FOR MEN. THE REV. S. ROGERSON. Subject : The Power of the Crum." ALL SEATS FREE. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY WARRINGTON AUXILIARY.)

CENTENARY-1911. CENTENARY BIBLE SUNDAY OCTOBER 22ND CENTENARY MEETING (PARR HALL) OCT. 26TH BE WS EY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH - ANNUAL SALE OF WORK

IN TILL LECTURE HALL, BEWSEY ROAD, To BS OPLNED ON

WEDNESDAY, APRIL STH, AT 3 P H., Br

MRS. .1. W. HAYWARD, CHAnuaAN: CAPTAIN mAVAGE.

AND oe THURSDAY, APRIL tiTH r 3.30 Est., BY CHILDREN, who will make speeches, sing songs and perform action wage. REFRESHMENTS. AMUSEMENTS. CONCERTS ADMISSION: WEDNESDAY, ed., alto 0 o'clock 3d. ; THURSDAY, ad. B RITISH WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE SOCIAT I ON.

A MEECING ON WEDNESDAY NEXT, APRIL STri, AT 3, rg BOLD $l., SCOWL. Friends wishing to join the party going to Ashton es ft mu. day to hear the Author of the " Catch- .446l Movement, please send in their names to 8111dPSON, 104, Bentley rd., by Monday. 'BUS will test the top of Cairo at , at 3 o'clock. ROYAL COURT THEATRE. PROPRIETOR : MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM.

MONDAY, APRIL 3itt, AND FIVE FOLLOWING NIGHTS.

THI LAST MUSICAL COMEDY OF TOO SEASON.

MR. GEORGE DANCE'S PRINCIPAL CO., IN MISS HOOK OF HOLLAND. MISS HOOK OF HOLLAND. MISS HOOK OF HOLLAND.

DUTCH SONGS. DUTCH DRESSES. DUTCH EVERYTHING.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
POWERFUL AND AUGMENTED ORCHESTRA.

Dcors Open 6.45. Curtain rises IRO. PRICES OF ADMISSION.

Centre Circle, 3s. ; Stalls, 2s. 6d. ; Pit Stalls, 2..; (No Extra Charge for Booking.) Side Circle, la. 6d.; Plt, ; Gallery, 6d. Early Doors ad. extra to all parts, except Pit and Gallery 3d. clue.

PALACE AND

HIPPODROME.

I 50-TWICE NIGHTLY-iO. MONDAY NEXT. APRIL 3RD, 19IL CAPTAIN SPAULDING. THE WHITTINGTON TRIO.

HIPPODROME PERFECTION PICTURES. THE THREE ORLEANS, Vaudeville Artistes. BERT WARD, Comedy Whietier. LILIAN ROSE, Charsoter Artiste. LILY AND AGNES, Duettists.

HARRY NELSON,

THE COMEDIAN. IN LATEST SUCCESSES. Stalls, la ; Circle, bd.. Pit, ild. ; (4114117.0 HAIRCOMBINGS I made up 2/- per .0.• COVERLET CB TAILS OP FROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE 5/6 Faux 1413 .ACH. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3,ARECE ST, (CAR ATION),

===== 0002601_19110401_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
64, one

Ne 1576 ortz PINNY

SATURDAY, APRIL`

===== 0002601_19110401_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
'LIVERPOOL.

T SALE or HIRE, Cart Sheets, Morse- l. cloths, Cart Ropes, Twin., rooting felt stc. Repairs and Rivdressing.—ALEX McCONNELL. 96, BUTTERMARKET-STREET (Opposlta old V4dewell), WARRINGTON. MISS LUCY DAVIES, pnril of Mr. John Acton I and Miss Marie Fox.; visits Warrington and Ins vacancies for a few more pupila for singing. Haider°, Near ‘Varriogton. VASTER TRlP—Warrington to Paris, Thursday, 124 April 13th. Personally conducted by Mr. Faux Mims, Entertainer, 163 w, Lee st.., Oldham. Plasm send stamp for programme.

NEIL HAROLD BRYAN (PIANIST, Hippodrome, Warnogton) begs to announce that he Is prepared to accept PUPILS for the PIANOPOR rE.- For terms plasm apply at the HIPPODROME or 3,HENRY ST., Warrintoll.

1 LITil ANNUAL PARTY; Nice, Ganes, Moot' -1,4+ Carlo, San Remo, Genoa, Rome, Napier, Pompoli, Florence, Vemice, Mil., /sc.—Programme from Conductor, W. M•RSDRN, Artist, Southport.

WARRINGTON GARDEN SUBURBS, LTD Splendid Bnilding Sites at Grappenhall and Great Sankey. Moderate Ground Itents.—Apply to Usa SECRETARY, ARTHUR BET:HMI', CAW told Accountant. Market Gate Cbarnbars,Warrington.

FOR BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS.—Mr. G. E. Nebel ich, practical demoomrator in confectionery to Central Municipal Technical School, Liverpool, mill shortly open and personally conduct on Wedneaday nights in Warrington, a class in Icing, Piping, and Cake Decorating in all its Branchee; terms moderate; success warranted.—vor particulars apply to Ole. Ncervllrn, O. Underlay at, Liverpool. MHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is prepared to receive loans, either at six months notice or for a term of yeers.—Applioation to be made to the BOROUGH THICASURXR, Dinnicipal Office., Warrington.

ARNOLD & LEWIS, Late Simmons. ALL-BRITISH SHOPPING WEEK, Monday, MARCH 27TH, TO APRIL IsT Inclusive. The newest end most elegant designs in Gold and Gem Jewellery, Watches in Gold, Silver, sad Oxydised, and Bracelet Vetches of the roost reliable finish. A very large Selection of Clocks and Electro-plate. Special discormc 25 per cent, for cash. 1, ST. ANN'S SQUARE,MANCHESTER. Eatab. 1 930 GpAT CENTRAL. """r" DEAN AND DAWSON'S FASTER HOLIDAY EXCURSIONS FROM WARRINGTON. THURSDAY, APRIL 13TH, To London (Marylebone), Linc.,ln, Cambridge, Yarmouth, Cromer, Eastern Counties, Worksop, Nottingham, Leicester, Rugby, Oxford, Newcastle-on- Tyne, Scarboro', York, and the North. Fast Coast Regatta, GOOD FRIDAY, APRIL Itru. To Sheffield, Galosboro% Brigs, Grimsby Docks, Hull and Cleethorpes. SATURDAY, APRIL 15TH. To London (Marylebone), Yarmouth, Cromer and Eastern Counties, Sheffield, Worksop, Cabal:tore', Grimsby Docks, Cleetho-pes, Hull, Lincoln, Notting- ham, Leicester, Rugby, Oxford, Cambridge, &c. EASTER MONDAY, APRIL 17TH. To London (Marylebone), Sheffield, Worksop, Brigs, Grimsby Docks, Cleethorpes and Uncoil,. For timea of departure, fares, &c.,see Ticketa in advance at the stations and usual agenta London. SAM FAY, General Manager. (111.1 E STOCKTON HEATH AND DISTRICT SWIMMING, ANGLING AND .BOATING ASSOCIATION. The Firet Animal General Meeting will be hold in the HALL CAFE, Stockton Heath on Friday. April 7th, 1911 at 8 pm. Chair to be taken by the President, S. J. Parker Esq., N.B. All PITO cordially invited. J. It. SUTTON, Hon. Secretary, e ay Dom," Stockton Heath. LANCASHIRE COUNTY ASYLUM, WIN WICK WARRINGTON. The Committee of Visitors invite tenders for painting tie outside wood and ironwork of part of the Asylum Buldings. 'lender forms, which contain all iestructions, &c., can be obtained from the undersigned. Persona desirous of tendering will have to measure up the work on April 4th, sth and 6th, only at the times specified on the Tender Forma The Committee do not bind themselves to accept the the lowest or any teeder —By order HENRY ELLIS, Clerk and Steward. 29th March, 1911.

COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER, NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER will be held let the COURT.HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, In end for the said County, on MONDAY, the Srd any of APRIL NEXT, at Eleven o'cicols in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empennelled. The hearing of slt Appeals arising wabin the Petty Sessional Division. of A Itrincharn,Bucklow,Dnki nfleid, Middlewich, &naiad), Congleton, Nortbwich, Prest- bury and Stockport, forming the Knutsford District, red the trials of all prisoners committed from such Di visioos, 'rill take place at much Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District must be in *Melamine at the COURT HOUSE, KNUTSFORD, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 3rd day of APRIL NEXT, at Eleveo o'clock in the Foreeoon. THE COURT ciii be Adjourned to the CASTLE OF CHESTER on WEDNESDAY, the sth day of APRIL NEXT,at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hear ing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisioos of Broxton, Chester Castle, Dare.bury, Eddisbury, Naotwich, Runcorn, Winsford, and Wired, forming tho Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from Shekel-mentioned Divisions will take place at ouch Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance et the CASTLE OF CHESTER, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the sth day of APRIL NEXT, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoop.

REGINALD Pon's, Clerk of the Pesth for the County Palatine of Cheater.

Chest•r, 2lst M•rol2, ill.

EDUCATION ACT, 1902. SECTION 8 (I).

fIOUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON LOCAL EDUCATION AUTHORITY.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN in accordance with the provisions of Section 8 (1) of the Education Act, 1902, that the County Boron:6 Council of Warrington, being the Local Edoation Authority for the purpose. of Part 111. of thst Act, propose to provide a new Public Elementary School for ithinr!.. 420 children at

-- -OLIVER STREET, ' 'a the Borough of Waroloto:_T ..,he ...ch 00l ,rill h. available for the follorring An area oontr isingthe ore. BEWSEV, nod ST. JOHN'S S‘ARDS. ,

The Managers of any existing school or any ten Ratepayera in the area for which it is proposed to pro- side the school, may appeal against this propmial by a letter addressed to the Secretary, Board of Education Whitehall, London, S.W., which should reach him within three months from the date 01 this notice. (Signed) J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk and Clerk to the Local Education Authority. Datrul.lat April, 1911.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
X*\ 1Z

4

4 1911.

IT PO., 14.71d.perQu es ed. per Annum In 9d pert/darter credit.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
4-044> <IV-.

-o*-04-4}4>44•4:14>#.4>V4>70-*`,

Smith &

' * 0 • 4:1 Walker, . . * • • „. 0. -0. „Awl TA.II4OIIS. .2.a.... .0 0 <2. : Are now showing New Goods for the Season in exclusive designs. 1: li• o Market Gate,, • Warrington. :

TELEPHONE SSS, :00-000000 .4::"000-00-00?.:-..<=-0-0•000-0-0.

• 3 THE SPOT SHOP,

(FISH MUM)

===== 0002601_19110401_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
SAM N. GREEN

FOR EVERYTHING.

PENDLEBURY'S ANNUAL STOeKTAKING SALE 150/0 DISCOUNT OFF ALL STOCK. Great Bargains in ShPraton Bedroom .Smtes. Stock tout be Clearcd SPECIAL OFFER THIS WEEK SEE WIN3OWS. 51t. Best Quality Fumed Oak Sideboard £l5 0 0 - Queen Anne Style Dining Room Suite Comprising Chesterfield Couch, 2 Large Divan Easies & Four. Dining Chairs, All Covered in Striped Green Velvet. £l9 10 0 One Gateleg Dining Table Fumed oak. - - £2 15 0 • Ordinary Price £3l 0 Sale Price £3O /3 0 NEAR eENTRIAL STATION, WARRINGTIDN.

Inspection Invited

===== 0002601_19110401_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
G. &:T.

Royle .

WORLD-RENOWN 1:1) - Bowl Makers for Bowling Greens

212, Sackville St., MANCHESTER. Nat. Telephone, No. 2924.

TAILOR AND COSTUMfER, OBERT WOOD, 5, Market Place, Warrington. Special Suit and Overcoat Sale.

tar SEE WINDOVV.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Tel. No. 123.

ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington). Tel. No. 123

_ E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Cleat: Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 50 per cent, in labour.

BRASS CASTINGS (any weight); Gunmetal, Copper, Alinlulu, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal .ind all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam J ityr tted Pans, Boilers, la. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of _ larhinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars D namos, Steam Engines, 011 Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors. LECTRICAL ENGINEERING. Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. illeavy Machining and Forging done or the trade. Taming up to 15 feet diameter. Planning up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to Which stroke. Milling, Punching, (Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Riyetting by \hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Sposlakipplianias for efficiently dealing \ •ith Repairs and Breakdown work, accupulated during an establishment over 64 years . 1• A .

.!A % `-.:,. 4ty,

===== 0002601_19110401_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH EXORS TEETH J. H. PARKINSON TEETH MANCHESTER TEETH ATTEND TEETH 9 EGYPT STREET. TEETH WARRINGTON. IMRE Y WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Brooches at TEETH NORTHWICH, WINSFORD sad TEETH MIDDLEWICH Mot Local Papers).

===== 0002601_19110401_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
As""ft McDOUGALL'S SELF-RAISING FLOUR ROCER FOR

FREE CHURCH COUNCIL.

CONFERENCE OF SOUTH-WEST LANCASHIRE AT WARRINGTON

Rev C. Brown on the Church and

Politics.

character:

There was an excellent gathering of delegates at the annual meeting of the South-West Lancuabire Free Church C nerd, which was held at the Wycliffe Con- gregational Church on Tueaday. The in oceedinge oicopied the whole of the day. In the morning a conference was held, whr n members were present from Warrington, Southpoit, Vi igen, St. Helens, Widnes, Wi ightington and district, Golhorne and Platt Bridge and district. Mr. Henry Ball (president of the South-West lancmitiire Federation) previded, and the delecates were addressed by the Prescient of the National Council (the Rev. Charles Brown). lunch was taken, and during the afternoon a 'miaow meet- ing and a service, at which the Rev. O. Brown preached, were held. Al a public meetiog held in the evening the Rev. C. Brown presided over a crowded attendance, and several interesting addresses were delivered. THE NIORNING'S PROCEEDINGS. FREE CJIURCHES AND POLITICS. The morning proceedings, which were presided ov^r by Mr. Henry Ball, of Southport (president of the South West Lancashire Federation), were mainly occupied by an address of welcome by the Rev. Charles Brown, who deliverd a remarkable address, in the coarse of which he stated errphatically that there was no possibility of rounion with the Church of England. Mr. BROWN said that it was quite impossible to carry on the work which his illustrious predecessor (Dr Jowett) bed eccomplished during his year of &lice. It was impossible for him to go on a forte days' evsngelisatton like Dr. Jos ett did. And no he had decided to visit somewhat emaller centre.. He thought, he continued, tint the desire of that Conference was that the movement should gain strength throughout the country. The Free Churches could exert their proper influence in our national life unites they were united. They must remember that the work was etarted In a spirit of Christian Unity. The movement Me furthered by Hugh Price Hughes, the great evangeliA, who put new life into the whole Church. Ile was • man richly endowed for the vrork he carried on. '• At one time," continued the .pealer," I believe be bed a hope of re-union with the Church of England. I believe he was willing to agree to re-ordinetion, but I imagine Hugh Price Hughes discovered in later years that there was no

REV. c. BROWN, Presia nt of the National Free Church Council.

C.o. of union w ith the Church of, England except by the union of ribs. rption. But at the mote time he did believe that the Free Chorch members ought to unite and cone closer toather:Vordinoing, the rer.gentleman said their motive in coining ass not a political motive although they itnri ieon Merged with beings political canc.. That wee ebsolitte sontenee. They were not tied to the heels of any political party, end although, perhaps. De mejority of her. Churchmen . did belong to one "'mein political party, that was x because, he tht right, tl ey hsel xery little hope from the . other Feely. ticrr,lterr itt, y were not part of a political net bloc— these, t. not bed he did think there wais Mom in their au? ches for men of every , political persuasion— it ed icslr,Cor set Vali ver,Labourlste and Socialists. Thi in motive was trot primarily a political one, but they veto Lund to touch political questiona because they infringed on every other nom- Mon. They tad to get bad laws and had cuatoms altered—they had a grr at social work to do. (Ilear, hear.) nate noa the chide teethe ; they had to play their part in grappling antl, t tat great come. Another etrusetion which premed upon them was the RELIOIOUN EDUCATION OF VIE ('UILREN In school,. That was a politibel matter in which they as Ere • Churchmen we re directly interested, for up to tl.e preseut their eievances lad raver Leen redeemed. (Hem, bear) ft was clearly underetood,he went on,thst they were not trained an a Council pets arily in opmaition to the Established Church • f Englaud. 'I hey wt re not built upon solar' nism. They rennet.' and revered the saints Cr,.l ecl.olses of the Church of England. They believed that religit scan not the business of the State but the businers of the Church, end the Church should not be patr..nised or subsidised by the State. And no they were an usesteblished Church. Tney were opposed to the spirit of Establishment, bat they were not opposed to a Churchsof Christ as the Church of Christ. They did not exist to tight the Church of England, bet to fight evil. He was •fraid, the president continued, that aome people to the Chitech of Eogland did not seem to understand their position. During the recent conference at Portsmouth the vicar :of a Sonthrea parish wrote in his parish maga:ice the following "A stream runs parent nearest its murowDiment M the wastage in the river of god nod the devil wan the first dissenter." I Lrughter). That showed that they, as free- churchmen, bad not a monopoly of aLuse and he hoped "one present could match it(llear,lrear) A parsgraph in the "Church Time." of the following week had oleo attracted his attention. lu the cows* of his epeech at Portsmouth lie (the epeaker) had said the great eathedriale were the property of the nation and he suggested Free Churchman hod a right to minister in them. Ile complained that they were shut out from all functions such as the Coronstion, The "Church Times" commenting upon this said," No doubt Mr. Browne's ideal of the function would be a pro- gramme including a melee by Dr. Clifford, a reediug by the President of the B'ealeyen Conference, and an address by the moderator of the Presbyterian Kirk of Sootlard. The occasion however, is the altering of the King with the consecrated bairn administered by Apcatolic bends to the chief layman in the church, sod the offering by a validly ordained minister of the Holy Mysteries on behalf of the Sovereign of the realm. klorover, the whole function in essentially on sot of Sacramental rite and ceremony and it as exclu- sively a Church fund ion esCoeflimstion or Ordination. It inns preposterous for Diesenters to want to take part in one as in tiny of them." lie (the speaker) had come to the conclusion thaigthe high churchmen did not consider there was anything in common between Free Churchman end themselves in the matter of Christian faith. But there were many men in the Church who would repudiate that idea and he winked they would NI rue THEIR VOICES HE %RD

a little more loudly. But before they could ever become part of the Chorch let them seek an actual union among thenmelves and feel thnt they really belonged to one Church and acknowledged it. But he did think they bed a right to take pert in the Corona- tion, mul vrorship at times in the great csthedials which, after sll, w re the property of the nation. (Hear bear.) Refetring to the subject of liceosing the spanker remarked that for vents the Free Church Council went in a body to the Brewster Session.. they went to encourage the megistratee to do right in the Interests of the peopleand the Bench had thanked them again and again for their presence and help. Mr. Brown oleo spoke of the pence provost and said that the Fre. Churchn en should make their voices beard in support of tLe lofty ideal of Sir Edward Grey. (Hear, bear). A short discussion followed on the president'. address. Mr. Wyt N x -Jos v.s wen of the opinion that it wee absolutely essential that the various Churches should Ulm an interest in social questione. If they were pre- pared to do that he thougl t that there wk. a bleued future for the Free Churchre both in Wnrrington and throughcut the world. (Hear, bear). VOIES OF THANKS.

At noon lunch was nerel d to the delegetes at Atkinson' Cafe, Griggs-street, after which votes of thanks were passed to tLe pester and cfficials of Wycliffe CLurch for their admirable arrangercents for U. gathering. BUSIINESS MEETING.

A meeting for the purpose of electing officers End tronsacting other business was held in the Wycliffe Memorial Hell in the afternoon. lhe following officers were re-appointed Mit Southport), president ;

Mr. W. °Neel' (Southport), treasurer; end the Rev. Alec Harvey (Widnes), wcretary. The balance sheet Bubmitted by the treasurer showed • balance in hand of E 5 6. 61d. The report of the Secretary showed that much work of • varied character had beer, done during the year. In some places COM:ICUS had been engaged upon the quiet work of deepening the spiritual life of the churcbs. In other places the work had been of a more public character. New Ceencils bad been formed at eerie.- town and N

A PEACE RESOLUTION. The following resolution relating to the recent peace proposal was unanimously peened "That thin meet- ing of the South West Lancashire Free Churches welcomes with want appreciation the proposals sug- gested twice in twelre months by the president of the United States nod reciprocated by Sir Edward Grey and Mr. A. J. Balfour that all questions between the two cation., without reserve of any kind shall he sub- mitted to Arbitration. It welcomes the determination of the federated churches of the United Slates to observe Sunday. April 2nd, an Christian Sunday. It alec pledges its !lemma to any practical mamma.. for the furtherance of the great cause of peace on Earth and brotherhood amongst men." It wee also imolved at the meeting that a united commemoration service should beheld on Coronation

_ Day, Jam 22. THE REV. CHARLES BROWN ON THE CO-OPERATION OF GOD AND MAN.

At 3.Sothe area of the church was quite full and an inspiring service, conducted by the Rev. Charles Brown, wee held. Taking as his text Paul planted, Apollo,' watered, but God gave the increase," the rev, gentle- man belted them to try to understend the unity of God. Let them believe that God ruled over every department of life. They should not divorce God from soy part of His Universe; for it Was naturally governed, and not by a fool. Nobody creered troth, nobody invented truth, and nobody invented the soul of another. Nobody invented the Gospel or the existence of God. The history of human achievement in the realm of business during the last 100 years read like I romance, but they were now just as much in the hand. of God en they were in pre-ecienrillo days. In the universe the personal energy of God was always operating, but He was always demanding human co-operation. They were not brought asp church Into existence merely by prayer,they needed to work as well ; and they never bad a church without prayer. It was only through the co-operation of God and of man that the world could be redeemed, and he (the speaker) asked them to do what they could towards that and.

, '• , t ' , 111 :”

===== 0002601_19110401_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENING DEMONSTRATION.

In the evening a Free Church Demonstration was held, when the body of the church was again fully occupied. Tbe 1t.,. Charles Brown presided and along with him on the dais were the Revs. John Yong., fr A Russell (Southport), A Harvey (Widnes), W Cooper, Mews II Paul (Southport) and Cl S Hirst (London).

===== 0002601_19110401_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
, THE CHURCH AND AMUSEMENTS.

The if., W Cooper lead the player and the nest speaker woe Mr. H. Pool., who said that if they could carry forward all that the Federation had decided to do and all that they had heard, the Free Church movement would not only spread, hut their liven would be greatly enriched. lint what be was afraid of was that they talked, planned, devised, nod tbe,. went back into their common humdrum style and were content with things an they found them, and would not make the nacelle. which were demanded. Tney needed a revival ; indeed they were anxiouly look*/ for one of a national ...ter. lie thougbt they might ask themselves no churches .d as a federation how they might font., the npir.t of revival. Th. next revival would have to he what theologians called an ethical revival which 1169 to say that they would have to haven greater spiritual life within themselves, so that the components of their church's life would be more vigorous. Was it not true that they bad been somewhat queationable in their churches' lire; they bad so to speak

CATERED FOR TICK 'FURL')

they had declared to the world and said it did not matter whether they had theatrical entertainments, card parties and whist drives, and said that such things were alright. He argued e bather they were all right. (Applauee.) They should not open their churches too widely and let too much of the worldly spirit get in or the the lice of demarcation between them and worldly people became blurred. (Applause.) In conclusion the spesker appealed for family prayer and oleo remarked that it wee about time they gave up critioleing the Billie and Legra to read it. (Applauee.)

===== 0002601_19110401_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
BRAIN AD OH

Mr. G. B. Misr said that when he, along with Mr. Brown, set oat upon the president isl tour which would touch every part of England end Wales he (tin speaker sated the Rey. F. B. Meyer If he bad. messege for Lancashire and he was told " Yes. Tell them that Lartirshire staods for brain and grit and the Free Churches Mend for both." He was convinced that thorn who kept aloof from the Free Church Council would be its heartiest supporters if they only been the work thinner. doleg. There was a note of deepondency rounded in many quartoTa rod they bed got accustomed to such phrases as THE DECLINE OF THR CHURCHES,"

but it was good for men eow nd then to walk on the sonny side of the street. (hear, h or.) The Free Church Connell movement h.d progressed greatly as wase evident from the fact that In years ego there were only 12 councile and to-day there were over 1,000. No mere organisation work could do that,ic pro. greased because it was needed—it was a product of the time, it was the focussing unit of the Free Church and it was essential. (Applause). They woold tree the good work that on being done when it was mentioned that town, were now divided into parishes for purposes of viaitatioe, rtscue work carried out, addresssem given to holiday makers, meetings held for prayer and mediae. Lion every week, hop pickers and fruit ph:tiers visited, services held in lodging-bout., dock yards and ship yarde,and lantern locums provided. a counter MG. lion to certain amusement.. In conclusion the speaker said that the Free Chemists had to show President Taft and Sir Edward Grey that they stood solidly behind them in their humane attempt to do away with the possibility of wa,. (Applause) THE PRESIDENT ON THE DIVINE PRESENCE. After expreesing the than. of the depilation to the Pastor and deecons of the Church for the warns welcome they bad rem ired, the Rev. CHARLES BRoWN said that he was visiting this veer, if God gave him strength, 52 federati MS and Churches in England and Wales. It was a large order, .d he would require a great deal of physical ea well es mental strength, and he would be glad of a place in their prayers that thone visit, would prove ,he success that had attended the localities he had already visited. Ile wanted to speak upon • most important matter—about the presence of Christ in the midst of the Church. It was eseential that they who attended the Conference and meetingu should get as near to the centre of things so possible—ntsr to Jams Christ. 'they bad bad laid before them by Mr. Hirst a complicated mats of , machinery necessary to organisation, which wa• abso- lutely necessary, but that movement would not be kept effective epart from the right spirit—the spirit that waa in their forefather.. Ile bused what he had to say upon some non, which their fathers realined in their individual esietence—be meant the words "Where ' two or three are gathered together in My name there am I in the midst of them." Their ' fathers rested upon Christ'. assurance and recognised • that where Christ wau there was the Church and upon thet they built their claim to the validity of their Ichurchmanebip. The glory of the presence of Christ was with their fatherland they Ind nothing if they hsd not that. Free Churchmau bad no outside things ; ' they were

SOT 111.RS8r. HY ANY .111,..Ni H 0V.111,11H11

..o. „. _ they were not supposed to belong to the real church ; end he himself was not supposed to be in the valid: ministry because he was not ordained by a Bishop. I Their fathers had all that acorn and a great deal more, hot they looked upon the world's taunts and sneers with perfect placidity, deter- , mination and courage. Macauley mid, almost ! with scorn. But he (the speaker) did not think ! it wee that—they were :removed by the sneers of the ! world became their strength was in the presence of! Christ. And they also built upon Christ's words "I em with yon even unto the end of the world." There was no teacher, continued the rev, gentleman, who spoke like our Lord spoke, those words put Him into a category entirely apart. But while such words were not to be found upon the lips of any other teacher they were continually found upon the lips of our Lord. He bed read the works of Socrates, but he never uttered words like those: he never said when he wee dy lug that "he would be with them even unto the end of the world," but he the speaker: believed that Jesus Christ said thern, and he believed that Ile had mid them when Ile had come throrigh the mystery of death, when Ile stood where no human being had ever stood, with death behind Him. Death was in front of everyone else, it was behind Him with His resurrection body independent of specie' " lam with you even 10th. end of the world." He (the speaker) would tell them why he believed that our Lord uttered those words. Became daring 1900 years people had proved, end proved by experience, the actual presence of the living Christ. And they knew LITERARY CRITICISM COULD AVAIL NOTIIIN,:

....- .... AGAINST CHRISTIAN NNYERIINCII . —a consensus of Christian experience. Did mit men in the old days cry" Jeans Christ is present with us ; we 4 have sten the Lord," and if they of old ha seen that vision they might also have it now. "The pr sente of the living Christ" was not merely a pulpit p atitude, not s it istaken fancy, hut • real bit of Christie patience. He knew the mystery of it, it vas inco hensib:e With Christian people on the other too of 1 the world, end with Christian peoplei near it nierant much to all of them, and he confessed that if It were not for the glimpses of Christ that he ad he would simply be unable to go on Vi h his work. (Such words of comfort from Christ and the reality Id( Ills t presence meant much to all of them in those da N of strain and monotony. There was bottling, th rev. gentleman said in conclusion, that the Church ned ed more to-day than the recovery of the presence of hriat

s New Liquid Cement for and 3lsking. In tubes Id., 24., 3d., Bd.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
ia their midet, and he prayed God it would be given7to every Church repreeented there that evesiog. ;Subdued applause). IWO:. F. A. RUSSELL AND THS HISTORY OF

THE FREE CHURCHES. The Rev. F. A. lichsci.cit the outset of se elapses speech which dealt mainly wick the history of the Free Church movententoeferred to the pleasure it gave him to speak there,io the flrat place owing to the fact that as • young minister under Mr. Yong., in Liverpool he learned many lessons for the perfecting of Christian life. He was also pleased to associate himself with the crusade on behalf of Christ which sows being proeecuted by the Rev. Charles Brown, Mr, Hirst end others who were connected with the Free Church Council. They ! mast not forget that the various churches represented at the Free Church Council were united on greater points than on those cure which they differed. it weir a great end eternal thing that they !should be bound together in their faith in AltuiLlo y God ard their Saviour Jesus Christ. He ! newer thought of the Free Churches of England an being in any sense separate from one another and !boned t• gather as they were they could do • bigger and a better work for Christ than if they were divided. ! (Applause.) The Free Churhes had no °cession to be apologetic, he continued, concerning their history and concerning the work they !.ad done for the people of England. it hr n the Free Chnrthe• of England first came into esistence their fathers and mothers were very stnt,ll,t at. very eovoreign people sud they wanted to get the

OF TOR IITIILE

~...... into them and slim vomited to get that spirit into the English people, lie thought that they were not only Untrue:rental in restoring the spirit or Chriat to men, but they were also instrumental in giving to English life a distinction and a strength which but for their influence it would not have possessed. In the old day., the Bible was to the English people everything bunt a message of the eternal Christ it was history, poetry, drarus, and philosopy, and one of the results of that conception of the Bible was the great imaginative period in English literature—the period that produced Shakes re, Spencer,end others. The Bible -permeated lib nature, and gave glory and distinction to England. Free Churchmen should rejoice in the fact that their Presbyterian and Puritan fathers in the days of Elizabeth were men who were really inter- ested in bringing the Bible to the lives of the yeople. (Applause.) In the old days the Bible by entering into the minds and hearts of the Presbyterian., Inde- pendents, Baptists and others created among them a yank, for freedom and that sense of justice which led them to demand justice in tLe Common- weslth. it was their forefathers who were mainly instrumental in bringing to them the priv.legeu of the commonwealth by which they enjoyed free foyers. meet. (Applause.) Prior to the Wesley., Whitfield and others of las time, England was parochial—always con• corned about herself— but through them preaching the gospel fm r and wide they mode England line; they made England conscious of the presence and regenerative power of the risen Saviour. They changed the whole face of English life end pet • radiance and distinction upon it which was recognised by the world. But they not only did that. Any man who had ! any konveledge of man and his civilisation knew that it they changed man they changed his ci•iliaation and he claimed for the evangelical • revival not only a nobler religion bet a nobler literature nod the great reforming political enterprise of the 19th century. (Applaurie.) ins the opeaker said their forefathers were mighty, I lbeesuse they were mighty in the Scriptures ; they studied the Bible end mastered it and that made them whet they were. lie questioned very much whether ' "

===== 0002601_19110401_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
N101).;RN NTT9NFOR!IIE,:I'S.

were no interested in the Bible, and whether they rend it 80 carefully. The reading of the Bible was one of the supreme condition, of a revival of religion among Nonconforrniets and all Churohpeople. To know the Bible, to be learned in it sod to ponces its 'mirk was the supreme requisite of the restoration of their power. After pleading for more private prayer and family prayer, which he described. one of the unconquerable powers of their ancestors, Mr. Russell mid that greet c. their work had been in the past they could make it infinitely greater in the future by all realising their , responsibility and working to... Christ: They had • great

WORK TO iTIO IN KNOI.Ar

to Christianise it, to make it a powor for her good and s power among the nations and the only way they could pt back to their power one through being saturated in the Scriptures and being conscious of the presence of Co I the ugh prayer. And then, although their past bad been one of illuminated history their future would be for better. (Loud applause.) 'rho Rev. JOHN YONG', who while Mr. Russell was speaking succeeded to the chair owing to the enforced departure of tits Rev. Charles Brown to catch a train, and that he trusted that they would all carry away with them what had been said that day and that they would determine to carry into their h,aee the religious life more than they bad ever done. The meeting concluded with the Doxology and the Benediction pronounced by the Rev. John Yonge.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CORONATION.

Grant to the Mayor.

At a meeting of the General Purposes C, mmittee, held at the roan Hall on Monday afternoon, under the presidency of the Mayor (C,uncillor Dr. Jcsa.plx) the recommendation of the Coronation Sub-Committee, that the Mayor sh old be allowed a salary of 11,000 to defray the expenses of the Coronation celebrations in Warrington, was carefully considered Some of the members considered this amount to large, and it was eventually decided that it be reduced to .£.lOO. Thollsvon expressed himself in entire accord with the decision.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL LICENSED VICTUALLERS' ASSOCIATION. Presentation to Sir Gilbert GreenalL Bart.

A deputation from the Liverpool Licsoadd Victualler.' Association waited upon Mr. William' Harrison, J.P., sod Sir Gilbert °treenail, Bart., at the Exchange Station Hotel, Liverpool, on Monday ' last, to present each gentleman with an illuminated address, enclosed in an hoglish gold-mounted (tame, in recognition of their services in presiding at the six- teenth and seventeenth annual dinners promoted by the aseasziation, The function at which Mr. Harrison pre- sided was held on the 'Het April, 1910, and that over which Sir Gilbert Greenall presided on the 24th November following. Mr. William H. Moore, chairman of the association in making the preeentationa, eulogized sad compli- mented Mr. Harrison and Sir Gilbert Greened' on their genial and satisfactory occupancy of the presidential chairs sod referred to their individuri liberality end that of their respective firms in augmenting the trade funds of the association at a time taken there was so roach call upon the fiends for trade defecce putposem The Chairman wee ably supported by Mr. lame Turner, senior trustee and president of the Licensed Victuellerat Defsoce League for England and Wale., who referred to many instances upon which both Mr. Harrison end Sir Gilbert Greened bad dote valuable woek in the interests of the trade.

M. Harrison and Si, Gilbert Greensll suitably acknowledged the addresses, which they hoped to hand down to posterity cs heirlooms. The deputation consisted of Mr. William H. Moore (chairman of the associ•tion), Messrs. Isaac Turner, James Steusrt and Robert Shecklady (trustee.), Mersa...Thomas Preston and 'Edwin Wright (past chair.' men), and J. Scott (secrvary). After the presentation. Mr. Harrison and Sir Gilbert Cireemill very kindly invited tbe deputation to take lunch with them.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
TO PROMOTE PEACE. PARLIAMENT AND THE NEW MOVEMENT- COMM ITTEE FORMED.

In view of the announcement, made by President Taft and Sir !Edward Grey with respect to a pmeible agreement between the United Kingdom, by which all matters of difference arising between the two nations would be referred to arbitration, and of the edema- Willy of bringing all penmen of nil shades of opinion together in nupport of the general principle involved therein, it hen been thought well to form a general committee of member, of Parliament kelonging to different parties in the House, whose olthct it will be to further the advencement of thin principle and the ultimate acceptance of nisch an agreement. Colonel It. Williams end Mr. Carr-Gomm are acting en joint hon. recreteries, end will receive tie throes of members willing to join in the movement.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
11IE TERRITORIAL FORCE.

1 A Bluebook was iseued on Wedneeday night contain- ing the return of the Territorial Force for the year ended September 30th hut. The returns show that dur- ing the year the strength of officers rose by 1117 to 9,759, but the strength of other lflake declined from 290,389 to 257,997. The shortsge on October lit was 1,451 officers and 49,925 nonnommluioned cfficers and men. The report adds that es was expected the large recruiting flgeres of the previous year were not msin• tained, but the falling off wee greeter than anticipated. lithe previous yam. over 110,000 recruit• were taken. Last year the yield wee only 42,239 recruits. The nnm- hers who went on termination of engagement, 23,422, were considerably lees than the 31,,9 who went the I year before, but formed a higher percentage of the numbers due to go; In other words, a smaller propor. lion of those completing their time re-engsged. Only two districts. tits North end the South Jlidlsnd, show 50 per gent of their establishment strength.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCCESSFUL WAY.

PRATT'S

,HICKEN MEAL roust alwa, form tife first mormag meal. and be wren

SPRATT'S

HIKKO"

.hold be given J,7... the after- noon and evening meal.

Sample, averl Booklet Free. ..SPIAITS PATENT, lA. Lea" I

AGENTS:

CARTER & SON, Bridge St. Warrington. PRACTICAL POULTRY FARMING.

QL CI C

_o)1

===== 0002601_19110401_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
kßy Redcap.)

THE BACKYARDER. The most successful of all poultry-keepers is the backyorder. The reasons for this fact are obvious. With only a few birds to tend he is able toconcentrate his attention to the well-being of the stock. He can also easily detect the unprofitable ones sod replace them by better, much more easily than if he hed a large stock to nupervise. Then again, he is aisle to economise the fo d bill Loy using scraps from the household, which is a very gool food, inasmuch as table scrop3 embody valuable egg-producing elements. In a small way the powibilities of the backyard poultry-keeper are great. A large number of such people make vet), decent prat, fr.im their Lobby. Those who do not are ass rule niclims Of

ERRORS 10 0 SNAGEMENT. Indifferrnt housing accommodat on, injudici, us feed. ing ; and the haphazard relic ion of the stock birds are the three poiois which are generally the cause of . failure. A warm and comfortab!e house sad run is esaential and where space is limited the whole of the run should be covered in. There is nothing worse for fowls—especially laying bran than paddling about up to the hocks in wet muddy runs. It may suit pigs, bat certainly not poultc y. The importance of having a covered run cannot be too well recom- mended. By so doing the floor is kept dry and for quite a long time you are enabled to keep it fresh and clean. A good layer of sand and straw litter deed .wises the excreta, and also furnishes them with good scratch- ing exercise. The litter is all-important to fowls in confinement, the tendency being oter-feeding, no that you see the nerd for an alternative! to old fashioned methods. Fowls that are forced to either huddle together in a corner, or stand on the perches (out of the mud) are bound to cultivate idle fleas and become unprofitable, From the foregoing remarks I do not wish to infer that—unless a fowl is always on the " nui and scratch "—it is unprofitable. There is a difference between legitimate rest and idle moping,and one can soon tell from obrervation ; When you see thr m busily pluming thr ir feathers they are healthy, but, on the other hand, when they stand in a heap with their heada in dizir necks there is some- thing wrong. Therefore, you will observe how the foregoing remarks apply. Comf,,rtab!e howling then is the finit aid t lducceea.

... Is often the cause of much failure ; for whether a fowl is overfed or underfed h th alike it spells disaster. Overfeeding engenders laziness while underfee ling pioduces inactivity and debility The object of the barkyarder should be " striking the medium." Feed your stock on wholesome food, but see that they clear up every mead Never let any food lie shout in the tuns ; and when you give a feed of for rat it Always ilt,vtearynsq that they rememberEavienlothsTrwatcift dionwanea'r% that it is natural for fowls to search for their food by this process. What useless creatures they would be if they got their food without working for it ! And should'nt we Surely the analogy applies in every walk of life. Inasmuch as an • idler 'is useless are Vase feathered rentals snits, encouraged to become active. An essential point under this heading is the drinking water. Ft wls should always base access to • plentiful supply of clean water. When the w.ter has to stand in a vessel it should be emptied and renewed at least twice a day. Never allow it by any means ti become polluted. A supply of flint grit and calcined oyster- shell is also essential. Orit to a fowl is what teeth are to us, and just as we should become martyrs to indigestion witlicut the aid of ' grinders' so would they without a supply of grit. If any of my readers happen to be dentists they will support me in this. At the mune time the Edit or may' rap' for the free advent. Well ! That is all 1;y-the-way. The second point then is, wholvema food, c!ean drinking water, and grit, judiciously given.

'SELECTION-OF STO4 K.

You may have substantial and c =fort rble homing quarters and you may also be an adept in feeding.flut what is the good of this if the stack is of an inferior strain ? As I have hitherto mentioned, the back- yarder is in a pli i n to easily weed out wasters. This should be rigid y carried out. It is useless r housing and feeding unprofitable specimens Care- fully observe individual results and replace discarded ones by birds whose god qualities have been tested Of count', for such specinuns you will have to pay a good 'nice, but even so you not only get better results, but are enabled to keep the strain intact. When ytit have dips far got together a good stock, always rear sufficient from them t 3 replace the old ones next season. And by purchasing an unrelated male li.rd (from an equally good stock each season) you ktep together continuously a good laying strain. When it is known that you keep f awl. of a noted laying strain, you can generally get a few customers for eggs few sitting purpose.. Thus they are more profitable still, because the higher price obtained fot eggs for sitting, Urugs up the average yield of profits cossiderably.

,ENERAI. REMARKS. wOnld not advise backyardera to breed too many. I know well the Ii mptation to do so when one lies a good stock, but in the lanited area it is Lot advisable to do or. Transgression in this direction means over- crowding, and in turn over-crowding mein, disease and general disaster. Be satified with good results even if they are forcibly limited, and remember that the knowledge ytu gain in a small way ettnal ou io gtoil steal if at any time yea widen your operations. I hare a profound resFect and ,uhuiration for the Br, kyard enthusiast. Ile see.o to take such a busines,lik: interest in his pursuit,; and! if there are some who are not making good headway, then let tne implore you to follow out the advice set forth in thou-omens ; yore will soon be gratified by actual results. Send me your name and address and I will come to your as•istance gladly. I as. sure that when our backyard p ultry men do get "back to !the land' they will sueered more rapidly than many others who have thrown chances and opportunities away

Some of my readers mica booby ' I have not received very many attempts as vet, so to give you • farther chance of competing, I Lave decided to extend the

. Old C, abar CHICALA A DRY FEED FOR CHICKENS AGENTS:

CARTER & SON Bridge St. Warrington.

'LIGGS for hatching ; buy of the breeder.—Silver 12.4 Wyandotte, White Wyendotte, Columbian W 3 andotte, Andalusian, White Leghorn, Bnff Orpington, and Redcap. Indirn Runner duck ages, rm. erica ; Walton's strain, selected from the best strains in England, every pen fit to breed winners: retry pay to.. Ed. per dozen when you can gets. good for 3s. per dorsal ; free nage of 81 acres ; 10 to hatch or another sitting half price; 49 years constant poultry breeder ; inspection invited with pleasure. ROWLAND HOOO Arm Bmodrigg Poultry Farm, Kendal, Westmorland.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Eggs. Poultry, etc. NO DEAD CHICKS

By using only ARM [TAGER' DRY CHICK FOOD It will toy you. Chicks reand on this Food •Ioo• weigh 200 s. at 5 weeks, commence to lay at 5 months. An lid. beg (by post Is.) rests 12 Chickstlll S weeks old. Begs 4d , 8(1., Is. 4d., 2s. 5(1., etc. Makers:— ARMITAGE BROS., LTD., POULTRY FOOD SPECIALISTS, NOTTINGHAM. SOLD Br' : CARTER AND SON, CORN DEALERS, WARRINGTON.

AFEW EGOS from Blue Wysndottes, 3s. I;d. dome —HoLori, Cross Gills, II arM Greet), Whalley.

BUFF Orpington and Black Minorca EGOS for sitting, 3s. eacb.-2, WHITTL6 Partington lan*. Swinton. MTHITE WYANDOTIES, Fiercest's strain direct ; 3. &I. sitting carriage paid.—Stinw, Gill 1..., Longton, Preston.

WYANDOTrES, Ruffs sad R-du : beet of hum, *ins 34. fid. dozsu.—J ANI r-s Cameetr-L, Sutherland, Poultry Furst, Golsple.

UVTiMS and Black Leihut n EGGS, 3. 6d. dozen; • • carriagepil ; infinite leplawd.-OAVKROGER 39, %Vitoria° rd., Burnley.

CIARTER'S ("Old Eatabllabad Firm"), massive. Aylosbory Duck Epp Si., halals Runners 2a. Dd. dosea.—DVRON FARM, Nlorecambo.

WHITE LEGHORN, Minorca. Plernouth Rock, Bold Orpington EGOS, 3a 6d. dor.en.-32, NIASSZT PARK, Liscord, New Brighton.

SlTlTrriertigSwof EtCICII9 from Huff end Bleck Leghorn., invited.—Aloifte'o7, 72:211eafirtrr truiroletvi°'

VOUS for Sitting, from pens of Pure Barred Reeks EU White OrpMelons, ”d Mite Wyandotte. ; 2s. 611. dosen.—BATHO, Broome HOUte, Ellesmore. BLACK Leghorn's EGGS ss. dozen, breeder of lit Altrinchatn, lit Miry, 3rd Cryttal Paler., 2nd Woolwich, 1909.—W. Reeves, 203, Rolfes, st., Nelsen XTEW.LAID EGGS on Sale, none wed apply °elm able to take 210 or 30.—J. HOLDRN, jun., Small. wood Hey Farm, Pilling, Gs-stang.

EVIGIOS for sitting from splesdid hying stride gammon Fever°lles for table bin.; eggs ...don; day-old chicks double.—Misses Co knees*, Cresway., Market Levlegton, Wiltshire.

Vtl-GS for riming from th• Mont harem, Buff OrpMit• WI too., Block end Whito Irmhornr Lorrhoro- Wroorlottrs, 3., dorm.; clears repletero.-11Rw,r, Oudalo,Porrn Sercorobr., Ihrrhire. . '

LIGGIS pure bred White Wyendott.. Buff Orpingtons. I 7.4 White and Black Leghoron and Anconas ; splendid laying strains ;b chin well ; 3.sltting.—HATZl6 wril) SON. North Cottage. Frwalptnn. lancaahlra. 130813C0M8 Minorca eggn from large typical hens (noneitting winter layers); mated with cockerel from Webetor's Crystal Palace winner.; So. Gd. dosen. BnoloLL,l'rwston,

from *mod peas, 01 ff Orpinston's, also Houideas, 2s. fl. dos. Orpington beaded by cockerel from Mn. ; inspection larked.— , WM. THORNTON, Saddler, Pallas. Gersten,. _

fiLACK LEGHORN EGGS.—A few it.iop for sale 215., 109. 6d., 591. dozen ; unfert i les ruplueed one. See lig of 1111480101 If ins in " Poultry Workl."— FISH' &NAM Quarry, Oultaldtaistlo.

VOGS, Sireon-Hunter's, Myna's, Tain•dge'• While LA Wymndottes 34. ittl. dose*. Crown, 41.. bulb lb* finest utility end exhibition xtock, replecod.—LklC6, Benton lane, Attenhorough, Notts.

FVat-ST—C IT ross yamlottighorn EGOS. 2.1. Pd. sitting • onferiiles replaced ; from mogniaceot pen pedigree 'birds, on areas ruin; enorrcona egg pro- dneers.—CUßSToN. Shifnal. Salop.

ITTILITV White lamborna EGGS, 3, Gd. dozer,: Buff Orpingtob•Legtorn mots, 2s. ad. dozen; Inspection and particulars.—Davins, 81, Sparta Bottoms, linobdale.

CHAMPION LAYERS.—Ifggs from pure bred while Leghorn 215 and NG egg etralus Ss. Rd dozen ; carriage peid ; imfertiles replaced. 211. liA6711•11, Medlar, Kirkham, Lence,

yuV7in7 Wyendotte, Buff aad White Orpiegtone 191morca Ergs, unfertiles replaced, 59. u9d 3s. dozen. Vecency for pupil, bracing air, well anpoinied house; specially suitable for one in delicate health.— TYLeu, Gleadlese, Sheffield.

IN the Street laying competition six white Wyandottes (pen 20) Isid 653 rggs Dom October to March. My birds are bred from these, inheriting their eonderfol laying powers ; sitting ss. ; !infertile. replaced.—A. D. CLARKE, Marsh Farm, Lowell, Lancs.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
'I VDL IT ACK WYANDOES.—EGGS from splendid pen. AI coritstoing winners of prizes and specials at Saban!, Derby, Ashby, New Ross, Hope e•c. ; tbis @Halo are rood layers, ss. Ed., for IS eggs onfertiles replaced if returised.—Ro wi.tED BUTTERWORTH, Borman Hall Estate. Wilmslow. Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
128 RGO3 per day average for December, 126 January, from 2-A0 heas.—l claim to have the best L•ying Straits in existence in White Wyaedoti es sad Buff Orping' car ; E. 3.. 6d.isr dr viz ; unfeal gtance.yd.lo.lnire6. h Prtioc .e;ton (la 11:s“; Liktlartirs., Loogridge, three miles). Uoo4.—White Leght me, Black Leghorns, White rra yandottre, Buff Rock., flrrred Roar, fluff Orpleatms, 2r. ed., Black Minorcan. 3s. firl. doe*. ; Also %Vhite Wyandotte. and Black Moore.. Cockerels. 3. and P. floater's prize breed.—Owrs, Acker', Latch. ford, Warrington.

'JOE CARTER, Litchfield befen ', Si,lieighley, breeder, exhibitor and exporter of high chess exhibition, and ntility poultry, is now selling *gas by return from his Ancona., Andulukians, White Wyandotles, and fluff lOrpingl one, rit 3.. per doz., 2 dor. se. 64., 50, 10s. 6d., unfertiles replaced; record winter layers, all s inners at , stud ; hundreds of testimonials, lost 15 years. Special safety boxes. inspection Invited.

MWO EGGS gine for %Infertile returned. My 1 pens of eshibition birds are so good as any in England ; wine,. of over 20 firsts and specials ; Spangle, Bine, Black and En;lisb Gems, firi.; good White Wyandotte., Leghorne.Minorcas, 4s. per sitting ; mention paper.—ElerinT PICAR4ON Rr,nrr, Whalley Bridge, Cheabire. BLACK LEGIIORNS. These are tbe birds which fill the egg basket. For utility nothlog to equal them. I woo first special and reserve for best bird in chow at Southall, 19 pellets in clau Feathered World report, grand in sin, comb, lobes, legs and colour. A gem, win good class eggs, first pen Gs., second 4s.—RorLe Pouvrar Pros, Glossop, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
Farrows Poultru Mustad.

The finest results in egg yield are obtained in Spring by the addition of this, condiment to the soft morning feed.

CALL AT THE LOCAL AGENTS for sample 11b. Bd. and leaflet. ,eI2IRTER & SON

BRIDGE STREET,

\Varringt

SITTINGS Buff Orpington, Hondanz, Black tout White Leghorn, pure bredz, 3.. 6d.—SiscL•ot, Standlake, Ozon.

I-10BM, Coppice Game Farm, Huntley, Oloe.; now IJ bookiog BM from black and ring necked Pbeasnme ; price list on applioation.lnapealon Invited. _ . Eat3S' Black Leghorn, So. firteeo ; aplendid layers Rodwell's Mrsin.—Pousos,Vew Tree,Slaithwalte Huddersfield.

grIENUINE Blank Wyandotte EGGS from big winners, 3s. gd. dozen ; oroaa-breda ; immense Pekin crow duck egg*, 2e. 3d. dozen ;onf.,tilso replened.— Limn, Farmer. Coepel-eale•Prith.

Langsban and Waite Wyandotte gat% 3s. sitting ; splendid laying strains ; unfertiles rephmed —STANren. Barrow. Chaster. SILVEK W)andotte EGGS from excellent hying strsin 9n. Cl. sitting.—C. Boom, Hill House Ipstooen, Staffs. poos—Blue Andslosians, 2s. Bd. per dozen, from AA grand pers.—PORTER, Post 05,., Stailnioll,

VOGS from capital pen brown Leshorne. Widd's and Li Clarkson's strains, also Redcaps, !lilts Strain ; splendid layers, every egg fertile ; fte. dosen.—Arcrw ea ROBINiSON, Rimington, Clitberoe.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
11111 LIRE White Leghorn.. /a per sitting ; la 6d. A fetched.—J. KEIGHLIY, Preston Wives, Dilworth; Longrldge, Preston. LIGOS from my exhibition laying sushi of Redcap,. 3s. 64. sitting •, unfertilm replaoed ; chink. 10s. down with mother 12t. ; live delivery gums. teed.—Famccis WATI Redo tp Specialist, Meadow I Poultry Perm, Birchover. Matlock, Dvenshire.

I.IOOS, rich brown, from pnre.bred Crosd [anything L 4 2n. 6. dozen, packed.—Davir.a, Byratirion Halkyn hiountain, Holy.. Y Spangled Old English Gam are omperh, Eggs INA h. nitting.—Taomas Lurr, 269, Chapman It., Gorton, Manchester.

WHITE WYANDOTTE EGOS, fom 283 sap VT train; mated to birds of 265 strain; 3s. par dozen on rail, 2s. Bd. Dead for.—T. WlNlCNowni,lisusbtoo, Tarporley.

CARTER & SON.

All hiois of Chola sod Meal, Moclicioto, Ovotor Shell (sod firits of all lino), Bono Meal, Clrisiol,

Biscuit Mfal, Chicken and Turkey Meal, Chikko, Pellets, rettening Meal (Armitage's Dry Chick Food,, Pest Moss dine

Meal, Flakeriaer ißtle, .dt Chickeir Mixed Poultry Coro, Dove Food, Parrot Food, Rabbit Food, Cut

la Imo, Coop, Fountains, Troughs, &c., Mol•ssine

Mad, •111 Cattle Food• and (I am e Foods.

CARTER & SON, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINU TON.

Corn Flour and Provender Stores. Corn Millers.

• ti POULTRY.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE OF HACKNEYS AT WALTON

Big Prices Realised

On Wednesday a sale of a draft of Sir Gilbert GreenalTs pedigree hackneys, ponies, and hams, mares took place at Walton Hall, near Warrington, Mr. W. Bainbridge being the auctioneer. Aliogether thiriy-thrre lots were sold, which realised 1,172 (guineas, an average of slightly over It guineas. The highest price paid for a single animal was 200 guineas for Terrington Dimple, a three year old bay filly, knocked down to Mias lhoogworthy, Holyport, Maidenhead. The following is a list of the animals sold, eith their buyers and prices : " " " " •

Yearling Hackney Colts.—Forth glom Ambush, Mr A Montgomery, Kirkcudbright, 41gs; Torrington Teskord, Mr E Poulton, Devises, Wilt., 20p; Torrington Deleg de, Mr Bewley, Belfast, 22gs. beading Hackney Filly.—Terringtoo Cerem ,ny, Mr II Lender, ilethemsge, 15gs. Hamm. alares.—Tissington Ames* Mr Poster, Mel. Valley, Birmingham, 35ge ; Torrington Corooet, Mt.! , Mokeague, Newtcn.le-Willose, 97,g5; Torrington Gold- ' wings, Mr. Shsrpley, Stoke, lOgs ; Torrington Majestic, !dr J Aitken, Penketh, rigs ; Torrington Divinity. Mr Baden, Southport, 97gs ; Torrington Tregody, Mr Cooper, 37gs. Three.Yesr-Old Filliee.—Terrington Demoiselle, Mr. Mayor, Wigan, 100 g.; Carrington Crust, Mn 'Fagg Winiblodon 75g5 ; Torrington Dimple, Miss Llog.. worthy, 2041 ; Timington Als, Mr A Gemmell, Ayr, 115 g.; Tiselogton Corot, Mn Onions, Ellesmere Port, 47ga; Timington Convert, Mr Meson, 35ge. Two-Year-Old —Tissington Allegro, Mr Jol.qa Jones, Wrexham, 36g.; Tiesingtoo Gimp, Mr Memo, Disochoster, 20g.; Tiseington Kinglet, ?dr W B Tubbs, London, 26g.; Torrington M Feather, r.l Ball, Croft, 50g.; Terrington Sunny, Mr Bewlsy, 49ge; Torrington DorM, Mr CMOs r, Norfolk, 22ge; Torrington Clove, Mr Gemmel', 30ge ; Torrington Causation, Mr W B Tubbe,3oge, Yearling Pony Colta.—Timington Jacobin, Mr Ellis, Preston, 14gs; Tiseington Amos, Mr Tubbs, llgs. Yeerlisg Pony Fillies.—Timington Amaryllis, Mr Raynor, llgs; Tiadagten Snooze, Mr Swale., 21go Timiogion Jccelyne, SleElhi., 13os; Tissingtort Girlish, Mr W I'osterjlo ge; Tissington Aigrette,Mr A J Willett, Stockton Heath, 20gs ; Timingtoo Accretive, Mr Fish, Preston, 57ge; Tiesiog ton Ruckory,Mr Thorpe, 1' gr.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INFIRMARY.

At the General Anatol Meeting of Goveroule held or, the 23. d blerch, the folio. log repreeeetetive governorn of work. sad socletiee were prespot —Mears W Bibby, J H Burnett, C J Hayes, W Jackinn, sad 1,. Weir. At a meeting of the Board of Management Mr W Peter Hylaods was tumult:Dowdy r..-tdected Chairman of the Board.

It wes resolved tbet the fqiiowiog members be oppointed for the ensuing year the Houssitor, and Finance Committee :—Menr• George Usk* John Paircloogh, Charles IWhit., Thomas Barton, J H Smethurst, Captain George Croth,ld and Mr Heger C Parr.

Ihe following Isdies were appointed for the mowing, year tlo Ladies Comntittee t—Lady Greens Mrs Zibe Armitage, Mrs .1 K Moamar., Mr. J Cherlton Parr, Mrs F W tillin, Mrs Marry V Piga, Mr. F Mrs George Dakin, Mrs Cherie. Broadbent, Mrs W Peter Hslande, NI. W Bracecamp, and Mrs 1, Aylmer Frost.

• It an announced that -the workpeople in some of the local works.were endeavouring 01 organize to lacrosse the works contribution., and that following on the recent arsenal meetieg of the Workingmen a CommiLtee, greater interest was being taken by ernploleam in the lestitutioe.

PIT CAGE ACCIDENT. 500 LANCASHIRE MINERS IDLE.

About 5.30 Ant. on Wednesder, while eiglittsemiaritn. Ren being wound down at Bicketshaw Colltefite, No. 3. Pit, Sis Feet Mine, Leigh, owing apparently to the steam being shut off tort soon, the cage bumped saltiest the bearers at the bottom of the pit, the result being ' that the men were hurled in different directiots. The cage rebounded, and several men were thrown out Onto the lending. Thomas Maloney, elite Spider, a Leigh wrestler, wan nutting those who sustained severe shook and in,Uriee to the logs. They were merlirallr turreted ned cvmuyed home. The p t hen stopped for results* Shoot ,00 torn being temporarily thrown out of employ- went.

LINSEY,' COLIF,UND for Collet's sad Colds. Of proven efficacy. 911., .!‘ Is. I id. Of Choc iati Iy. —Adt

===== 0002601_19110401_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
MACHINERY.---1901-1910.

Ic“mi.H.F.l, ('. E. PAItKEIt-N., 9.1

Machinery perhaps as well, or better, than to the industries using these. One advantage any other trade,shows our pre-eminence as a which our Free Trade policy gives us is that manufacturing country. It should be noted we are the first to benefit by any invention in the diagram that to show the imports I or improvement devised abroad which results have had to adopt a second index at the in cheapened production, and is a decided left hand side as it would have been advantage in the world's competition. If impossible otherwise to show both exports any useful tool or machine is devised, as and imports on one diagram. It will be seen soon as made it is offered on the English that our imports are almost stationary while market and if serviceable bought by our own our exports have increased by the enormous manufacturers. Protected countries lag sum of eleven and a half million. Unlike behind until forced to adopt the same when most trades these exports have not in 1910 they find their export trade crippled by the reached the amount of the exceptional year cheaper production of this country. American 1907. The imports are largely of machinery boot making machinery is a case in point. covered in part or whole by patent rights. Confirmation can be found of this by anyone While the recent Patent Law will do some- who studies the exports and imports of boots thing to lessen this class it will no doubt be of France, Germany and the United King- to our interest to purchase the bulk of these dom. goods from factories abroad at which they are The number of persons employed in this made on a large scale and therefore at low cost industry according to (lie 1901 census was The machines we import are of great service 1,435,835.

to the slant tobacco an I sweets. A man who mold not bay his Leiner. on Saturday evening ought not to be provided with it on Sunday. Another Tn. DM( earn. might ho said of beer and epirits. Mr. St. ml said licensing legialation had necessarily always been carried on entirely separately from other legislation. The soggete.ion just made would obviously hen proposal to include in a Lioensing 11,11 and not in n Shops Bill, Mr. W. ROlll,ll, it barmen sad barmitidn would come under the term " rhop assistants " according to thia Kill. M L./ All St : Choy we not •xempt from 111, pro vial OM. Mr. Dimmers: So we shall get some relief for them If the Bill passes. hir. JUR 0 %IV A publirehot so Is a ri ttil shop !according to the Act. iherefore barmen and bitrosaids ! will be shop assistants. May we hope that Mr. Smith will support that being kept as it in. Mr. Su rut I think bernsen and barmaid. work very long bouts indeed—much too long. Another trader mid he understood that the barmen's Onion was lighting strenuously to he included in the Act. Mr. Soirur: As shop assistants it would certainly appear that they are included. Mr, Jl. NI AN: If they serve cost:own they come

...C1 1901 11011 1903 1904 1903 1908 1907 lOW 11109 191 1 raff4l 071.40 ni -11 if .-1M neryl Jo .21 1-1 .27 •2 0. z ir ...e. 1 1/454577 -14 - .5#.1 ..i.e,rei,',' „„„, .2.3 _ .77...de 7,..gn. Nteri,", Jl7rtlfros:.3- fn-#ome ti-re 4 .2/ o-- _ ..........:,. --,...,,......................„. 5 .2/2 Igoit hand .n.lepr i ic ql -

===== 0002601_19110401_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHOPS BILL.

MR HAROLD SMITH MP , CONFERS WITH LOCAL TRADESMEN. The Markets Question

Mr Harold Smith, havirg invited the trailee- men of Warrington to c infer with him on the reo- ',Mons of the Shops Bill, which writ shortly come before the H use of Commons for second reading, a large anil representative meeting was herd in Toft's Atetembly Room, Bridgestreet, on Monday afternoon The Warrington Tradesmen's Association and other organizations gent delegates, and the Bill tinning been outlined and explained by Mr. Smith, an interesting diecussion on various point. .4 elstail conned, the Member promising to give them his closevt attention when she measure reached the committee vtage. In

111 introductory sperch, under the head of "shop emistants." - Mr. HAROLD SMITH said he lal come to prnise the THE HOLIDAY QUESTION. Billeted not to bury it. lile had considerable at meth y Mr. JA li Al AN referred to the power which was given with the objects it. meant to attain, and he was ans to the local authority to flx an early closing day for all to:bear the liens of those who represented the trader,. shops in Its area. libel would not effect most of those of Warrington, in order that pertions by their surges- nesent, bet already notice had been seat to Mr. times it mipt be developed in one quarter or perbeiss kitirchill because it would undoubtedly •ffect such restreined so another roamr. Nothing but good could establishments as Co-operative Societies and large come from that meeting. It was utterly impossible for emporium. like leaie',... All they salted ma that when ... M.P. to. ..... assorts p.."' On nil 'else". of, __social notice am given that certain trades should reform unless lie obtained mietance. it was because _ion. .ri, on e.utin dry-, ~,,ch .oad.h.e.. he desired assistance that he hail d " could claim to close on ono day for the entire number that meeting. It was bin that, particularly of b.„..en onrrind on, Interested as he was in measures of social reform, in Mr. Se ITU : I can bear Mr. Chorchill raising en 1 company with other membere of the House of Com- mons to forms kind of commiselon to receive various °.lr.idi,oadn tl°., that.e „Lir, weialrller ctait.g.e.deannt.t.,..uptclehriii 1 deputation., like that one, and he felt it his duty to only have to go to the Co-opr Mire Society. consult his constituency Amt. Ile mut hoping to Mr JA RAI AN : I don't think that would be likely to benefit very much by the discussions which would take .„,..„.. I, ddes not ono., in w.a.00.. place at ruck meetinge, particularly in conaideration of "`" Another TRADRII mid the bluchers had a great objec- the Bill in cOrneaittee. Upon • memos of that kind M w ;oo to the Jews being allowed to open their shops on there nook .a no serious.i.n. °1e..." of opinion " t° ~. '"" Sunday. Although the Bill provided that they could main principle.. (Hear, hear). There would he certain , only sell to Jews on that day, they might be tempted difference. of °Rink' as to the deUdle of the 11111, n"" to sell to the Gentile population in some of the lower It would be the aim of hie friends and himself to me class districts. The plot did not affe-A Warrington, that when the Bill was fleetly pot on the Statute 11.4 but it 'voted he or inportance to other towns. little or no hardship should be inflicted se ,a o.r M ITII : I agree there inn temptation, but 1 upon any clan lof traders. (Appian.). Traders bad think this is the lesser of the two evil.. A men who many burden. Von their shoulders and it seemed that offend. against. the Bill will be easily tracked. It those burdens were ever growing —oertainly not Ime. ...wonu.licli leem a for groash i.i n jrnsmti Ili ciao fur n a sa mioaasatya be. y5.0...,:vi je,roeol fly It needed very little busk.. knowledge to appreciate the Ma that ioceming lards. upon traders either in '— Mee you cl.ee on Saturda , and you shall not opinion the way of rates or axe. met mean rat hindrance Ldday dither.,, I d.,, 1.4. is wing a ...,,...r. to trade. end react advemeir co ....• ........" of his religion. beliefs, and that would be teeing him. Mr. Smith than proceeded to outline the provaions Mr. PVNIII.IIIIeIIy mid it was the wish of the War- of the Bill and to explain its clams in detail. Ile Mogi.on tradmmen there should be a universal half- pointed out that the roamed Damn, was divided into holiday. three parts—(l) boors of entploymeot of shop mist- Mr. SAIITII : I don't see how Mr. Churchill can do ants; (2) closing of shop. In) Soo&ty clotting (It)Cl..in. tbrt. Ile added that the local authority was the body Orders (0) eoppleniental pro•inions as to closing , (3) to make the closing order, but he did not think the seating and ventilation. The fears in respect of the local with. ity coeld eay to the butcher, for instance, term " shop easintanta," be commented, were not so well that he should dm on Thursday or Saturdey after- grounded as some mined to think, anon when his slack day wa. Monday. Each perticular WARRINGTON WELL WITHIN 'I HE MARS, trade shonld be left to decide upon the halt-day Diesamion was then imited on the question of closing. annual holidays to shop ...Oltenia. Mr. °wits said he ma in favour of a cornpulsory Mr. Smith was asked if the seven &ye' holiday closing day, thus putting all tradesmen on the same !Wined in the Bill meant consecutive dam or casual level. (Hear, beset. Lye throushotit the ye.r. H• replied that he could Mr. Se IT. : You mean, clueing order or no closing My give les (minion . Mat point. There wee nothing order, that every tradesman shall be compelled to dm In toe Bill salech provided Mt the seven days should • half-d. 7 • ama ? be coneecittive. Mr. It Rat Ate raid he thought the intention was clear The Mtallialt said he would I. met by the answer that there should be a full week's holider, hat the Bill that at present they were not inflicting any hardships did not y that Bank Holidaye were not to be included, on any particular trade, but with such a provision In With regard to shop hours, the Bill provides that the Bill certain trades might haves grievance. He ms, shop militants shell not work more than sixty hours however, inclined to memvs the point with coneider- per. week exclusive of meal time. end that on one day able sympathy. It naturally required • great deal of Of the week they Mall not he employed alter two in (hootsd be promised to carefully consider The matter if the meeting avoid leavebt et that.

Mr. J Ann An mid one remora why them would not be much dicomion on that point wee Butt Warrington was well within the mope's' of the Bill. Mr. Haltom, SMITH I gather that too, Mr. Jarman. 1 am rather pleased to find that there in apparently a fairly unanimous opinion that there is not mach to criticise in this part of the Bill. Mr. IV. ROBERTA, who WaA One of the depetation from the Tradesmen's Amociation' mid he gathered that no part of the Bill could be operative unless two-thirds of any particular trade applied to the local authority for a closing order. Mr. SMITH said that that point only applied to Part 2 of the Bill (closing of shops) and not to Part 1 which wen compulsory in all crwes. Mr. Bonita,, said that speaking from his koowledge of Warrington be did not know of any partic der trade to which the Brat part would spply, bemuse all the 'Mope generally came well within the number of hours of employment, namely, 60 boom Mr. Sastrtt I son very glad LO hear it. TUE MARKETS QUESTION. A trader asked how the !fill applied to the question of marketer. Mr. SW ITU maid there was no special allusion to markets in the measure. Mr. W. Ronan, pointed out that the local authority had power to decide the hours for the opening sod closing of markers. If there arm • Wong feeling amongst the traderimen that the markets were open far too late on SetOrdsy night, they had it within their power to influent. the Council on that a step in the way of restriction might be taken. Mr. SMITH .pressed the opinion that the definition et • *hop as " promisee where any retail trade or busi- Dees is carried on " included the markets. Mr. Prat...corer said they felt strongly on that qnestion In Warrington, and thought Burt if the Hill was to he peened in its regent form, a special drowse should be added to regulate the markets. Mr. W. Rouse, said that when markete were originally introduced, they were for the purpose of selling agricultural produce,but to.dsy they represented every conceivable branch of trade. Mr. SRITU said he thonaht there was 00 queetiOn that markets were Included in the Bill, but he would wake it his bosieesa to ask the I lome Secretary or to gee that the question was rained. If they were not included. he would take it that there was a strong expreselon of opinion that they ought to be. WIIAT OP BARMEN AND BARMAIDS? On the question of the elating of shop. on Sunday, Mr. Kokersley said the Baker. Amooi•tion did not a. any aeoeasity for an mtemption from Sunday oloning in their awe. Nobody wanted to sell breed on Sunday. Mr. P. C. Garnett thought the same ought to apply

A Teximit Would no expremion of opinion help you on the point. The Meeteß I should be very glad of it. An Informal vote was the, taken and the meeting exprernvd Itself unanimoualy in favour of compulsory cloning on one day in the week. The discisision then closed. THE MEMBER THANKED. Mr. HORRRT, 1181.1 he desired to give expression to his personal thanks and also that of the Tradesmen's Association to Mr. Harold Smith, for hi•great courtesy In calling them together. (Hear, hear.) They appreci- ated that act of his very highly. He hoped there might be many more similar opportunitien for con- ferring on such matters is the future and that the same good feeling would be mina...tad. (Apllause.l He proposed a vote of thanks to the Member. fir. °WIN neconded on behalf of the Root and Leather Trades' Association Mr. PRNDLIOD:Rr sup- ported and the motion was heartily carried. Mr. HAROLD Su MI, in reply, said he should always endeavour, when such opportunities presented them- salvo* to consult his immitltuents on matter. •ffecting their interest.. They might congrmulate themselves that poneibly they bad been of more mutual assistance. Not only did be hope that thet precedent would be followed but that further nuggeetions, if any accorded to the traders, would be forwarded on to him to the Home of Commons. On receipt of three suggestions he asked thst on accouot of the primmer., of buninees the smile.e would he content with a mere acknowledg- ment, but he promised nevertheless that the recommendations would receive bin closest attentions. (Appiatw.)

===== 0002601_19110401_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL ACTIVITY.

WHITECROSS WARD

Mr. New on Undeveloped Land Duties

A meeting of the Liberal Executive and General Committee of the Whitecrons Ward was held on Solon- noosing at the Liberal Club. Conucißar J. Hawthorn preaided over a splendid stiendance among whom were Councillor Wilkinson, Mews. J. T. Walker, A. Buchanan, T. It. Ashworth, W. Clatworthy, Osborne' W. Nino", 8. Faulkner, W. Unsworth, J. Dutton (boo. secretaries), 11. New, E. A. Sanders and others. . . . .

Lettere of apologies were received from Connelllor H. Roberta, Meearv. Thomas Dale, A. K Lowe and sad Thomas --• • • •

Mr. Harry New delivered an interesting address on undeveloped land duties. In opening his addreas Mr. New said the Nod taxes were very ronch misunderstand the popular belief amongst • goodly amber of people being that taxing laud would mean higher rent. That en an absolute fallacy nod he proceeded to prove his Mention. Ile gave many inetences showing how house rent had become cheaper owing to land being forced into the market. In Battersea house rent wan rising every year. Why ? Became factories were beton built end extended, ground landlords were increasing the ground rents and prospective builders were prevented from building owing to excessive prime charged for plots of ground. Where lend wa• cheap, such as at Earlatleld and suburban districts of London, the same class of boas coin the town. brought the owner Itre, weekly where. in the suburbs rt DiB worn about fie. and Oh 6d. 'the else practice applied nil over, the county. A 'endow nee held back the lend vi hilm the members of the community added greatly to the value of the idle land by improvements mob as Dammam, public buildings, bust.tu shopa factories, made, sewersge and then %hen all wan done the undeveloped land which formerly was probably valued at about LlOO it was now put into the market at not le. than £1,600. Who made it valuable ? The ulcer had not spent • penny en it no he could not here I olDinced its mitre, and yet when the State mid he should payd. in the 4 he milled it Socialism, roebery and confiscation. In this country there were millionn of acme of undeveloped land and not ate farthing wee paid by the owners in tide connection. Th..hol. of 11,0 land in the country was practically owted by 525 men. God made the earth we were told and oleo placed man and woman upon it. But did IN ever intend 525 men aboold own it all and about 45 million', have nothing but the pri•ilege of paying fur walking on it? The WACO Of hlll.olty wan Ct) i tie louder to.day than ever for land. It was theirs by right and up till now the cry of the people has been sr itled by the te'ected upper chamber. However the worker. were awaking from their lethargy. Education wax doing its work, Rod the day could not he far off when the people to shorn the lend rightfully belonged would have greeter freedom, fewer burdens, ion poverty, happier en•ironment, porer air, cheaper and better eousee. Mr. New further plated out how undereloped lend watt driving families into the towns, and by putting them In competition with the Industriei populations tended to bring down awe. 3 h • present land system, Mr. New °intended. drove people from the country to the tow., who undercut town/Kinn and drove them into the rank@ of unemployed. Stich a syutem must he mitered whether the lords disagreed or not. Giving illuetrationiof hoer landlords had frustrated the deeirea of the people the weaker said that the Duke of Portland's estate et Welbeck was about ' 36,000 acre.. Sometime ago a number of the inhabitants applied for small holdings, but the Duke refused to ' allow them though he wee offered • reasonable nom. At present the land owned by dukes averaged 142,564 acres each ; marquime, 47,500 acre. each ; earls, 30,217 acme each ; viscounta, 15,321 acres each ; nod barons, 11,152 acres each. In the fourteenth century the land bore all the taxes, but gradually they had escaped the imposition and now its total Mare of taxstion was only one percent. The head of the Tariff Refiirrn Leeirm (Lord Itidle•) one who told people to think imperially —owned 1,350,545 acres. He should prove hie imperialism by selling ante of his land at a fair price. Continuing, the speaker milted who was to find the extra money required for the carrying on of the country. te• Tories said Tax the foreigner." None knew better than they themmlyes how impoesible • thing it mur. Then the Tories wanted to tax the food of the poor. llow kind and generoter of them. They said it would only boa small tax. But if the foreigner paid it I *by not make it larger ! It wee sham and hypocritical of them to delude the workers by such talk es that. (Applause.) lend tame was the only redoes alternative to protective taxer, which throttled industry and increased prices, and nag an ainolute oecenity on social and economic ground.. It by at the root of the social and economic questions which the Government was pledged to deal with It would bring an extension of freedom—freedom to produce as well se to exchaoge—and would eliminate those condi' lona which at pretent restricted the oppor• trinities to work and olose the avenues of wealth, enriching the few at the expense of many and cause injustice to the industrial aystem. Mr. Plinston at the Debating Society had described him as a tub- thumper. Ile erns of course entitled to mimes no opinion, but the argumenta used by the Tories immured more of “mog-whumping." Mr. Plinstcn said common mime and sound arguments are neadet in Warrington. IN (the water) wee still waiting to see his friend contribute his portion, as yet c.w.oon by it. absence Applause,. After Mr. New's address., which was punctuated with much mmlausa, a dimumion was taken part in by the chairman, Councillor Wilkinson, Mears. Faulkner and Clatworthy.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

There is little doubt " The Blue Pearl," described an a " Mystical Pantomimic Indian Phantasy," which is appearing at the Palace this week, is one of the most renatkable " turns" which have occupied the stage there. The piece is presented by Sean, • clever American illusionist, and the five scenes are revela- tions of up-to-date stage management. The plot of , the piece is as follows:—' The Blue Pearl " is a wonderful jewel,which forms the eye of the god Siva. ' The fame of the magnificence of the jewel reaches the ears of a native Rajah (of contact the scene is set in India), who steals it. The High Priem conjures spa vision which reveals the identity of the thief, and by the aid of some remarkable illusions the jewel in recovered. This gives Sears the opportunity of per- forming some bewildering illusions. Surrounding the turn there is that entrsocing sense of the East that makes the performance doubly attractive, and the large company which supporta Sears is at once a large and capable one. 'there are, in additim, several other "turns" in the programme of outstanding merit. J. P. Ling is a remarkably clever mimic, and se a comedian is quite good. Ida Kessanly's troupe of ! dor are a wonderful criterion as to the canine ' •tomals intelligence, their football match being really amusing. Oswald and Locke, burlesque artiste are extremely vensatile and amusing, whilst The Ives (Sam Louie), are at least novel in • ball punching act. fest but by no means least is Joe Humphreys who is a comedian of no mean merit. Palace "Perfection " pictures are shown, and good music is provided by the orchestra under the leadership of Mr. A. Widdop

===== 0002601_19110401_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
CANADA'S IMMIGRATION RECORD SURPASSED.

The most important department of Canada's develop- ment is that connected with immigration matters, and the lion. Prank Oliver, Minister of the Interior, who is popularly known al. as the minister of population, was able to make the eatisfactory announoement in the House at Ottawa • few days ago that the immigration for 19011-10 was larger than lean, previous year. The total exceed. 300,000 and comperes with 1119,000 five years ago, 19,000 ten years ago, and with 21,90011 years ago wheat the present Government inaugurated Its immigration policy. The annual expenees attached to the work have risen from £50,000 to £200,000. " During this interval," observed the Minister, ";vs hile the espenees have increased fourfold, the returns have increased fourteeefold." The increase in recent year. tier been accompanied by a corresponding improvement in the quality of the immigrant. The satisfactory condition has been brought about largely by • general tightening of the regulations. "It is sbeolutely contrary to the polioy of the Canadian liovernment," said Mr. Oliver, to give amistance to immigrants as certain countries are doing or to pay money to iodues settlers to come to Canada. We apend our money to bring the advantages of Canada before a desirable clam of settlers. Our immigration policy less advertising policy." As to the origina of the immigrants, an analysis of the return, for the first nine months of the present ihaki year allows that 90,995 were British, 97,702 Americans, and 36,628 were from continental Europe. The results of the approaching cellists in Canada which will be taken in June neat sill be awaited with , some interest. The Ceram Commissioner venturer the statement that the populat ion will amount to /1,000,000, no incresne of 150 per cent on 5,371.000, the total of the previous, census. The estimato is based upon the Immigration figures for the last ten yearn sad the natural increase dialog the period.

ramSßin COL/POI/ID' (Aalased, Smog% Squill, To &a.) Yo T Coughs sof Colds. Wows steu—Adn.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
GARDEN SUBURBS.

A FORWARD MOVE AT GRAPPENHALL

Workingmen's Enterprise.

'hen the Warrington garden suburbs scheme was inaugurated, the promoters set before themaelvert the ambitious ideal of girdling the town with those pleasant garden villains which have been founded with such F roma succor. in other parts of the country. An a preliminary, two estates—at West Sankey and ' rappenball reapectively—were acquired. Several house, fire already been built and tenanted on the Sankey estate and on Saturday an important step we. lakes towards the dt velopment of the land at G rappen- hall. A tenants society has been formed by employes of the Richmond llsa Stove and Meter Co. Ltd., whose Latchford works are in clone proximity to the *state, and Satunlay saw the interesting ceremony of laying bricks of the first six homes tube erected for members. Although the workmen of Messrs. Richmond are the prime movers in the venture, any person who wialua to become a tenant may take op share., the menaberehip being quite unrestricted Th. Crappenhall estate is pleasantly situated at Morris Brook, but its advantages could not be fully realized on Saturday with a cutting east wind tearing across the field and making thoee hardy spirits who put in an appearance unions for the inaugural pro- ceedingn to be curtailed as much so posaible. Amongst

occasion, end that the movement here would not fall behind smiler enterpriers in other pass of Eegland. I 'p to now other place. had gone more rapidly shred, and he thought the main reason wee that they in War- rington had hitherto not aucceeded in capturing the workingmen. At Orappenball, however, they had ha that good fortune. They had wotkingrnea connected with • large and progrt attire industry actively ident iflt d with the movement as the main promoter. of the society, and they were fully reaolved to make it • *omen. (Applause). Mr. J. W. Slack mid the movement had him hearty •pprovel. Maar.. Richmond had erected at Latchford one of the font workshop* in the country, with plenty of room, light and sir, end the next thing wee for the workingmen to Imild looms for thermal.. with tonally healthy condition. end eurrottudings (Appleuse). The committee of the new moiety and several gueste afterwards eat down to tea at the Dog and Dart. Inn, the catering giving complete satisfactloo. Aldermen Bennett proposed " liuceena to the rappenhall Tenants, Ltd.' and exprensed the grattli• cation of the directors of the parent company that the movement had teen taken up with so notch spirit by the employes of Mem. Richmond. They were greatly encoureged in their work by the feeling that et last they had behind them a body of intelligent, levelheaded, capable workingmen who rallied the advantage. of the acherne and were prepared to help to carry it to a anace.aftri conclusion. When hey started the movement in Warrington they net out with high Meek. M•ny of them had beau thinking of the housing conditions in the various towns of England for some time past and they were agreed that they were not satisfactory, healthy or pleasant. It nu all very well to denounce the existing mate of affair. but • little bit of actual work achieved we. better than any amount of theory and they thought that if they could y tem • compiny which would show how people could

===== 0002601_19110401_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME OF THE PROMOTERS OF THE GRAPPENHALL SCHEME.

those present were Mr. C. E. Parker (chairman of the Warrington Garden Suburbs Ltd.), Alderman Bennett (wintery), Row Canon &minion (a director) and Mrs. Stevenion, Mr. T. Joon. (chairman of be (brappenball Tenerife. Lid), Ur. W. McLeod Johnstone' (secretary), Mr. J A. Renames (managing director of dui Richmond Ilan Stove and Meter Co. Ltd.), and Mrs. Raneome, Mr. J. W. Slack, Mr C. If. Jobnetone (builder of the houses), and "fru Johnstore, and Mr. H. Smith (secretary of the Warrington Tenant., Ltd).

, Mr. T. Jour pointed out thet the new society had ! been formed by a few workingmen connected with the , Richmond Gas Stove and Meter e napotny, I.W. with tho objeot of pro•iding better housing conditions. The estate would provide ample facilities for s•rdone and playgrottods, Ito that the children would not be obliged to piny about the roads, with the risk of being knocked down by motor cars.

-11;144 -..;;;;; --the-o. placed in position by the follow- ing :-1, Mn. J A liatesome • 2. Mn J A Henson. ; 3, Mr CE Esther: Canon Stevenson ; 5, Aldermen Emmett ;G, Mn 3 W Slack : 7, Mr T Jones ; o,.Mr IV 51.51.701 Johnstone, Several short speeches were deliverrd.

--kr:lt;enorne mid be would be glad to give the new 60Ciet, 1401110 monetary support. (Apelame/. Mr. C. E. Puke, att.t promised to help the new society. Ile considered the healthiest feature of tenantx societies; sae that they sprang from the work- ingmen themselves. They were not a movement from above to help by some form of charity to provide better honer., but they were practionl co oporatlye efforts end had proved very successful in other parts of Englend. He cordislly wished success to the new rooter y. Ile had been struck with the earnest and enthu• sisstio may in which the worl.ingroen had tackled the rmention and with their determination to get value for their money. (Laughter and appletim). . Canon bitervermoo soil the movement had nursed throughout the length and breadth of the country and it conned to have been very suoorineful wherever he hod reed of tin being in opemtion. lie did not suppose Laocashire 1411 e going to be behind the relit of Ertgland —at least that rem not Ito .1141 piece —(hear, hear) and they would all work to make the .creme as minces.- fill here an it had hero else she•e. It wr a cause which had for many years been very near to hie le a t. Ile wanted to see better homes., healthier sturnitediege end more of nature'. beauty for the workers of Fsgten It was a great joy to see the men themnelves noting forward and initiating that good work nod putting their !mods to the plough. Ile hoped they would succeed in planting in that green and plennant land of Gni peen/1.11 a very beautiful garden nuteirli. Applattrej,

Alderman lienneit spologised for the absence of Mr. William Long, a near neighbour who had hoped to , •Meod, hut the state of whose hmith did not permit him to come on such an inclement day. Mr. V. W. Monks, and Councillor Henry Roberts. Continuing, he I mid he felt the movement in Warrington had been more or teem on its trial during he lut two or three ' years. 110 had nsver lost faith in his fellow townsmen, !believing that they e.iuld ultimately rise to the ,

' he homed under good condition. ithol on linen that were fair to everybody they moult be doing a com- mendable work. Aldermen Bennett then referred to the greet annum of • nimliar movement at Letchworth where the garden city him a population of 6,000 or 7,000 inhabitants. The Wurington company waa formed on the name baths, the return to the shareholder@ 'wing Briefed to 5 per cent, and any balance of profit srhich accrued would go to the development of the mete. The land had been planned out on model lines and here was provision for garde.", open Noon, and every comfort and convenience. Under the eminent condi- tion., the ordinary landlord, who could not he tilamed for looking after his own interests, had hut one idea - how much he could get out of his land—and he did not cthe shoot opi n truces or anything elm.. The resu'l won that bootee could be crowded in two Instances to as nanny as 46 to the eele—and be believed that was mei in some parts of Warrington. On the liarden Suburbs Coniunfe estates the houses would not average more than 12 10 the sore. The tennnts societies, which had been tried with excellent results at Feting and Hemp. stead—took land from the parent company at a reason able rent,the only control which the company exercised being that the lend must be developed on the lines laid Ilowo by them to prevent overcrowding and provide certain standard of convenience and attractiveness. The tenants' reicloty was also limited to • 5 per cent. dividend, but If it earned more—and he believed that was oplite peaniblo—the supine would, instead of going into the pocket of the .peculative builder, be returned to the shareholders in the form of rare shares or factored rent. There were at least twenty tenants' mode' in in Englend end they were all going ahead and doing welt. 10 Wen ington, however, in/ogres. wall slur. It had been urged against the Great Sankey mule that the bourse were not of a suitable type for workingmen, but at Ornppenball there could be no such object ion and he thought their moiety might reuonably hope for • rercoess equid to tl at or nay society in England. Apoleused The Warrington Garden Suburb. Compuy wits the only one in England which had net out with the definite idea of ringing the town Ith • belt of garden suburbs—ln feet it was the only company which had two estates. (Applause). Mr. Itansonte surperted the tout and urged open the !members their own indi•idual party in the scheme. Some pimple laughed at Alderman Bennett aml °stied tint an idialist, hot there WU a great deal of common sum In his idealism. The promoters of the lemmata ' society bed net before thernmel rens a task and it d Irwin the exertion. which each of them put fort an whether it wan mucusn or not. They were beginning with six houses and when they were tempted the umber would be increaned to tarot... There we@ not the slightest remelt to him mind why the society should not boa success. (Apple°. ) Mr. W. McLeod Johnstone, la aoknowledging the , tout, mid the committee •nd officials thoroughly ' Feeble,' their responsibilitie. In the matter and were determined to rnake the enterprise • 1,11C00.. They had • good training ground at klemrs Richmondt wolks and they knew that when things were efficiently managed the remits must be eatiefectory, Some of the member. had thown their intermit in the scheme by taking up for more than 10 shares—which was the minimum agreed upon.

...1 1 V 4,-- 1 v• N.O .. • , 0 ...,.. - .... • , _ 1 ilk 1 _ ..4 .... 1 'h Wu] Tonge

===== 0002601_19110401_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
APPLETON RIFLE CLUB

Annual Meeting.

There waa an excellent attendance of momberast the annual meeting of the Appleton Hide Club, held at the Hall Cafe, Stockton Heath, on Monday evening. Mr. A. Warburton preaided, and amongst thow foment were Mr. John Orocott (hon, treanurer, and Mr. F. M. Cowley One. wewetary).

===== 0002601_19110401_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
SECRETARY'S REPORT.

The Secretary presented his limiest report, in which het stated that the club had again experienced a very noccessful year. At the conclusion of season 1909 they were nicer of debt and had • balance at the bank of Eli 4s. 10d. Now at the conclusion of venue 1910 all accounts had 110011 paid and they had a balance in the bank of El: 13.. 104. An itere of expenditure had been that of £3 16s. incurred in manufacturing sod flttlng up the Keening Man Target. This target, for the sug- gestion of which they were indebted to Mr. A. 1)own, was deeigned entirely by that indefatigable and ingenues member of the management committee. "The compara- tive 15121•11 outlay on same " the report contionee, 'has been amply justified by MIX great attraction that this intermiting target has roved to be, both during club practice and by provid- ing additional condition, for competitions. This target has been the subject for unstinted Neine from the members of visiting teame, and retpieste have been received for particulars if out, Ac., from officiate of other clube rvtthn Mew to adopting thin form of targets on their own range.. Mr. Down has Istely completed the working &swinge for a revolving target, and will bring same efore the !Management Committee for consideration at their next meeting. Me club hoe now 112 members as against sl at the end of fume 19011. The number of members taking active interest st the Range han not been yrmite op to the average, but the resignations have been chiefly amongst old membero of the Club, who blue long ceased to attend at the range, and looted. some who have left the district. Fine nionthly competitions were held daring the put season, and 143 entries were received. The Donegal Bronze Badge woe won by Mr. Cs Vi'. Bowyer. wbo also captured the Club Medal. Mr. Bowyer •Iso made the highest score for the 5.91. R C. Medal, but as one of the unditions of the competition. was that no competitor ahould be awarded mere than two prises In the anal emeriti:loss, the medal was awarded to Mr. J. Brunton, who made the next highest score. Mr. Beam. hall', score wan only one point below that made by Mr. Bowyer. On the linal day donations to the onion food were received from four members of the Management Committee. This was adjudicated for from the sooree made during the season 1910, and was won by Mr. V. J. Orocott, the hon. treasnrer to the club. A popular win. Eight members of the Club won Rillemen's Certificates during the season, Mr Shepherd taking four, Mr F J Cirocott two, and Memos A Down, F C lieneion, C W Bowyer, B Madely, F tiarside, and J Sankey, one each. The Club bag taken part in four inter.olub matches during 1910, end woo one of them. lost year the Management Committee elected Memos F C Bunion, J Wilcock, and E Pollard as range Committees. Their services have been very valuable. Mr Orocott has again not only devoted a considerable amount of 1 hie time to dealing with the responsible duties devolving

Consegnent on the retirement of Mr. F. M. Cowley, Mr. Dowding proponed that Mr. A. Shepherd be elected boo. 10000t.ry. • •

M. Pitt seconded. The Chairman thought they ought to heartily thank M, Clow/ley for his servichs. (liar, hear). Mr. Bennion seconded. Slr. 'oirley, replying, said that he always tried to do hia dot, to the club. The duties had been very Interacting, and be was ears that the new secretary would be as capable and energetic en they could wish.

THE FINANCES. The balance sheet preeented by the Treasurer Unwed that there wu • balance in hand on the year's working of £7 Is. ed.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
upon him as hon. Owners, to the lull, but ban been most unselfish in taking charge at the Range upon almost every Thursday during ihe Dragon. Mr. Isaac ' Broady hes again executed the many duties connected xith his position es caretaker in his usual capable and siustsking manner. I again remind you 0 nor con- tinued indehterlnese to our Preeident (Mr. Thome Henry Lyon) for no kindly placing at onr disposal the Quarry which is no admirably adapted for use es • Itille Range. Mr. Cowley concluded by resigning, with great regret, the yoet of Secretory owing to Increaging hiseioess The report was unanimously agreed to. ELECTION OS NEW SECRETARY.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF' OFFICERS.

Mr. Thosma Henry Lynn wan unanimously re-elected president, Mr. Thomas Grocott hon. treasurer, and Mr. Shepherd hon. ?secretary, and Mr.T.Maintlth,srmourer. The Rev. IL A. Lester cud Mr. Seg.. Owen were made •ice-presidents. A vote of think. to the Chairman concluded UOI meeting.

FINANCIAL REFOIOI ALMANACK AND YEAR

... ....... BOJk. " The Financial Reform Almanack ani Year Book " 1911 has jost been ironed. The 'reliable work stia formerly issued as" The Financial Reform Almweack " but the name Almanack was given when it sm. first honed in l/1155 in sheet forrn with • few statistics added to the calendar. It had grown into • political hand. book of over 300 pagan and the term Al naoack bee become misleading. Owing the General Election it watt found to be impossible to lune the book at the and of tbn year bat advantage has been taken of tbe delay to kaclude many statistics in this liaise that would under orditsary circumstances base appeared in that for 1912. The 'work chielly deal, with questions of Free Trade. Ifoottainal (lovensinent and Just Taxation. and 3 glace t the General Index will show that all thylem important sabjecta are very fully dealt with In tbM prompt volume.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE THINGS GONE WRONG P

Don't Make Another Mistake.

When you have had a bad day, when things have gusto all wrong, .tall you are tired and fagged both in mind and body, you need a aoothing, strengthening something to chase away the glomny thoughts and set you right mentally and physically. Don't make the mistake that some people do and resort to stimulants. It is not it stimulant you want, it is a Waiting.

Hr. Trilbies NI Co,cia is an ideal nutrient. It feeds the frame, nouriahes the nerves and braceet he brain. It touches every pert of the tired system and re-invigorates ii. No matter how hard the day hair gone, you may finish rip well -and you know " all's well that ends well "--ii you only take the help that Vi-Cocoa -the great Food-Beverage- has to offer. And you will retire to rest and sleep the sleep of the contented num. Then in the morning you will wake to a brighter, better day. But be sure you go Vi-Coeoa.

Do not auk your grocer for " Cocoa "—auk for

===== 0002601_19110401_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
*rcoxii

—it makis all the difference. Every grocer sells Vi.Cocon in Cal. packets and Od and Is. Gil. tine.

_ • THE NEW FRCNOM NENIEEni. TH E RA PprISII raniivly. wird &th.nat..% rteryth,nii li it he rtii employed lot it v ~f het,pain A stied li nKocjiiint, kalnyy, blaililar oir.narvdlii•aara, tu re, disc haat.. 'travel, rainsin 1.44, griiit,rheurtiatiani,elhaustion, slinilettnrait forma, Non.l, 3, acr.d.ag t" Price 2/9(partiriilarsld.stimp) peat free in iirrat Ilri ta inl 1 Cl,at Medic in.. Co, Haver. -tockßoad.ll.lo-tead.brwloo..iiiisacittalChemiabi.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL ABOUT PATENTS.

111 untralerl Handbook (Pool Frye.)

JOHN G. WI LSON & 0., Chip. P.A. as. lllapket Strest. MANCHESTER

I 2INTINENT for Bad Istria.4l.: ir..n 1d "i7tilo'n.sll°. EtanledA(l.o"'NE. lbw eur.nl Hundred.. Will core Yol'. Prices I. 3d. and 2s. 6d. por tin, post free.- 0111/00N. Chemist. ORIDOWATER.

COSTII-11E.YKIRT IL north Sn. 11n. We are for 11 day. I. fferingitM n psi, .4 1-mtliet'Khors for 311.. 10.003 'gni. of !Amens Yorkshire Herne. direct, from lowa roarer. Most he 114 in 14 .In. aln-reat length 141. nod hi- oniernientn. ••oPTU •

PAIR k.

rotaa. SHOES TN, saTisrsam. 1,0, or R.. I tow ; correct .• .1% NOW worog. Conlon., Skirt 14 nisnlexpeelally to pow In. ntemnremeate f n .11Ir honl-wearing Yorknhir• Herne. •••,.n gore.. r1,144.1i 111•1111111. rut fall-111, ntyle. and finish being perf set —la Black, Nay v, lire?, Brown, .ir Myrtle. Every purebaner, during next 14 daym will lir prenental with. in id Lndlens Blown alixolutely Free, Coot...lye flltlrl and Shoe. ride folly whet in ,me parcel and Kent to sty addrene for P.O. value In. llhpt. 9701. Vork.dore llannlnetnring On., Shipley, Bradford. Kindly note our Intermit in yon does mud 11111 e. you are I,erfeetly natinthwl. There goods an admittedly (by far) the bent value Is the world.

noßLichs BOY OR GIRL?

It doe, not matte!. .Itut if you ITb? it to deveko

;);,;;:;.; ;;;,i7e

-- *rpm.. be careful to giee it a reorne

Horlick's Malted Milk all the e‘sentials of a perfect feed No cooking oc added milk le reentred with Hornet... It is st rmce die

~sr,.4tbewu ;;,//7/1;/1. rconn 11,11-AKTS. 01 an Chsrmats and Stoma. In bottles I /S, 2/6, I 11-.

. , g▪ l, II gralw &II CORTUMI -.. 19 , SKIRT AND A PAIR .91, A ...../ A• 10.. FARRIOY• •••

===== 0002601_19110401_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
to.;,* MALTED MILK

Samples and fall particulars lent on application to HolY, him 7,0

===== 0002601_19110401_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
CANADA

WANTS MEN TO TILL THE SOIL

===== 0002601_19110401_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Farming in Canada

100% Annual Profit.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Get a piece of the earth—in the Empire—ander the flag. Canada's land is freehold land. Two years' rent of a British Farm will purchase Improved land of equal area in Canada—Biitain's nearest OVersti• dominion. zesi acres Government land free for farming. Work for sll farm labourers and domestic servants guaranteed.

Oen free maps, pamphlets and full particulars, apply to Mr. A. E. JURY, Canadian Government Agent, Old Cantle Buildings, Preeaons Row, Liverpool; or to Mr. J. OBED SMITH. Asaist. not Superintendent of Canadian Emigration, x and 12, Charing Croon, London, S.W.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

"TA Rini " It has been observed th tt many are giv on to reeling hook• about the Bible rether than the ltihle itself. Certainly, during the weeks leading op to the formal celebration of the tercentenary of our own Authorieod Version,! have eagerly devoured all heir ng upon it that has corn, my wily, arming the 14ml ro.dributions being a cher.teteristic " 11 tily News" article by "O. lE. C." who has lately lectured in Warrington. By the way, not •elry long the Preeident of the P.S.A. Federation mated Mit every day for the last 11 years he ha. committed to memory some porti.m of the Scripture, no that he now ha, quite half of the Book of Ilooks by heart. IN A NurstiELL. I note that, while pulpit reference to the event jest hinted at were general on Sunday last, the Rev. William Reid, at Si. John's Presbyterian Church, had for his evening subject "Evolution of the English Bible."As the pen of the really writer has reminded us of late, the Bible was the first, book ever printed, being published in the middle of the 15th cc ntu.y by Orittenberg. 'Fite first complete English translation bad been made by John Wycliffe smite 27 years prior thereto, but it was not until 1535, when Miles; Coverclale now the light, that oue .111.1 prit.ted in our language, though a few years bef..re tit tt., the New Testament alone was isseed in that form I mean, of course, Will'.'.,, Tyndale's. That the version now partioxlarly in question was issued in 4011 goes iv ithout baying. An for the revised one, the New Testament was pub- lished in 1881, ar,d the Ohl precisely four years later. lime are • few additi teal facts, one or two of those dealing with the Old Testament having been ascer- tained by ancieut Jews long bel re Christ's Advent : There are 39 hooks in the Old Testament. end 27 in the Now Testament, or FA in the whole Bible. The Bible contains 1,189 chapters, 31,173 verse, 713,092 words, and 3,511600 lettere. The middle 1,0..1c in the Old Testament is Proverbs ; in tit.. New Testa- ment is 11. Thessalonians. In the whole Bible Micah and Nahum are middle book.. The shortest book in Old Ternsteent is Obadiah, and the shortest verses I. Chronicles, i., I. The shortest book in the New T./dement is 111 John, and the shortcut verse John xi., 35. These are also the nhortent in the whole Bible. The longest verse in tho Bible is Esther it,., 9. AS ILITERATI"RE.

It hll, been well mid that the English Ilib`e is the moat stimulating of literary as well as of ethical inheritances My recent reading ham reminded me of many Biblical phrases which have become a pert of common speech, each as " the need of thy face " (only • mom people will say " brim " instead of " hoe") " a good old age," " the wits of thy bosom," " the apple of his eye," " gathered to his fathers," " • mother in Israel,' " a land flowing with milk and honey," " the window of heaven," " the fountains of the great deep," " living fountains of waters," "the valley of decision," " cometh apse a flower," " a still small voice"" as the sparks fly upwards," " swifter than a weaver's shuttle," " as a dream when one awaketh," " the wings of the morning," " stolen waters," " better than rubies," " • his in the way," "snail, of vanities," " the ealt of the earth," " the hordes and heat of the day," "the signs of the time,,"" • pearl of great prier,"" the powers that Ire,"" a thorn in the flesh,"" labour of love,"" to entertain Angelis unawares,"" faithful unto death," At Ac. Mr. Henry Van Dyke has compiled a con- siderable lint of such. It occurs in his article on the influence of the Bible in literature, wherein he also shows that even more remarkable than the camel to which that Belk has been cited by English writers is the striking effect it produces when well seed. Thus with what Whoa does Sir Walter Scott, in " The Heart of Midlothian," make old Davie Deane bow hie head when he ores his daughter Effie on trial for her life, and mutter to himself, " IclMbod Is, glory is departed !" How magnificently tLes Roam enrich his " Sesame and lute. " with that peerage frren Isaiah in which the fallen kings of linden start from their thrones to greet the newly-fellen with the cry, "Art thou also become weak as we? Art . thou become like unto us ?" What • poignant touch there in in Stevensons " Treasure Island," when the ' boy terns over the" black opt" which the pirates have given as the notification of death to one of their number, and finds that the paper has been cut from the final page of Revelation, on the reverse of which is printed " Without are dogs . . . and nuirdereni," How grandly do the images and thoughts of the last chapter" of Deuteronomy roll through Kipling's Recessional," with it. Scriptural refrain " Lest we forget!" RATS! —AND OTHER THINGS.

Now that our Musical Society have given no excellent a performance of Berlioz' " Faust," and Warringtoniana who did Lot happen to be familiar with that groat work as a whole have been so favourably intrmised thereby, I may venture to redeem my promise made in an antici- patory notice a fortnight ago, to reproduce the verdict of • Halle concert critic. Writing many yeast ago, he treated the rase of Berlioz' " haunt" as very cculiar. To be sure st the very outset he asuceded that the musicans and the music-loving =who accepted the work and allowed it t . an established favourite did the right thing. " For the good things in it are simply too good to be lost and, however monstrously and inconceivably had the had things may be, they •re inextricably mingled with the good, no that the work, if it has to be given . all, had better be given in its entirety." He further allowed that, besides the imponsibiliti of completely Peparating the go- d and bad parte of the work, to attempt any such separation would be to destroy its character by destroying its peculiar corns, with the personality of its creator, in och rideasolseered three strangely diverse elements we combiesd—" first, a man rd enormous genius and extreme originality second, a dull, cluinny, poetic, and ill-bred person, third, a raving madman." Thus (proceeded our candid friend) in listening to the work one oscillate, between raptut tool admiration and Simple disgust, and sometimes one feels both admi ra- lion and disgust at the sometime - for exampleduring

the scene in Anerbich's cellar, where a racy, expr i• nine, and highly original song with a somewhat nauseous, text is followed by the Rat's Refmeim, ia thoroughly &cent parody in spirit, but s spewed with such skill sod power that the natural voice of protest in paralyned by srlinirstion of Ithe composer's art. May I 90910 111. NO ? I have yet an extract of perhaps forty lines, which the editor st ith his superior local knowledge, will admit or omit at his diverse ion : —Altman (ho,, ily inn that oise ran admire without tonere* is the scene on the banks of the Ellis, ending nib the dance of Sylphs. The chorus eupp wed to be heard in the dream of Faust is A TOirdele Of ethereal bawdy. One has only to imagine how an ordinary c unpo,er VIOOI i have trotted it prilably in the " vision entrancing" style, with chords repented in vaver triptetn high up in the gamut —to in line the en Twins force of im igination . reflected in Berlioz' treatment, the originality of which is alin,,st inconceivable. Oiler features of mile. 'nimble beauty a e the song about the King of Thule, the quaint and pathet,c blauty of which is ketch that to find any fruit Wall it seems inhuman. and yet it is unquesionable that there is too much repetition in the song; almost in the fire. part of If irgareen Romance, which in again beautiful nod pathetic, lint less original than the former crag; thirdly, ldephi 4 tpheles's Serenade, which is full of indescrib thly restful movem•nts. Powerful aid beautiful touche, occur, moreover, here and there in nearly every part of the work except the last pirt, roacerning which one cal o .ly nty that , when Beth 0 gets to work upon either angels or demons he nrrnply makes himself it rink ince. The " Pandemonium ' scone is a conception of the madman that was in Berlioz. Awl what is to be Illill of the Stoniest,' Song, with words Wilts' into do; Latin because the bad taste of them in too abject for expres- sion in a living language 7 These things, however, are better n.t taken too seriously. The text is an abeordity both in its entirety arid in every part. It seems to be reengeilathat Guile's inasterniere in something for Frenchmen to play tricks with—mild and cantos I tin 'al tricks in the manner of Messrs. Barbier and Caere or eccentric and vulgar tricks in the manner of Berlioz. The conclusion of the whole matter I must be careful ta give in the exact words of this superior critic, otherwise indignant Musical Society patrons who were naturally charmed by Wednesday s capital interpretation of the difficult work may mistakenly suspect the theoretical refill- , moots to be my owu, and forthwith demand my head in a charger! Here, then, is the closing sentence of the writer when I have cited : - 'The extraordinary thing is that by the force of his personality Berlioz should have succeeded in imparting a certain wrists of noity to such a mans of incoherent, incongruous, inconsequent, and fragmentary sniff." "LIFE IN 'Fill.: NAVY."

In last Retard iy's " Examiner" I read that on the previous Thursday evening, in the Assembly Roon• of the works of Moms. Crosfield and Sons, s lecture on this subject was delivered by the Rev. and His. R. Yarde Nei,. That gentleman's authority in undoubted, based as it is on personal experience extending over many years -like unto that of " Charlie " Beresfurd, whose conviction, recorded in an introduction to Mr. third's "How the Navy is run," is that the more the public are arsprainted with thz actual Into of the Navy, the greater will be the number of those wino will seek (ii enter it. Well, our own district is already fairly well represented in that important branch of public Pef•lee -so important, indeed, is thin our first line of defence that purists who would have us adhere strictly to fart as well as have duo regard for etiquette rightly insist that toastmasters ought ti revere the too common order of precedence and make their lists read -"Navy Arnie, the Rem, ve Forret," That, however, in pass- ing, I have been dipping into the intetesting work which I mentioned a moment ago. As Mr. Hurd remarks, few in the country •ppreciale the fact that the Navy is sleepn on active service. "The only difference apparent between peace and war is exempli- fied when the guns belch forth their hurricane of shot and shell. In peace the target fired at does not reply." Everyday in the week has it allotted duties. I ant tempted to summaries these, but content myself with a signi- fieant quotation which may nervosa •sort of indicator. Says Mr. Hurd "Jack is a seven days clock, wound up by the Admiral of the Srmadron. or by the captain if the ship is cruising alone, and when he doee not go according to time, some one wants to know the reason why. Bat sea rule, Jack tuns well op to his programme time." Besides his warlike &aim, he has many of a domestic character ; but lie is happy •mi.l it all. We are wearer' and can well believe that he takes the rough with the smooth, hard conk and little leisure, and is rightly proud of himself and his pro- fession. Truly is he called the "handyman." Ile ern nar ant again, fire • torpedo, use • rifle or a cutlass, sail a ship, defend a comrade in • scuffle or fight him with the gloves on ; he ran play cricket or ride a bicycle, make his own trousers or mend his shoes, and behave as a gentleman should. Ile is a fins fellow, and we are all very proud of him indeed.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TRADE DEMONSTRATION.

The RL lion. Winston S. Churchill, M.P., Sir Alfred Mond, lit., Ml'., and Mr. Cherie. Fen.:lrk, M.P., will WI the principal speakers at the Ann.! Dernonatration organised by the Free Traria Union, to be held in the Q 111.0.3 Hell, Longhorn Place, W, on Friday, April 7th. The chair will be taken by the Earl Hesechamp, K.O MAL, Ct p.m. Tickets. for admission may he had of the Free 'Frade Union, 2S, N'ictorla-street, S.W., sod it should he noted thot only also are admitted. The ann..] business meeting of the risree Trade Union will he held on the seine day in the4Vestminster Palate Hotel st 12.3 m 0 p. , and immediet y following, the (inners' Cooncil will meet to elect the lion. Officers end Esecutive Cornmil toe. At 230 is public kronferessce m will be hell in the sae place, when the Cna•rman will b. the Right llon. Reginald McKenna, M.P. the first aabject for considerstion will ho: Free Tradef Props- garde for the Future, which will he Introduced by Dr. T. J. Mocnamora, M.P. In the siihrentient 'li to Mr. flamer 6re:envoi Ml', end Mr. 1,, .1.1 Money, M.P.,havo promised to lobe part. This folloord by a discussion on, . flow to SW..

°elimination, lanyasitleg and Meetings so es to the limt Remits." The subject 'will he in rod, tlr. Wedgwood Bonn, M.P., after whieb Mr. Nlecleen, Ml'., and other gentlemen will Residers are sidled to note the removal of the o he Union from 8 to 24 Viotorlsestreet.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
\e,•,e5,..‘,.e.,e•-,‘, PM, r FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

Prom neynolda' Newaraper.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
By Philip Snowden II P

CLASS SNOBBISHNESS AND PUBLIC

POSTS.

The debate which took place in the House of Commons last week on the circular which had been issued by the late Chief Inspector of Schools to his staff with reference to the local inspectors, raises a matter of very grave importance, and one which, it is to be feared, is becoming, and will become, more and more serious. Just as the working classes show more and more ability, and more determina- tion to have a share in the plums of the industrial and social offi:es, and just as it becomes increasingly evident that working- men's sons are qualified by ability and educa- tion to fill these pla-es, so will the upper classes, who have held a monopoly of these positions in the past, hold more tenaciously to their preserves. It was alright so long as the working classes only wanted a mere recognition, and were content to be satisfied with one in a hundred, or one in a thousand, of the positions of honour and responsibility. This did not encroach upon the monopoly of the upper classes, but it did serve to soften any feeling of resentment which the working classes might cherish at being left out altogether.

Tge well-to-do classes have been so long accustomed to hold and to have every position of honour, influence, and profit, that they cannot imagine that those they have held in subjection should share in these offices on terms of equality. Even in the matter of sitting in Parliament and on the magistrates' bench, we still find the idea very general that, while the workers should have some representation, it should not be to such an extent as to interfere with the dominant position of the old caste. One working man magistrate to ten of the middle or upper classes is considered a very generous propor- tion, just as one Labour M.P. in twenty is considered an adequate representation of the working class electors who number about four-fifths of the total voters. The working men are mostly to blame for this state of things. They have been content with too little. There has been in them too much of . _

the slavish love of domination.bran imagined superior. Vast numbers of the workiig classes to-day would far sooner be governed by one who belongs to a higher social caste; and money has still far more influence in dominating working men than have brains' and capacity. This love of domination by an imagined social superior is still very wide- spread among the working classes, but it has declined very considerably during the last twenty years. Then, it was almost universal; now it is confined to those who have not yet come under the influence of the undoubted democratic tendencies of the times. THE INEVITABLE CONFLICT. . _

With the spread of education, the conflict between the educated and able working classes and the middle and upper classes for the positions of influence and honour was sure to come. An educated poor man is not going to be content to see positions which he is qualified to fill kept as the preserves of a small caste. The development of the Scholarship system in England during the last twenty years has shown what Scotland had shown before, that the children of the working classes, given the chances, are no less gifted and able than the children of the upper classes. As a matter of fact, the poor boys who go to the higher schools and universities almost invariably leave the 'paying "scholars behind in the matter of , education attainments. If there were no ' artificial hindrances to the progress of the poor lad of parts, these, being so much larger in numbers than the boys of the upper classes, would carry all before them, and would drive the middle and upper classes out of all public positions. But to prevent that happening, barriers have been reared which the poor boy or man is not allowed to scale. The circular referred to at the beginning of this article is a good illustration of the snobbishness which still dominates the selec- tion of men for many of our public positions. For appointment to the select posts in the . . .

till be tlstine

public 'service, it is not ability; Or education which is demanded, but social standing, and the polish which is given by only two of the British universities! To be an Oxford or Cambridge man is essential. It is not that to be a graduate of one of these universities is a guarantee of a liberal and thorough culture. Indeed, that is no guarantee at all. Very few of the men who are turned out from these universities are even passably educated. These universities do turn out a few brilliantly educated men, but the vast majority of the men who come from Oxford or Cambridge with a pass degree are far below the ordinary elementary school teacher in educational attainments. When I was in America recently, I found in one of

the State universities away out West, a young Oxford graduate who had gone out there to complete his education! The Oxford and Cambridge men are taken for public positions, not for their education or capacity, but because these universities are the close preserve of the rich, and by limiting the selection of men to these universities the appointments are kept among the upper classes.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO DIFFERENT EXPERIENCES.

It is not denied that there is, call it what you will, polish, breeding, refinement—often among the upper classes which the working classes often hack. This comes from the life-long association with things which are beautiful and refined in nature, art, and human beings. But on the other hand, the working people have qualities and knowledge gained from other experiences and a differ- ent life which are equally valuable and useful. What is needed is the joining together of these attainments and qualities. It is ba.l for both classes that their training and expel iences should be limited and confined. There should be the common life for all classes. Then the working classes will gain from the culture and polish of the higher, and the higher will gain from the practical and rugged life of the lower, using these terms higher and lower not in an offensive, but in the conventional sense. _ . .

The public service has not suffered by the introduction of the system of open competi- tion for certain public posts. On the contrary it is universally admitted that the men who are recruited by open examination are superior in all respects to those who were formerly appointed on nomination. But caste feeling is still in some quarters stronger than the desire to get the most efficient men, and there has been a decided tendency in recent years to keep more appointments in the public service in the gift of the head of the department. Such posts are invariably filled by the sons of men in influential posi- tions. The Board of Education is one of the worst sinners in this respect. All the princi- pal administrative appointments in this department are filled by patronage, and the number is constantly increasing,having risen from 56 in 1902 to 104 at the present time. The higher posts in this department are absolutely closed to a man, however able he may be, whatever length of valuable servicel he may have, unless he has the hall-mark of caste upon him. The men in the lower ranks do the work, and the higher officials get the credit and the pay. The practical man has to train these young sparks from Oxford and Cambridge, although he cannot himself ever hope to rise to the same position. The same thing largely applies to the higher posts in the Home Office. Factory Inspectors of the higher class have been appointed who have had no factory experi- ence at all.

There in going to be a big tight by the middle and upper classes to keep their control of administrative positions. It matters little who makes the laws if the same class which now administers them continues to do so. We want a levelling up of our higher education. So long as the ' universities are so expensive they will remain largely closed to all but the well-to-do ; This naturally develops snobbishness. If all ;our schools were open to all on the same ; terms, as they are in America, the snobbish- ness which is bred of exclusive superiority would disappear.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
SCALP COVERED WITH SORES

Zam-Buk Rescues Child From Torturing Ringworm.

• An example of the remarkable rules Zarn-link is daily working for hale sufferers from sralp I Immo', lis bold by Mrs. H. Monde°, of 53, Women• !owl, Wslthamstow, Kesel.

" Two of my children," xplained Mrs. Monde.. to • reporter, " hail Pt.( COMO from lioepital after I a% ing scarlet fewer, %lien the ycunger one, Winn;e 131,com- plaineri of itching on the ems nofhi r I esti! I 'mind • small ringworm tin re ‘,biell tjuieMly Nil VIVI. Mien I

combed WiOnie-'s- heir it fell out in little tufts, and the comb crtiching the ringworm caused it to Ideed. Sion there was is big bald patch ori the child's head, and the ringworm was still is, reading " I firk tried home-marle and old-fashioned minedie., but as the ringworm got worse I saw • doctor. For weeks! was taking Winnie backwarda! and forwards to the dector's only to find that kin. special ointments and treatment were doing no good. 111 thin time the cluster rif ringworm looked liken big thick crust of sore.. We were fairly irozzleil what to do for the child until we read idiom Zinn-Buts and gate this balm a trial. Before the first boo was finished Winnie mid that all the itchiness had goneanil her head looked a lot better. '/am-Buk vosked right through the thick crust of sores and killed the roots of the ringworm, which then died away. The big scab softened and fell to pieces, leaving Winnie.. scalp clear and cool. " No one looking at Winnie's head now, with its healthy akin and new growth of hair, would believe it bad ever been erwered with the horrid ringworms. We think nary highly indeed of Zam-Iluk in our home and &twit,. bare • box in use for cuts, falls, and bruises,

2IP - ---"..... 0%, 41 .40 , A 1 , . . ‘,.. _, •%, 0411141.

llinnie II ftn,l,l,

===== 0002601_19110401_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. JUIVETT'S NEW YORK CALL.

Among the passengers who if Liverpool 00 Sot or. day, frr. New York, hp the Cunard liner Mauretania, was the Rev. 1/r. J. hi. Jowett, late, pastor of Gues- ts/es Church, Birmingham, who Is going out to take up the pastorate of Fifth.aventre Presbyterian Churcti,Nesr York, owe of the leading chorchee of that city. Dr. Jr/I.MM at/interview with. represented ve of the Press on hoard the Mauretanlamid —My experience so presi- dent of the Free Church Council last year left roe full of hope for the futnre of the Fres Churches in this °sentry. I wive every reason of • great spiritual awekunin it every pert of the lawl. I perenroilly don't take at all • depressing view of theme.. of the Churches. I think we ahould make • crest

mlat.ko If we

- allowed the decrease

statistic. of membership to interpret for on the reel mate of religion In the country. Asked if he was going to take any active pert in the world*s peace problems, Dr. Jowett dd :—I commence my ministry in New York nest Sunday. That day has 1/00 11 oppointed for nervicee in connection with the ' arbitration movement. I intend to have something to my on that point. I el II do •Il I can to help the movement on. Dr. lowett added —My ministry has I been diet inotly of an evangelical kind, and I have not I tAsen every aggreasive pert in party strife. I have always maintained my poeition In advanced Liberalism. It Is not my intention to enter directly into the I polii ical life of the States My main work will he in the pulpit, and I have religions senior it

HERNIA.—The new Field Pad Thom never gels hard and is effectual in most difficult came. For slight cases the new Waterproof Washable Trion, which is ninny. Mesa and most durable, is strongly recommended.— WHITII A WRIMIT, Surgical Instrument m•ker., 83, 8•1116811 ii., opposite tope( Bold st., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
'RADE, EMPIRE AND WAR.

[BY PROFF-SSL)N. J. W. GRAHAM.

The new-found hope of the and of all risk of war with America hr. lifted the whole world a .tep higher. We tale • larger breath in • clearer air than we did before. lu practice, as we know, a war with America has been out of the region of practical politics for • generation, hot the thought that never again can the folly of a di ceedited Government in , either country lead its helplessly to the suicide of our race, is a Lew ground for quir toots and ern,fidence Brit more than ibis we have cur hope, shared by President Taft and Sir Edward Grey and donbdess also by Mr. Balker, that the se I rime example may not be fret upon natio.. Irma happily 'fared, and that • me hod may have been found on which the w of the world may seize for their liherati.,n from the present European strain. What is the obstacle to thy formation of • Tierity of Peace between England and Germany ? There ii not at the preen( moment, full as the world is of folly, any single atm.! came of disagreement. Nen her na. ion thinks of invading the oilier. Some peop!, forget that we are no longer living in the lime of fling at and Noma, or even of William the Conqueror e hen the unsettled tribe. of Europe were Irving to find their permanent Lome. No nation wilds,. to ,mmit the suicidal crime of invasion on a lug.' oral.'. They are all afraid of being invaded. So the ..dent furiremes eta, d along the Europenn frontier. 0 ith their watchful garrisons ; but no gun has apoken since Sedan Itustia alone him bad her wars with Turkey tool bran. She is a setui-barbaric power, only half European, and her f'ariloin remainn th oat' real il ingcr to the peace of the Iv rid ; hitt she is broken as A conquering nation, stripped ml her navy, bankrupt in his awe, MA only swaiting the ribiog of her people in a revolution whir comae. 11U01401.1 R. 0111.1 enable as to welcome lee in her reliir Ii as one of the brotherho.d of We-tern Power.. Ifor, - over, alio is at pro-eat our "I iend " in strange a id sinhter alliance. Ott the whole Comte ipt armies of the continent do not I list ii invade but to pel

Where then is the source of the Etaror. strain ? It lien in the ambitions if the (beat ('omen a to occupy the lay il of state, which are weak or email or very old. It is filtrations like three whiel have threat,. (41 to disturb European peace doting the hist genera- ti-n. Th., affair of Fashoda no rely Kent Englsmi and France at war for tho poetre,si, in of Central Africa The affair of the Pamirs at one time threatened war with Bosnia for the porternsion of Central Asia. The Venezuela trouble dealt with a minors boundary, the Algreiras ('neon ea is co: cerned with mph hien Morocco. A railway in the valley ol the Euphrates is at preen: t a subject of &lira e negotiation. The recent friction over the ann., ati in of Ito, ii was cati.e.l by one of the few ens, tiled roblems left nearer horse, and the Dogger Bank incident stands by itself an a mere neeident due LI itimidity rn d. ink. Broadly speak irig, it is jsrlries'y eau WI by foreign aggreettion which is costing F,.t ripe Ito pee-061 burden. We are apt to think in Eng'an,l that cur remit]. wide Empire was acquired a long thee ago, and that though IVO Ilill not acquire it with ehoweis of rose- water, tin ugh enemy conquest as so altaitilisl by am nail the ronstracie of (hr most purl tie of ii a eon-pereil prop'e, though it may 1,11 have bern evoked by treachery and intriatte,a.r I thug' it was pu• ely mercantile in its origin, and is ini eat ly (aye included notch op retains, we are let inchb ed think that all that is put hy, that the Empire has reseed to increase no. iou-ly, and that we now pm,rr it for its N. I by the most capable set of t •isil serve ts that have riser TIM an Empire But the fact is tt a• during the last forty yetita we have added one third of our Empire and oroe-f arth of its Imputation under owe form if ante xation or protect :rate, accuraie'y five million,. ta, 'vinare mileu and eighty-eigh( milli, of people. hi st of thin was acquire I between ISSI Ball PA). /it I eginning of this perio'l of forty years roe Empire in Afrie t con misted of a large colo y at the Cape and a few smell ones un the West Coast. We now hold Egypt, the Soutlsn. Souniudiland, Ilgaoda, Br'lish East Africa. Zanzibar and Pemba, Nyana'and, British Central Africa, Rho& sin, the Transvaal, the Orange Free State, Zulicland, Beehusnalasd, Oriiptaland, Nigeria, Lagor, Aahanice and Gambia ; in all an Empire too large to asaimilate Oct civilise r r control. lit other p trh of the wm Id we have iinnexeil British New Gainer, Upper Ibirmah, some Siamcee States, Sarawak and British B rnea, Kashmir, some Rejoin Staten, the littoral of lb rig Kong, W. i-haiswei, the Malay Statue, Pr 4,; slid we have moved the Indian frontier westward in Belooehistan, .d Northward in Sikkim. It is worth while t r ask what has caused these aggressions. We 'tint ii South Africa to score btu Mess in gold snd diamondo, we neat to Egypt to : .eenre the bond holders isha bad speculated oa the follien of the Kleedive,end to guo-cl our way to India ; to secure Egypt en found it nem miry to conquer the &Oen also; Nigeria is • place in which we want to grin colt n, and the West African rwttlements are tradi• g colonies purely. The Siamese Staten are to become mining di-tticts, Burinah was taken lest Fri t cc Arndtl get it, and biotin,. is the explanation of all the rent.

That these fore a are still the directing force. of Empire, one can ere frwu thn fact that present di. putes concern themselven with railway. at It Tiled, loans soil banks in Ti her., or mining ranceseiorm in Morocco, ihr invett_or explains the Empire hatever benefitn to CI, iAlanity, necority for missionary effort or for life not property in the long tun accompahy cur foreign conquentoo, and hap, ily theme advantage.; do come when the devaatation and slaughter are over, it cam nit 1w maim one I that it is with the objects like these that we ever attack a dark mess The private im.moira of such po.entstes We ngtila, Ibicteulo, l'rempeli or TIIMINIW the last King of flurtnah would form strange Monday reading in Missionary magazine. The story is on hoes like three.

tar, hilts spandirtivo mom etors financed from the Went End of I.ldon, grovel toll,. feet of the Great Black lasting mitaketn and ithiny top hat, and gaudily striped colt n, dolls homes and Jean' herpess uresente, nnd no tAttaiti a emanation, the right lie work a mine, or grow c ton or tubber, or to deal in pant tii. Wln a the bargain is ntreek the Chief 1110, ides forced lab, or i the urinal way for the white man, and business is brgun. llalf-a-dozen white ma.ters armed or h gore and ntoney, and as many hundreds of dark labour:rig, iinaccuntomed to regular hour,. I aid oo little on pat lie, thrashed sad ill- tree tell as a oiaiter or routine, and eccanionally, in order to maintain discipline or relieve the angry feelings uf an Englishman with his nerves uret by the eraili•ione of his life in that climate, • native is slot. Their women are not often let alone. Oppression 'an hardly fail to become the order of the any, where fear and greed and ri-ks meet helpless... Disturbances follow, the prentinen are burnt, white men are killed or lee for their live.. The telegraph to England in set in motion, and the newspaper. in London streets nhost the outbreak. ''Ci•is liornsnes suns" is freely nu tell. An expedition is cal'ed for and goes, to &verge the dead or rearer the prisoners, in any cane to restore order. The investor is •gain willing to provide the lint, or ten millions which may be spent, and delighted to ffoist a loan. The army is glad of a relief from its tedium, and officers hope for service and proration. The expedition gore, burn. the villagen and capturen the King, leaves some row. of Englinli graven, sad Maigs back an umbrella or a golden shad (TOM the du•ky treas. There is now armor for extentletl batinentietant anies are floated in ike lend recently annexed, a frenh outlet is fated for investment (mark this at every stage). formsl labour in the European atone is ostsfilishml on a large Seale ; at hinne a-omo decomt ions and garrisons air granted, a portann nf the snap in pointed led, and certain widows in our back streein begin to take in w.hing Our Eurtpeon rivals meantime look on at nnirj,rcromtingn with Jealousy, and extend their navy or make little laminas aggretnione of their own to keep up with us, a 'lightly larger army or navy is henceforth maintained. The development of western manufactures may form for some till, glide appreci- able relief to congested capital as home. Neverthe- less in few cases in there • Inutinens return at all equiv.olont in the most, lout then thy tales meet the cost and the capitalist takes the profit. and on our EtnOre with more surety than ewer "the sun never

(TO IJA. Coll.llltVed

===== 0002601_19110401_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOMER CHP.SIIIRE BRINE PIPE.

It is rumoured that a proposal Is being put for ward to re•ire the it.. of °arraying rise from mid-Clarehire 'for the chemical and .*it maeufacium at Riders, end poetibly fieret,n. Iran when,. the omit. abipmseta could he made dilect. The Widnen Brine Bill, which ess on the. lines, ems defeated n I WM. The proposal is doubtlem being reeived connequent upon the fish Union's N'eston scheme. Strenuous oppotit ion through- out Cheshire Is ioevitable.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTIFUL WARRINGTON SOCIETY.

Children's Bulb bun.

Fr several 3011/1 the children of lb, Beenllful Wsr- rington Sieictv have held n bulb ahoy, en o reply oft their 0,11 account. and on e•ch or-ataioa h.. the desire of the promotern for the molt ivatine of floner..nd the heau•i'ul been materivlise O, on ens sonde evilest on &north, last, whin the children's ispecirnens were exhiloil cod in the 110 ill 11.11. Out of the 3,, 00 jevegii. members, well over 300 merited the home vol dloplay- iog their plarrlN end 12i rent painthogs and drawing. nbioti reiboctrd much abil I!',n the pert of lh• "en. toots. l'ha bolero awe of a particulerly fine mature, nod their hrillintot hues were come for unsparing &deur rstion. The teports of the julep. in both section. mist be •ieored xith tatisfaction not Only by aft doll:41'1%h It by I hose oho elf ord.] instruci.ion.

Mr. Itsn 4-orted o (110. I boo. Lund pleasure in egain seeing Ills children's exhibit of Whs. end And that considering the latrine( s of the exhibition there Is every reason to be sslisfied with the result. Ore &foot 1 shoohl like to point oat le faulty insides which should he looked to for another year, as this so very msterially adds to the attractiveness of the flower.' Mr. !demon, he dma•ter of the School of Art, judrel lb. paintings aed dr.oing, which be reported to be of ell-round excellence, showing en In prorement user lest year'. work, lie awarded • free evening echolarship to tbe exhibitor of Ibe hest painting or drawing, it F. Smith, and &tided (hat WA )(nes winner of his eabolarship, boy named Poulton, had dime rumor (ably well at thii School of A rtAt which he... becoming • whole-day studout of very inuch promise. . . . .

r.ilM-Uileningo tuons took place in the presence of !ergo gathering. The lt..v. Onion Siovonnon presided and smong ihime I.n the platform were Ik., Mayor end Mayorene, (Councillor I), Jimoph end Miss Jiteeph), Alderman Itimnett and Smethurst, Mrs. Siesensun, Menem W. dilooeh, E Wallington and V. H Longshaw (11(2. ge.Fretary).

Tbr CHAIRMAN mid the!. the report of the Jades, • roost atiefectriry. II • laid that of .11th. works cor n 'cut in a fob tho Ii •antif 01 Warrington Society e sow n is. giving them more satiation ion thee that c :mewed nil, l,..l'.lll,iren'a Branch. Their thew ens steadily groa ing In • smilent e of <petit, and in lett r• to wi,ll, wet, to in in it. No me meld look at the &imitate end taint ing,, the sole molded work of the Oildrre, without 'rebel, greet pride In them and ',Wising whet e re it advance had been mad. He hoped t 0 she one Ming its Woek In meeting. lose artiongvt the eiiildrra for i fill leers and that they would not merely be ol•nterit n.h baring grown the lotlbe, lut they would ctiltirets f mete In their holism and gardo-nr, • hum s adding to the beauty of the town to which they lived. (Appleton.). The M A Vona,: prior to I lednring the show open mato • short speech in the course of which abs old that she was prowl of ihe honour conferred open her In inviting her to open the shoe. Anything that one. corned the happineet, the welfare end the interests of the children had her dtepest sympathy. She had great pleasure in declaring the how open and hoped that it would le, very ruccessful. (Appluti..l Mira 11ny Jeffrey then presented • hendatme bouquet to the 111,13-oresn on behalf of the children. A vote ..f thanks on, simmrdtd to the Marrows en Ow Watt,.,,, r aeccaded by MI. S11.111C1( nedn eimilnr motet ion wet accorded to the ,*bairmen for real fiat, 1110,..d by Mr MORO in awl tecoetiod by Mr. UEOROL Replying on behalf of the Nlarorem, the MAYOR remitted t at be Ilnagglit that the throe would be greatly twihtill.4 try Vie cult ivation of II mars and his toped het mccess would come out of their effort. Ike I. S.A. or:-hesi TA provided !OMe excellent mmio which wee suppleme .ted by v0..41 atleali on by the • hildien of A rplerstreet, and 1164041 d t whoa.: Tte follo • ing Inn list of the lithe Miners : BULBS.

Ilyocicihc (in Witter).— I, illlcto Lew ;2, Alfred 11.10. urn ;b u, Vera Clarke, nos,. (Ilene ; c, BOW r •ro.

Ilyacinelse (in Son) —I, James throat. ; 2, Clara Meows ; 3, It aie Brad haw ; la r, Charles bee Percy 1(.., tlllll‘l. I) tdd. White 11)ecinele. Soil).-1, Jobe Mill.; 2, 101 c. ere Ander.. ; 3, Cecil Wright; h r, Herbert Pre)tee ; r, Marty Burreete, Margaret Hatch, Allele Potter.

ilptchrthe Du 0010.-1, Ellsa Lloyd ; 2, Ms, Skoihon, ; 3. !tinsels Davits, Vera Clarke. Single Edith Minskln, Bertram Melouurne ; 2, Annie Lowed., Jobe Mills ; 3, Harry Baldry ; b o, Edith Morgan, Roth. Hemp ; o, Howe , Harold Bibby. Double Deflodlle.-1, Jam. Deakin, Lily Berea ; 2, klary Potter, Muriel Marshall ; 3, James Shepherd, Lily Armitage; ho, Vida Hugh., iloasipb Bell; a, Lily Tboruley, Bemis Newton, Jiro°. Berry, Dorothy Portham. N•Iri11111.1. -I, Hilda Sergeant, Max Nixdorf, Mildred Southerden • 2, Lily Ryder, Blanche Ardis., Evelyn alaralmil ;3, ellie Griffiths, Ethel Nimble, Allele, Ainawortb ; hc, Fret Walker, Evelyn Fraser, Harold Frew ; e, Arthur Lawton, Warmer Wright, Elsie Hetet., Lilian Buckley. Open Clam.--), Beery, 1111616 y. Special Prise.—Nledal for finest Hyacinth ; Llui d.

Special 1 rize.—Medal for the Resat pot of daffodils: nevi rim hlelhoutne.

DRAWINGS.

Spero, Seel ion I.lgee 11-15). 1, II Frew. ; 2, Orel. 111 llonard • 3, Welter Shaw ; 4. Ells Prewar. later. (Age 13).—1, Elko Isherwood end E Fred Sollth ; 2. Josetele I:m..l4*nd Agnes Netts ; 3, All.. Routledge Red F.ra ; 4, T Howard. Jonlor lisetlos (Agee 11-12).--1, Ililda Antrobus end Unsold Hewitt ; 2, llorarse &Field ; 3, Charles Hobert.; 4, Dori. Crone aged Iteg Hewitt. . . .

Special PI iZP, Pres scholdrships to School of AeL ;plessoted by Mr C %Lemont—Edmond I, Smith.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
PA I NTINUS.

Senior Section lA. 13 14: I, Edmond fironh sod Kiln lebervrood ;2, II:moth Goode in ;1, Kra Tnneter mad 114rry Fogg ;4, lira. Webb. Inter. Age 12) : 1 Thorona R 05.411: 1, Harry Coombn and 111. Cotton ; Dori, Cron.. . _ _

„.—. Junior Section (Age 11.-1, Edith Mo,to 2,1, Sisel, herd ; 3, Dors Kenwrigh:.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ' CROWING PAINS' MEANT RHEUMATIA.

A Young Girl s Sufferings_ Cured by

Dr. Williams Pink Pills.

The hist 1,11111114 pr Of 11 1111e1111,11,11' tardency in the young are frretinently mistaken (Or' wowing mine" with the result that the wirer t.n.t lecirvierll nerd .Itheumation has heroine firmly estalilishod. The correct treatineet y a course of Ile William/1' Pink fills is of the utmost impoitame, for by their tonic action on the blood 'bees Pills dispel the poisons of Itheurnotkin. All 111U•trE1011 is supplied by the cam of Moe Elsie Knight, who retries with her parents at 11, S rithville, Wandaworth Road, London, S.W. "Alton( tweler months ago," mid Miss Knight, now 17 mon of age, "I felt MOO twinges of pain in ray knees. Lister them pain. extended down my legs. Everybody thought that I bad 'growing pain..' Put in time the pains got worse and my appetite eteadily I could not rest comfortably at nights because the warmth of the lied made the p•ins

*. .44 7: 4 I • 4

===== 0002601_19110401_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Miss ELM KIIIONT.

- - " doctor said that I MN wafering heel Acute Itheuinaloou , he gore me medicine, bat nothing seemed to afford mach lasting relief. Indeed the pains in my legs became so intense that I could only move shoot the house when assisted from room to. room. irsilually the Itbentna'isra affected all my I lim64, and sometimes I was so dirty that the room seemed tu whirl round me.

" Theo father read alent-t die it.... of young lady. whom we knew, by Dr. William.' l'in Jill., no. supply of lb.. l'ills KAI seat for. After I had taken it. 1,5 or two of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills the Rheumatism was not no acute. I felt 'minister and took my meal. orli A. I cool limed the l'ills all sad pain. atiffnma left me; I was not further troubled with dizziness, and got good rest et night.. The colour ietnrned to my cheeks, and in a little lime the New Blood eupplied by Dr. Williams Pink l'illa drove all traces of weak- ness and Rheumatism away." An inatroctire booklet, " Dniestero of the Blood." print free on appliraii• n. Became tbey make the Rub. Red Mod of Health, Dr. William.' Pink Pills have cured repeatedly Amemia, Eczema, Rheumatism, Nerrona ill., etc. 20 ltd a hi or Ile. 94, for on bore* Ipont free), dinwt from Dr. William,' Modicum Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct, London. also of &An ; but substitutes are males., you mint ask for DV. Williams' Pink Pills.

, 0016 FILL a • 11.11 ATIALLTI

Notes by Ovalist."

WarVingion did not repeat their victory ti last season at Rochdale on Smuiday, hut they played • capital game and were more of a match for the Hornets than the more of 15-5 against them wruld suggest. Just now the Rochdale men are among the big guns of the (0,0,811 world, and alter beating 'Oldham they et uld hardly be tip rted to fail before Warrington. 1

%thirds), was not a very plessmt day for football, and on the modest heights of Rochdale it was decidly more trying than on the lowlands of Warrington. The iod was stronger and colder, and there were several snowstorms of considerable severity. The Wirepullers loot the toes and had to face the gale for the first forty militate. This naturally took a lot out of them and they did not do at all badly to be only ten points down at the interval, especially no merit the Rochdale tries was distinctly off-side.

On turning r, and the chances of the Wirepullers were railer fancied by their eupporters. They attache I in vigorous st)le, and some smart combine. harraseed the Hornets severely. The one thing locking wise more dash on the wings. Waywell made severel fine runs but showed that tendency to hesitate and look for a collerigne which has marred his p'ay all this year. Eventually Brachium got over from • crosakick, and Warrington were going ahead in fine style when an injury to Dickenson spoiled their charm. The lengthy centre watt playing • capital .game when he received a revere blow in the face which " put him oat," in tic pilawe of the ring. Thereafter Rochdale scored again and Mclntyre wound up the play with a capital penalty goal.

It wee a thoroughly interesting game, and the form of the Warrington men war gratifying altar rt cent failures. Every man did well but none better than Brooks aril Creevey at half hack. These two com- bined capitally and were fully a match for Jena* and Schofield. The forwards were very active also though Rochdale bed an advantage in weight and controlled the 'mane better. Shugrue wan • hoc in himself and p'ayed his beat game for months part. At full-hack, Mclntyre had a severe ordeal In the high wind but acquitted himself admirably. More than nee his speed saved the situation when • score was imminent, and he raced round in fine style to feed the three.' quarter line when opportunity nerved. Now that !lel feels secure of the poet "Moo" is fulfilling anticipa- inse and should rapidly make a name for himeelf among N U. custodians.

Many Warrington people tmk the opportunity allorded by the late kick-off at Wigan on Wednesday to witness the great struggle between Wigan and Oldham. There wan a magnificent crowd of 95,000— striking illuntration of how success breed. success— and few could have been dinappinted. It wit. the -finest match I have seen thin season, and Wigan demonstrated !heir claim to be the greatest side in the Union by defeating the Champions 11-5. Oldham, as they always do, put up a great struggle but they were no match for the Wiganers in either pace or cleverness.

I never see Wigan without realising forcibly how much R team is dependent on the quality of its half- backs. The Colliers have • great threequarter line tie true, but even they could not make the finest defence Inok in simple if it were not for the genius of the two men at the lime of the pack. Johnny Thomas and (Heave were superb on Wednesday and their resource, judgment and individual cleverness paved the wey for every point Wigan mnde. Even mph an experienced pair as Dixon and White were outclassed completely and made to appear bunglers in comparison. The difference in the maim—and there was quite 20 points daference—wae largely due to the wuperim ity of one pair of halve.. over the other. Of , court*, A nlemrk wan • much-mimed man from the Oldham side, but Wigan would have prevailed in ' any cise.

With the forwards unquestionably strengthened by the acquiaition of Winatanley of Leigh, it is difficult to see how the Colliers can miss annexing both cups this year. Given a fine day next Saturday, and Batley may get the hingeat snrpriae they have ever hail ia the cop-,ies. The Central Pork men •re certainly in wonderful form just now. Their victory on Wednes- day makes them practically at cure of the second place in the "first Lur."

The League table apt° date is as follows : For. Apt. Par- P. W. L. D. D. T. P. 151. T. P. cent. Oldham —3O 2.1 4 1..68 91 409...35 39 187... 85.00 Wigan 29 24 5 0 -73 125 521.-25 36 158... 82418 WakafieldT2ll 22 5 1...55 97 401 .36 38 186... 80.20 Wldoom —.27 16 8 3-33 63 255...18 31 129 .. 6191 Hunelet _3O 19 II 0.60 92 360_ 50 77 331... 64.32 11011 K.R 28 16 9 3.-92 102 490...44 GS 277... 0250 Hull 3l 17 II 3.32 09362.37 63 263... 59.67 Leads 27 14 II 2...53 69 510...39 58 252... 5555 Dewsbury _ 27 15 120...35 60 21;2...43 53 249... 55.55 Warr4elt'o2B 19 10 5...39 52 234.38 63 265... 55.35 Banta' —3O 16 13 1-52 73 323.-39 50 228.- 5590 Haddererl'4l3l 17 13 0...85 122 836-38 61 259 54.83 Sedate.. 27 14 13 0_37 48 210-29 41 179... 51115 R0e4.da1e9429 13 19 1_47 64 180 .34 58 211... 4990 &Helene 211 14 14 1-50 93 349...47 84 346... 5090 Keighley 25 12 12 1-.33 46 204-.60 95 975... 50100 Batley 28 13 14 1...55 64 262.-36 47 213... 4411 Salford -28 13 14 1.-39 73 293- 42 66282... 4821 Beg'tonl4.27 11 15 11-32 99 181...43 66 266 4219 Lei& 26 11 15 0...33 37 177-49 60 278... 4230 BradfordN2l3 10 17 1...19 35 163...54 69 312 3780 Ruaoorn 28 19 17 3-.25 50 200-49 73 329... 3815 Barrow —2B 8 10 1-28 54 218-55 89 377... 27.77 BlerthyrT.lB 5 13 0-18 18 90...47 81 337... 2777 York 125 6 It 0..34 40 188-57 80 354... 2490 Ebb.. Val, 26 8 18 0...18 42 162.30 65 271... 22 22 Coe eutry ..27 521 1.-35 54 132-67 101 437... 2097 Brareley 29 523 1...27 29 138-66 107 453... 1996

The league matches to t3-day are . Leech, v Broughton. Barrow v &Hold. Swinton °Urn. Wigan v Rochdale. Legda • York. Et. Helens, Widnes. Heide: v Ebbw Vale. Batley v Merthyr. Hull K.R. v Handel. Brantley v Huddersfield. Dewobury • Hull. Wakefield • Coventry. --- Warrington have another Maul, date, and the only engagement at Wilderepool to-day will be the Works Comptition match between Cronficld's No. 2 and Richmoad's No 2.

-- The results of the works matches up to and including Thursday evening are as follows : Richmond's best Rylands' Netting Shop ; Fleming-st Tannety beat Cockhedge Factory ; Orford Buildings beat Greening" Wire Worky ; Walker's Brewery beat Corporation Employees; Whitecrors beat Howley Tannery; 3iooks Hall beat Johnson 'Hamper Work.

-- The International match luetween England and Wales takes place to-lay at Ebbw Vale. Seveial alterations in the original teem have had to be made. bat the following arcing sides are expected to turn Ott : Wales.—T. Jenkins (Ebbw Vale) ; L. Llewellyn (Ebbw Vale), W. Thom. (Salford), B. Jenkins (Wigan), W. T. Doves (Halifax) ; T. H. Grey (Huddersfield), J. Thomas (Wigan); W. Blackinore Mull Kingston Rovera), E. Jenkins (Rochdale Hornets), B. D. Davies (Swinton), J. Foley (Ebbw Vale), F. A. Slinger@ (Warrington), and E. J. Thomas (.!_talford/.

Elmland.—E. Clarkson (Hull'; J. Miller (Wigan), J. Lomas (Oldham), H. Wagstaff and W. Kitchen (Huddersfield); F. Smith (Runslet),T.White !Oldham); W. Jukes (liunaletl, F. Webster (Leeds), H. Kershaw (Wakefield Trinity), A, S. Avery (Oldham), W wicet.oley (Wigan), and J. 7. Clampitt (Botighton Ranger.). W. Batten ,Flunslet) back, and A. Kennedy (Runcorn) forward. are the English reserve.. W Williams (Halifax) back, and 11. Orononn kHudJers- field) forward, are the rmerves for Walee. Oa their own soil I think Wales will win, They made rings round England on one occasion at Toaypandy, bat earlier this season they were well- beaten at Coventry by 30 points to 13 points.

- COAGULINII. Trasiparoot Comsat for Gls" China. fa. id., and hi pa.t !res.—A In.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

RESULTS OP SATURDAYS MATCHES.

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

5 5 :5 Hamlet..

2 3 13

.13r.dfordNortbeen "..; 0 4 Harrow Raiford Wide. Wakefield Trlaity 3 1 18 York 2 3 13 333645 4 4 "0 Leeds 1 0 2 Rochdale Honing 3 315 Warrington Oldham 3 9 15 Leigh 0 0 0 Puncorn Hull kinptoo R I 1 5 Kerley ..... ....... 0 1 3 llorlderafirrld ...... Swinton YOle Ii,IIIRE JUNIOR CUP.—Fttoiro rni:Nn. Hell K_11...._: .. —— 13 IS!.,r!inli?.. 77. 2

lane End lin.. 8 Ilebdro* Midas 1 0 P..edslr.rt Vic._ 5 5 70 Wintley ...... 0 1 3 Ell.d Y.W 17 Conti bell's

===== 0002601_19110401_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Hall

YORKSHIRE COMBINATION

Huddersfield A 3 3 1$ Maid Illy A.... 1 0 2 LaNCA81111:13 CONIBINA CION. Warrlaato. 4 4 20 R,e4Alle P. A. 2 1 7 Oldham A 2 2 10 WO A 0 0 0

LANCASJIIRE f,IIIELD.--Szcon, Boom Leigh A 1 1 5 Pen horton ...... 0 0 n Broughlon K. A — 21 St. Helene A ... 0 1 8 Wigan Highfleld I 1 5 Swinton A 0 1 Runcorn A I 2 8 .. ... 1 II 2

===== 0002601_19110401_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Beaten at Rochdale

The Werriorton men paid the ret ern visit to It: ph- dale oe returner, end found the Cup eend•flealiets in good furl. Both eider were • ell reprere It, d. Roch- dale bed Ferrer sway from fell-tack, and Worrineton were 1k Ilbollt Te)lor, the vacancy at centre being filled Uneworth. There wee a awed of about :000, tilt ugh the weather we. told and Morro), with nceeeloaal mow shower'. Teems

Warringion—Xlc'etym. back ; Weyer,ll, Dickesenn, Unaterth and Bradshaw, three.qnarter back.; C y end Brooker. ball hicks ; Johnoton, Shnpers, and A E linardmen, Chafe.. Nat lor •nd fierce., forwards. Rockdale—English, beck ; West, Baxter, Robin... and Paddon, three-neater hacks ; Roman, Dearden, Turner, Fitssim monk Riciamdson and Bowers, forward. Referee, efr W Nirritcheon, (Oldham>. Rochdale won the toss, and Warrington had to fere • strong wind during the lint ball. They were the first to become •ggree..ve, an the home custodian started by mirfiellEng sad the Warrington forwards rushed Us. hllll to the line where • score was narrowly averted. Brook.. Creesey and Unassorth kept up the attack with • smart combined run but a forwancl pun to Bradshaw spoiled Ibe that. lioadale noon °banned the scene of orerstion. by strong punting with the wind, and Mcint.3 re had • busy time. Fir mimeo. ' chased down • clesring kick and paved to Romans; at the transfer wee forward end Warrington escaped. Ibe I Horns'. played • vigorous game eat there woe runnel fine tackling In the Warrington quarter. Eventually Brooks relieved with a firm run, but the homestere were soon beck mad Went spoiled • fine chance by kicking too bard. Cr...oy and Dickinson niece. Warrington in a better position and English had Ws kick charged. Wastrell scoured and appeared a certain scorer, but rialuclaiy stepped in touch. Smart play on both the Warrington wings drove Rochdale heck, but in the next •1•11 Robinson moored and dropped a goal. Warrington were overplayed fur a time and Fitgehumon• ecored for the Hornets after amen work by the hack.. Jones mimed the goal. Main, yre defended In gallant style. but the attack was perairtent and Paddnu got over at , the corner. Just I afore the interval JODP• kicked a penalty goal. Warrington crossed over ten points in

, Warrlatton appeared to have • good chance of wiping off a deficit on resuming, and Dickeneon WWI aerly to the fore with • floe break away. The Warring• ton backs put op • great effort, but want of finish on ' the slop resulted in nothing tingible being scored. Rochdale plated up In vigorous etyle, and good work by Jones, Router end Robineon drove Wsrrington back, lint the Wirepullers were penietent and /Mortars made , a great effort to score, Robinson bringing him down on the line with • grand tackle. The play are in Wai— -1 rington'e favour when Dickenson received • wens injury to the head and had to retire. A great run and punt by Warren wan attended with 111-look, for the browce cariied the bell too for end a , glorious °hence o f mooring wan spoiled. However, from a crisis-kick by Worrell, linsdahnw scored far out. The' locals rallied nod good work by the backs led up to Richardson scoring a fine try and Prddon lending a goal. Near the close the Werringtoniane premised hard, but the only record was • penalty goal kicked by Mclntyre. Result Rochdale Hornets, three goals three tries (15 pointa) ; Warrington, one goal one try (five point.).

===== 0002601_19110401_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNKS AGAIN FOCICIII

The match with Broughton Barge. at Widnes on Saturday enabled the local. to recapture the fourth poeition in the l.eague. There were 1,000 spectators. , Me Rangers won the ton, and Widees had to face a , strong breeze. They were the first to attack, but it was not for long. and shortly after Broughton had got Into their opponent.' quarters Ruddick .cored as the result of Laws failing to clear. Davidson failed at goal. Nearing the ieterval Davidson had his kick charged down by Johann, who dribbled over the line, for Sam /apes to non. Tayior failed eta very easy place. Hell-time :—Widnes 3 ['ohne, Broughton 3 gents. Thencond half was greatly in favour of Widnes. but many chances were mimed. Swinton was foroed into touch near the corner flag, end following the mrummace :McCarthy crossed the line. Taylor scan felled et goal. As the result of a passibg moven.ent inaugureted by Taylor lane scored at the corner. The Raogers were •f tomer& penalised, and Jones placed. goal. Just before the finish Mead made • clever open- ing, and Lear scored an unimproved try for Broughton. Result :—Widnee I goal 3 tries (11 points). Broughton 2 tries (6 points). Teams and officials : Widnes.—Jonn, back ; Laws, Lally, Tailor, and Swinton, three-quarter backs ; Noon and O'Cilan, half- backs ; S Aspsy, 0 Aspey, John., Lloyd, McCarthy, and Rigby, forwards. . . .

Broughton Rangers—Davidson, back ; Roach, Lear, /lards and Scott, hieequarter haoks ; Mead earl Barlow, half backs; Ruddick, Hurst, Beetham, Winn- kill, Kerry, Rad Ciampi tt, forwards. Referee, Mr J F May, St Helens. Touch•jadges, Messrs El Tates, Runcorn, and F Turner, Warrington.

RUNCORN v. BRATILEY.

Runcorn Isere able to easily get the better of Bransley on the Cheshire ground. The vieltors were the Bret to scores.. result cf tricky work by %Vard, Morgan end Walton, the latter getting over for Turton to add the goal. This apurred on the Linnet.," and Massey dribt led firmly half the length of the field, add scored • spleedid try. Talbot improved, and at the interval the team, were level with five points each. Following the re-start Runcorn premed in a determined manner, but both teams terribly lacked finish, tome of their efforta provoking the laughter of the apectato,a. Runcorn' s however, still continued to have the hotter of the game, and after Mammy sod Donoghue had dribbled to the line Joy.» picked up and went over, Talbot kicking the goal. Another try came from • penalty against Bramley, Grubb kicking scrota to Wood, who easily romped over, Talbot failing with the goal kick. Watton then made an opening for Rua:ell to go over, at the corner. Talbot failing to goal, and just prior to the call of time Lewis scored a try, wbot again mint- ing the coal. Reault :—Roncorn 2 go7la 5 Iris. (19 points), Bramley 1 goal I try (5 points). Teams end ofactel•

Runcorn- Talbot, book ; Wood, Hugh., Richard•on, and Rumen, three-quarter bask. ; Lerri• mid Walton, half backs ; William., Walker, Grubb, Mammy, Joy., anfl. Donoghue, forwards.

Bramley—Turton, back ; Marshall, Karnali, Sea- mans and Walton, three-quarter hanks ; Ward and Morgan, balf hacks : Clarke, Burnley, Kirby, Resettle*, Thorpe and Stones, torwards. Referee, Mr. J. Whiteley, Wakefield. Touch judger, Messrs. H. Ball, Wigan, and A. JOINS., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

W•uftimyroN A" V. Hof Itnatz A."—There wept fair crowd at %Vat tilgton on Saturday for the match with Rochdale " A "though • strong cold wind made mitten unpleasant. J. Jenkins turned out in place of Unsworth. and Warrington alerted with the wind behind them. The locals coon showed capital form and the Rochdale line was hard premed. A fumble oa , the line by Barber let In Lloyd, who dribbled over for 'a try. Daintith mimed the goal kick, but a few win. ate. later he succeeded from a penalty. Vigorous forward work was the order for some time, but near- ing half-time the IVarringtonians weed mentally and Clare ra-ed in from balf.way,Daintith goaling. Another floe effort by Clare again broke down the Rochdale defence, and Daintith maintained his good form, lead- ing a floe goal. At half-time Warrington led by 15 go!la to nil. . .

.-icran-g.;:ound with the wind behind them the •isi tore attacked, but met n strrlng defence. The local. were clever at half-bark .d Lloyd and Daintith conatantly harassed the railway goal with their change of tactics. A had mull. by Daintith,let in in Renner for the visitors nod Berton gonled. Clare immediately after raced in from half.way and completed a really line try. Dail, tit h totaled. In the last minute of the day the visitors planed • penalty goal. Result Warrington, four goala four trial (20 points); Rochdale Hornets, two goals one try ,seven points,.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES ENGINEER DROWNED.

John Davies, a married man, of 20, Oeklende.street, Widnes, wan drowned on Monday by falling from the entail steamer little Arthor, which wee lying in the Sankey and St. Helens Cenel, end of which he was engineer. Unfortunately, when in the water, he got his leg fast in the rudder, which prevented hie swimming to the abort Aesittance was rendered by • plunk, who was close at hand, and linniniwa. got out of the enter, but artificial repirstion was brief, without avail.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH AFFAIRS. NOTES FOR IRISH READERS.

MEMBERS OF THE CABINET AND

===== 0002601_19110401_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME RULE.

An interesting mind of the Cabinet on the subject of Home Rule is to be found in the speeches of two Ministers of important standing in the past few days. Mr. Augustine Birrell,Chief Secretary for Ireland, recently addressed a gathering of the mem- bers of the Reform Club, Manchester, and devoted the greater part of his eagerly awaited speech to the matter of Home Rule. Witty flashes—such as his comparison of the religion of the river Jordan with that of the river Boyne—were not wanting, but as we sat and listened to this rare type of man, blending so many fine qualities of statesman, philosopher and wit, we felt that nowhere was his sanity so conspicuous as in his clear- sighted view of Ireland to-day. The dis- appearance of the gloom and the better feel- ing which marked the days before the Land Purchase Act and the Local Government Act, the material and intellectual revival which has drawn together so much of the finest energy of Irishmen of all parties. the establishment of a National University where a people, whose mental gifts were recognised, may now have that unconditioned higher education for which they had so long clamoured in vain—all these potent factors have for their result a better and a brighter Ireland than English statesmen faced in their previous Home Rule Bills. Religion and Finance he thought were two of the points that would come in for most discussion. The former he considered offered no difficulty whatever, and whilst a thorough examina- tion of the financial basis of Ireland was now being conducted, he thought the monetary difficulty would not prove a real obstacle to the great task before His Majesty's Ministers. "I can only say my heart is in this job," said Mr. Birrell with great vehemence, and even the speaker must have experienced a feeling of surprise at the enthusiasm of the Manchester Liberalti when he declared that difficult though it might be, they would certainly ;carry their task through. "Anyone who travels through Ireland and sees the people, men, women and children, must realise how keen they are, how clever and how teachable they are. What a part they have played" he continued "in all our battles and all our Empire winning. And to think that we, this great nation, perpetually boasting of our influence, have cut such a poor figure with an adjacent island!" We rejoice to think that the member of the Government who will have most to do with the drafting of the Home Rule measure should be one whose deep Liberal faith and wide sympathies are scarcely less than those of the great Gladstone. The other Cabinet utter- ance fell from Mr. Lewis Harcourt who was present at the recent inauguration of a United Irish League Club in Haslingden—in premises oddly enough out of which the Tories were bought by the local Irish. Ever since the year If 33 he, personally, had been a Home Ruler, he said, and he eagerly looked forward to the early establishment of an Irish Parliament, subject to the Imperial ' Parliament. That was all the Irishmen had ever asked for and it was the least the English people could offer to the Irish people. " There is a star rising for you to-day" he concluded "a star of good hope which will not only bring justice to Ireland, but will bring honour to England and prosperity to , our kinsmen across the sea." These important declarations from men of Cabinet rank, together with the fact that the whole of the machinery of the Liberal party is being set in motion for the much needed enlightenment of the country on one question, afford abundant justification for the great faith which the Irish people are placing in Mr. Aaquith's ministry. THE FINANCE OF THE QUESTION. Since Finance is to figure so largely in Irish affairs in the near future, and the Unionist critics on the platform and in the press are making much of this matter, it may be worth while to take a brief glance at Irish taxation as we know it to-day. The problem before us in Ireland is that the White Papers of which too much has been heard lately shew a heavy deficit in the national balance sheet. Now it may be noted in passing that the analysis to which these documents have been submitted, strips them of any claim to authority, accuracy or fairness as an account of the financial position of Ireland under the Union. For example the "true revenue" shown in these returns under such heads as tobacco, beer, tea, and sugar was actually calculated for 1909-10 on the basis of con- jectures made for 1903-4! But supposing we agree that more money is spent in Ireland than is collected, we may then proceed to examine Ireland as a bankrupt. The formula of the Courts "To what do you attribute your Bankruptcy?" is put to Ireland and the reply we get is "To the fact that my finances were, since the Union, controlled by a violator of treaties,by a financial contractor who broke the contracts.- And that reply is supported by eminent English economists who have investigated the puzzling position we are faced with to-day. If anyone be sceptical on that point he need only refer to the findings of the Childers Commission—a Royal Commission set up by an English Government and packed with English financial experts—and he will find this extraordinary statement set forth in the unemotional language of financiers,that since the Act of Union an amount ranging between .£200,000,000 and £400,000,000 has been drawn out of Ireland in over-taxation. Yet because it is now suggested that England having plundered Ireland for eleven decades should give a slight lift in return for, say, two decades, Captain Craig and Mr. F. E. Smith are quite overcome with deep indignation. They, together with the writers of the "Daily Telegraph" and "The Outlook," may splutter on in their unmannerly abuse ; sensible Irishmen are not perturbed, they are only anxioas that a reliable finding may be the outcome of the actuarial investigation which Mr. Asquith has instituted, and then with a just and workable financial basis they are quite prepared to produce in Ireland good 'Government, efficient admististration, and with a strong sense of nationgresponsibility to accept their own burdens and ask no subsidy whether that be given graciously or not.

HIKE! FREE! FREE! £lOO IF NOT GENUINE. A REAL ROLLED GOLD WATCH for Lsdy or riot Immo ). A REAL GOLD RING, OR BROOCH. A PAIR OF FULL SIZE BLANKETS. A PAIR ON FIRST CLASS GLACE KID SHOES.' and surnerome other articles, which you can select from our Catalogue. You can have any of these articles, entirely free, and . without any charge whatever, for just • few minutes simple end easy work. and without any outlay of any kind. Just send • postcard with your name and address to—

THE UNIVERSAL STORES, CAMP ST. DEPT. F) BROUGHTON, MANCHESTER, and wit will send full particulars. Ws will forfeit th• •bove sum if our offer is not g.nuina and straightforward.

q

We are the only firm in WIARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19110401_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WHICH SELLS

New Zealand Lamb and Mutton exclusively.

iog between the two aections, but they happened to coincide In their opposition on this occasion. Mr. A. BROOKS A number of avowed Simieliets attend and they •re in your category. The tee. A. M. itlirrati But we ars not all Socialists. I don't think there in anybody trim ad vocates unrestricted out-relief.

The CHAIRMAN Oh, yea. Mr..101.1.1(V : A large number. The motion was agreed to. TENIrEIt aci.geran. The Board accepted the tender of Messrs. W. and A. Aaht,di for bnilding work In connection with the erection of Ore escapes at Um Workboitae.

At a [peeling of (helloes@ CAimmlttee it wns recom- mended that the orders for tradeemen for the quarter lw placed nit follows -Chemlet, Mr Harold Smith ; yeant, Mr Walser and Mr Kershaw ; plumber, Mr II Whittle ; stationers, Mackie nod Co. Ltd. ; clock- mending, Meagre E,rnnc. nod Co. ; paint, Mr Allen ; blacksmith, Mr Throne,' ; builder, fir II frairclough ; ironmongery, Ale•ara Caldwell Ltd. , electrical rnquinites, fir Ii Bibby ; hearse and bearers, Mews Magian Bros.

Al • meeting of the lledgate Cottage Homes Com- mittee, the following contracts for the quarter were accepted z —drugs, Hill and Co. ; paints, oil, etc., Mr It Whittle ; plztrobing An., IV II Whittle ; repairs to machinery. Mr C Colton ; wood and Iron repairs, Mr J Antrobus ; Ironmongery, sundries, El N Houghton ; team labour, W and J Potter ; needles and repairs to seeing MAChIOPP, Jones Sewing Machine Co.; repairs to clucks, Mr J Puilapron ; dentistry, Mr Iledley Taylor seed and farm requisites, Mr George Starkey repairs to spectules, Mr J Rymer Voung ; stationery, Mackie and Co Ltd.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB t.:. N.e."'" \ K".•••••••••••"‘W,e—'l,ey,,,Noy,"

ANOTHER BOY INVENTOR.

A correspondent who read what I had to say about the inventions which boys have made sends me a newspaper cutting in which it is stated that it was a boy who hit upon the idea of a safety pin. I will copy what is upon the cutting. The little boy- Ifarrivon by name -bad to look after he baby brother. The baby often cried, and its tears were ritually to le traced to tin puncturea. The boy num tried along time to heed pine into such a form that they could be used with safety to his brother. fled. In this be foiled, Lot his father the blsekomith, perceiving the utility of the hies the Jul had been at work on tool it up on hi• OWn account, and eventually tamed out the eafety pin that is in ate to-day all over the world.

This is very good and possibly quite true but I ought to tell you that safety pins were known long before this boy was born. Some years ago a brooch was up at Wilderspool from among the ruins of the Roman station, and it had a protected pin attachment very much like our safety pin. I took this brooch to London and showed it to the curator of the Guildhall Museum, who gave it as his opinion that the brooch was prob- ably older than the Roman period and possibry of Celtic make. Of course the idea of the safety pin may have become lost and been redis-overed in the way which is described in the lines I have quoted.

IF WE KNEW. N 'mild we but rlrsw back the cortains That surround reek I ther's li,es, Sé the naked heart and spirit. t now what spur the action gives, Often we should find it better. _• Purer than we judge we should, ,We should love rock other better i If we only understood. Could we judge all deeds by motives, See the good and bad within. Often we should love the sinner . All the while we Lathe the sin. I Could we know the powers working i To o'erthiore integrity. We should Judge each other's errors With more patient charity.

If he knew the cares and trials, Knew the effort all in vain. And the later disappi intment, l'nderstood the lose and pia Would the grim, evernal roughness Seem. I weirder, just the same? Should we help where now we hinder' Should we pity where we blame? Alt ! we judge each other harshly. Knowing not We's hidden fore,. Knowing not the firm of action Is less turbid at its source. Seeing not .mid the tirii All the golden grains of good, Oh, we'd love each other better, If we only understmrd. SPRING.

They played at hide and seek together, Ohl Pather Sun and young Spring Weather ; Ile hunted high, he hutted low. Through Summer'e heat and Winter, snow ; Ile taxped about in everything. But nowhere could be find young Spring. Ile mailed at first at merry Summer ; Ile frowned at autumn the Dell corner ; Ile baldly looked at Winter's face Ile had grown treaty of the rare. When soddenly he beard her sing. '' I'm back again, pm dear old thing." THIS WEEK'S STORY. THE CURE DID NOT WORK. A boy of seven was troubled with sleep- lessness and his father undertook to find hint a cure. " I'll tell you somothing that will soon put you to sleep," he said. " You begin and count slowly up to 100, and then another hundred, and KO on, and before you know it you'll be sleeping. Try it to-night when you go to bed." Everything remained quiet that night until the father went to retire. Ache passed the boy's bed a little voice piped, " Papa. " Yes, my boy." " What comes after trillions?" But the wakeful youngster's query was not answered; his father had vanished into his own bedroom.

Railway Clerks aid Sunday Duty. : At the monthly meeting of nbov ranch, held at Winuarleigh Cite rn Saturday the 2:lth i oat, the following reaolutiou encsrtivl unanititously.—. That this meeting expiessee great .lissatisEirtion at present state of things, and disaprintment at the long delay on the putt of the I. ail,' N.M.. Railway Company, in givit g an interview to the Deputation, appointed to represent the Staff in regird to payment for Sunday Duty, pinting out tbst h•tit its partnere in the joint working arrangement. t!.. Midland and and Y. Railway Compan)'s —oi' ii w raying their clerks for Sunday duty.

Sllmin Von's

Coffee Essence prepared from the clioic2st coffee. IA retains the natural flavour and ,agrance of the coffee bean. It is Autely free from adulteration. Remember there is nu other coffee essence to equal Symington's.

faras4 . boll i eilli 3.‘ Synotanr..- , ,or, grow _ 1111 4101* • N

===== 0002601_19110401_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Could not Postpone the Grand National

S 3 ADJOURNED MEETING OF THE HOUSE COMMITTEE.

The fortaightly meeting of the Warrington Ilcard of Guardians was held at the Workhonse on Wednesday, Mr G Mather presiding. There core elso prearat : Min Broadhurst, Mrs Simi:mon, Revs T K Nfettbeste and AM Mitchell, Dr Murree, Mears E L Bent, A J Jolley, W Gill, A Brooks, W C ltrookr, M. Furness, It Lee, W Flanagan, J A Itualmorth, J A Hughes, hi W Seton, A 13^,,..1.1 (clerk), R W l'eacock (assistant clerk), and J F Iwhery (roaster).

===== 0002601_19110401_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
TU F. 1101756

'c??I,,IiTTRIt ASP. Ti.tt: GRAND NATIONAL.

The Hey A NI Mil. 11Ei1. aalied oho the meeting of the House Committee bad been held that morning inelead of on the previous Friday. IVbet reas.i.n We. there for an adjournment ? He understood the Grand National m. being MP on Frldday, The ell AMMAN : That'. just It. lb. it., AM MITCHELL : So we could not hold the oonmitters meeting., _

Mr A BROOKY No, we could not adjourn the Grand National. (Laughter,. The Rev. A. U. MITCIIFLL said he was sorry the House Committee should be adjourned for, horse nu. Their business was too important and there was too much to be done to put meetings off on those ground.. It wee the second time. meeting of that committee had been adjourned sod he Loped it would not happen again. The Cu don oi It will always happen u loafs. there is a majority in favour of the resolution. Majorities most rule. The CLERK : A resolution was passed at the last meeting of the Board, and I simply acted on the Instruction.

The Rev. A. M. McTu,u. What woe the reason ?

The CH IIRMAN : The mann was that we could not adjourn the Grand Notional. (Laughter). hire. SIMPSON : 1 ihould like to know where (be latish comes in.

The CHAIRMAN: Everybody. pleased. ILLNESS OF MEMBERS.

It was stated that Mrs.Colliagwoodaml Mr. Miller, members of the Board, were coefitted to their homes through Intone, and the Clerk was directed t, mod theta letters of sympathy.

POOR LA W RPFORM.

REV. A. M. MITLIAELL AND SOCIALISTS.

Mr. JOLI CV presented a report on the Special Meeting of the Amociation of Poor Law Unions in England end Wales, held in London on March 23rd, and which the Clerk and be attended, lie stated There was • prolonged discussion on various aspects of the complex problem erkh which the Draft Order of the Departmental Committee deals. Two notices of motion bed been given expressing general disapproval of the Draft Order, and them were first dealt with. It soon booms evident that, though • minority of the repre- sentatives were keenly opposed, not only to the proposals of the Draft Order, but to any reistrictions on the granting of out-relief to anyone who mires to seek it; yet that the majority were in favour of a more reasonable policy ; and yltimately, the first of these motions wart rejected by an overwhelming majority, and the second was then withdrawn. There-

---- --- ---. recommendations of

th. Execritive

Coonoil of the Association were submitted and considered, section by section. They embodied general approval of the I) aft Order hut I suggested some amendments to six of the articles. The more extreme of the Socialist representative, and a number of those who advocate unrestricted Out- relief, opposed the recommendations of the Executi•e and moved numerona amendments. These efforts were unavailing arr, by very large majorities, the whole of the recommendations of the Executive Council were approved. There con be no doubt that it. now order on the lines of the amended draft be promptly issued and enfatned it will tend to produce better adminis. tration of relief, diminishing expenditure, increaeog efficiency and helping forward social reform on scientific lines. (Applause). The CHAIRMAN, in propo,Cng the adoption of the report and a vote of thanks to kir. Jolley, mid he felt sore the methods to be adopted mould add to the efficiency of the working of the Poor Law in many direction., _

Mr. FUHNF,S seconded. The Rev. A. M. klrrrit it must not be tinder- stood that he endorsed everything the report contained. Mr. Jolley spoke about a more reascrahle but there roight be two opinion. stout that. A more reasonable policy, in the minds of a great roomy, was that there should be the opportunity for out-relief sod'uot forcing people into the Workhouse. Ile did not loom ehy Mr. Jolley should dub all those who were in favour of cut•relief an Socialists. it was not fair.

Mr. Joi.l.lv raid that wise not his intention. What he stated was "The more extreme of the Socialist representatives sad a number of those who advocated norestl icted out-relief." lie was carefully distinguish-

===== 0002601_19110401_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servants etc.

"L' B Clever Scandinavian Maid Servants, write— Assurrancs, Copenbagen, flordsalle 7. WANTED, good .CDOK-GENERAL, sboot 25 ; references required.—Apply by feting tu RAILS, AV HOTEL, 2, St.. Helens rd., Bolton. WANTED 011th, age 17 to 20, honest and clean V fond of chlidien.-51cAgnicir, 52, &antral!

rd., Blackburn. WANTED, Stroh' GIRL so General, end to mist bakohoose ; no children; no washing.—bo, WINSINGToN NO.. Southport. _ _

27,,Ildroaseism.iz d. charges.

=edema*

- - %V ANTED woad eonatry GIRL, abash 17 yeses fond of childeen.—Apply M. Las. Oak bask ro..pt.Cborly. WANTED,GRNERAL, good, *gable; moll family, good wages.—Apply, Mrs. B. HOLM Lai, Lgmm Cheshire. WANTED, good GENERAL; 3 la family • refer- ences arld fell partionlars.—FADtsaag, s!l., Mamie Bridge.

ANTED, immediately, GENERAL, all datiew ; I small faintly ; wages £2o.—Alm 104 Butteromuket st.., Warrington.

WANTED DOMESTIC to help with all duties, age' 17 to EL—ASHWOKT., Piano Dealer, 96, Darnley, neer Randal.

- - - WANTSD,COOK•GENERALS sod good bleido,lo., St 0006.—M111.111• CHAMP AND DOw MOO IN, 179, Braohall la., Stockport.

IVAN TED, superior Olag tNERAL ; e Dor tinder 20; good references required.—HroilLEuir, Old Hall, Mill lane, Leigh.

VIT ANTED, OENENAI., 18 to 20 years. No 000klag. VV_ 81ost oto sod capable.—Mrs.flow Derby iverpool.

,i.hl.td,

WANT ED, GENERAL SERVANT, able to MIA; ~lo,euo...—GoDS 0111AMOPHOR1 brOltiB, arrington.

B,ldlefoot,

WANTED, at once, CIENISRAL SERVANT ,• state . wag, &0.--M.. TOWZIONSD, 3,T7lduly terrace, Lentral Promenade, Blackpool.

WANTEU, COOK-GENEKAL ; 00-11 gibing ; wages £); Housemaid-Waitress kept.—Apply HUDSON, 114, Buttermarhet Wsrriestoo. WANTE D,Soperlor,T r ust wort hyl oung GENERAL, two kept ; no wasbang ; good horue.—Apply 23, 13cAatasaicr OT..OOtbJOL WAN r-k-yousg UN.KAL, InUail house .ims ag., segos required,refersnoe.—E'rouN,7;tirovo it" Higher Broughton, Manchester. _ -• • .

C— - ANADA.—Wanted, Servant., all chores with 10(11- factory telegrams ; maimed passages through.— WINDSOR'b AGASCY, 10, Portland et., Southport. Ncr ANTED, C 1... Respectable GIRL, for family of two, in mall faro In the Isle of Mao; fannees, deughter preferred.—Addron : BROW, 10, Bridge oh Southport. Au ANTED I 10111hE si WAIEItIMSS war War- V rington • £lll to £lB.—Apply MISS HUDOON, Ladies Bureau, 114, Bettermatket at, Warrington. _ WANTE() COOK (experienced) at once ; good ' sage. • also Generalr.—WATKlNS, late Silk, Ladies' and Children's Outfitter, 57, Sankey at., Warrington.

WANTED at Stockport, CookAlooarsla, Parlour maids. Good wages tor good refereacee. Fares paid. &gloss stamp. No dal/lg.—bliss Naw Tort, 12, Chest Underbauk, Stockport.

J)omEsric BUREAU now open), Bank Chambers, StAnnea-tin-Sea ; Maids I.v:intr.:l in all .Ipacitlea; good General. Wanted at once,for boarding nun private houses ; enclose stan]ro. WANIEIi. COOt, .eia.per leaned. .rearill2RBA3 west 2 for Maocleafield,ll.. Atnes, £4O, Southport, Radon& ; Protastanta.—HALL, 8, King at., Manchester.

.311SZ.W.I.LLI6A41S,Servanreqtelte. g;sootrl, 12;rAv.lenitan. oil olames ; several places waiting tot good General. Booking fee la. and stamp. IVANYKIJ, Uenetala,tkok•Genstralst and Young • Generals, immediately ; splendid situation. waiting ; only those 1k ith good reference. need apply. —Address Ilanames, 925, Manchester rd., Burnley.

W•ANT ED,GISNEttAL (10), for private home; three in family (chart eight moot* ; large things laundry ; very comfortable home ; elate tvag ; good character essential.—Mn. BALNI A IN, Fahlteld, Victorm Park, Colwyn Bay. I,V ANTk.I3, Early in Aped, good eaperienced WOK", age 25 to 30; also Perloormaid and liousemaid, under 25., family of four. Wages according to experi- ence. No registry. Good references indispensable.— iPROAT, Prearrylia, Mold, Pliotallire.

("MEAT BARGAINS.-I,llles Cadumee, g2od wi new. Not a wardrobe shop.—HILDA FRENCH Peonard rd., Shepherd's Bash, London. Lint stamp,

TAILORING.—Cut, Make, Trim to the Fred° London styles; workmanship guaranteed. Write for pries list.-Cberlee & Walters,ll9 Cheapride, London.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Wanted.

AriLD FALSE TEETH WANTED.-Bost London bffered by return.—KlNG & c0.,34M Hart at. London

LADY will give reasonable price for set of Sable Fora—Nam% Forth Home, Tyldesley. Genteel opera Lime ocOupation,very ietapbaroar cbaeoe write now.-.N SW SLL Cox. Sooth st.,Ereswort h,Hants Wantef Gent's Clothing. Bootsoto. Cash remitted to pupae—FINNEY, Wardrobe Dealer, Sal labor

WANTED, Fowls for ea* •Uste price for quantity. COODER, In, Upper Kennington lane, London. A GENTS wanted,lo. earned daily,enclowe damp tor reply.-51•00 Ulla. 81, Peg lane, Cleckheston. TYPING.-1,000 Words 104.; Circular., 50, Ye.-Ittir IL NICHOLSON, IS, Wordey rd, Farnsworth, citlon, florreeponienta wanted to inuoduce Building Con triseta and Inquiries. Cons.paid on businees @enure- WrlteH., 27 and 28 I irbeok Bank Cherub... Holborn, A GENTS wanted to sell Patent Egg-opener- LI. profitable. Particulars from EtLiorr, Houlhtoo- - Co., Durbam. WANTE!), • VAIHF-OF IW-ITC ; stens dozen daily; sunk weekly.-Offersat ono, to Annicit LAND, 792, Ormak irk rd., Pemberton. Wigan. BLAcKsmil'IPS Forenmn seek. change. 14y... boiler worts. Age 97. Quick, Inventive.-Wiiin, 47, Broedwell rd., Oldbury, Birmingham. - -

-- CIANADA, Australis.—Farm Labourer., DumasSo assieted ; situations provided ; enclose stamp.— BROOKS, Xmigretioa Agent, Glastonbury. CLSRKS look here ; M Male and Percale Clerks invited P.O writs lor Prospect. of National Colon of BlCA:telf SECRETARY, IS3, Sankey at., Warrington.

irIENUINE ep.-tine employment °tared eltber Ni-lr sea ; experienos armee...try ; es risk or cud.;; liberal ter.; addressed eseelope.—C. DEPT, 3, Bedford at., - Yorke.

particr. Cleckbeston, .

VETERINARY COURSE AT 11051 E. VT oomnog 800 roWer.; taught ix nitopiret ling ish language and illustrations. Coat within reach of all Diploma grunted. Suocessful graduates everywhere Ore at opportunity to learn Vet. at • small cost. Panic f reo.—LON.iN VETISRINARY COLLEOE, London, Canada GENTS.—A splendid living for Workers ; the Novi- .: V dent Clothing and Supply Company ltd. require • few trustworthy, energetic, well connected men in Warrington and district, full or quire time ; exception ally remunerative terms.—Apply, E. 0/1,1,11AW, District Manager, 5 Market at., Warrington between 11 and 10 a.m., and Friday evenings 6.30 tot.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Miscellaneous. SLATED SBRVICE.-38 pieces, Spoor and Forks I. is.—Briss, 84, Fast Hlll,Duttord.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
REMNANTS.—Don't boy fiemaants elms"! before oalliog to sea our Stook of Remounts Delainea, Zephyrs, Voiles, &leers, litigant, Mimi Prints, Lane., Cambric', Flaboeletten, Shini Linings, Apron Check., Drills, Cretonne., hc., Pinafore., /Loosen Blouse Lengths. Tea Cloths, Apr Oieralls, Towels, he., sample parcels 55., 10., 210., bi fit m £2 10, Carriage paid, price lists post frc A. J. An Or 0 AND Co., 21, Cannon at, klanchtater.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Mlsoellanoous.

MAN% £6 16e., Rammood inlaid peril ; mead coed' nom ; Mogen y wor th doubl• ; good tone. 1, DALL&M LAMS, rianiegton.

ON SALE, 2 Stour WSW., Sills, with Mullions sad Gips; also 2 Windows Sin. z Sin. complete.— MA, MCI= yr., Leigh.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Medical.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
. _ Horses, Carriagqs, Live Stook

===== 0002601_19110401_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
UN GLOSS LINEN PRESERVER. TRANSPARENT WATERPROOF SOLUTION keeplog Collars mod Cuffs clean for ....ha Try UM,* wet fres.—Lis GLoss Co, Furilral Los Solo, C.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Bale by Auction.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
BY ORDER OF THE EXECUTORS OF THE LATE HENRY NEMO, ESQUIRE, DECEASED

Valuablo end sell nooruld Ground Rom in Warrington and Altrinclern, amounting In £124 2n. Id. per annum, and Valuable Freehold Farago, attractive residence, Saw Mint building had, and cottages CONTAINING OVER 425 STATUTE ACRES.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
The above freehold promises are situate on the high ground., of Cheshire—avenging 200400) feet above Sr. level—ere bounded sad intersected by good roods, and are brought within easy reach of the important town of Warringtoo (distant tome 4-5 miles) by • puble motor 'bun oersted,, and cder nooptional opportunities to dices dniring • country residence, or land for building in this very healthy locality.

• • TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY 'MESSRS. JOHN MAINWARING & CO. At the BLUE BELL INN, Horsemarket Street, Warrington. on WEDNESDAY, the sth day of APRIL. 1011, at Three o'clock tu the Afternoon, *object to the Conditiona of Sale to he then produced.

for I.—A yearly Groood Rent of £49 IS.. ed. oeeared on dwelliog-hoases Nos. 67 to 89 and 101 to 139 in Coney lane, 1% erringion.

ALTRINCHAM GROUND RENTS.

Amouot of

1 No. .f Lot. j

Second on P_r_o_porty Oroood Ref 2 11.3 BOLD ro-affor, Artgron-sr-- 17 ti 8 3 i „ 27 „ 37 . £72 A 4 i„— „ 8 8R0.1,221 STREET, .4.LTILINCRAM £3 9 0 5 ,„20,. 46 „ „ .119 10 10 ~ ft „ 48 „72 „ „ „ £l3 14 1 . 7 1 „ 10 „24 „ £9 010 8 i ~49 „73 BOLD STRI „ P:T. ALTRINCRAII £l4 0 0

FREEHOLD FARMS AND NESSCAOI

AS UNDER

===== 0002601_19110401_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
Township.

Description. Tenant. i Late Hoary Neal. now 1 130203 in hand. "THE LIMES" Ur. John Renshaw f I • ASHFIELD" Mr Joseph S. Rigby 38'065 ' LAND. Do. 19 974 WHITLEY SAW MILLS Mr. Frederick Waltz,ley 9177 COTTAGE AND GARDEN Mr. Joseph Cliffs LAND, MEG LANE Mr. Fredetick Wa'msley 11887 LAND, POLE LANE ENDS Do. 22'504 COTTAGE AND GARDEN Mr. William Youd —.. "LAKE FARM' Miss Anne Ntild ,1 8511,2 LAND Do. 11'353 "LAKE FARM" COTTAGES Mr. Liresay Harrison 1 ot "AARON'S COTTAGES Mr. Ed. Foster and 1. Mr.. Jas. Plumb 1 Mr. Job Powell ' 11419 Do. 5'093 Mr. William Hulee 21840 Do. , 11'588 Mr. William Birkenhead 25009 klessm. Goulborn and 1 Ed. Plumb 1 Mr. Alfred Eaton Mr. Joseph Knowles' I 11084 Executors f Mr. Samuel Lightfoot 1.524 Lately occupied by 1 1901 , Mr. llichaid Lightfoot j , Mr. Samuel Parker

nigher Whitley ) Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Autrobas Do. Do. Hishet Whitley Do. Do.

"OIIEENBINK " and

" THE KILN " "CATCHMORES" " WELL FARM" LAND IS OLD MILL LANE FRANDLEY BROW FARM 2 COTTAGES A 3 GARDENS LAND OPPOSITE TO LOT 25 THREE FIELDS

Sevenosks Do. Sevenonks higher Whitley 'Freed ley, Sovenoaks 1)o.

Do. Whitley Reed I Do. Kippley Do. I "PEAR TREE COTTAGE"

ALLOTMENT " WIOANSLAKE "

Any of the above Lota may he sol.l in the manner of lotting, or divided, or joined, as may be declared ot the tune of Sale. For all information, printed piano and particular. of Sale, apply to die AUCTIONEERS, Bridge Street Warrington, or to

HENRY GREENALL Co. Solicitors, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0086.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
oirs

===== 0002601_19110401_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. of Lot.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Machinery

===== 0002601_19110401_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
To be Let

OUSE 10 LET.—. Wisruarr," Wbiterield rd. Herd, E2B.—A. blouse:lwo, " Epeortb," Whitefish rd., Stoehr-. flesh.

GI BEEHHO Ss to-Le., in Sisochostai insoles; I. £2ES ; suit smsli farolly.—Apply THE KV11.1,110, Higher Tempts st., C.-on.M., Alsocb.ster. ___ . _

0 BE LET, SHOP, WARF:HOI..‘rIE es.d YARD ex censor. sits ; Wars/Woo Br Idgs.—A poly P. RICHARDSON, Wire and Brush Works, \‘ s, 'mit, a.

4:2 HOP with do ening-house, m,c.,adjoining amallwaro, hosiery Amps in Bawsey at. : rent moderatc—Apply to J. SKF.I.LAND, 0411, Bowaoy at., or C. lIIIALICV, King at., Warrington. _ 36, GENERA!. STREET, rent 4s. 3d. For week. 57, CATHERINE STREET, rent as. per week.

SI, CA7 HERINE STREET, re,t O. 3.1. per week. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semLdetscht d Residenoe ; large garden ;suonj situation ; reduced rent. MARKET•OATE. Warrington, go,d Double Oeice, rnoe.t central position in.t, en ; good light; £l6.

43, NEW. ROAD, Rea t 44. 9d. pr wco k OF! SANKEY STREET, Werrioetfir, 2 Storey Ware- . . .

house with tart entrance, rent £l6. 64, DALLAM LANK, rent 41. SHOP AND HOUSE, 67, Wiawick•road, rent 94. per

week. 19, PI ERPOINT STREET, mot 44 Tor Ireek. 42. BRIGHTON STREET. rent 4a. Id. per weok. Apply ROBISIT LOWE, E.tata Agent, No.l Bank Stzest ,A'arringtoo. Tel-whose—No 55

TELEPHONE No. 1108. SMITH AND TI; ETON, Valuers. Estate. hemlwalS and Comtaitsion Agent., Mortgage Brokers, CRAMPTON'S CHAMBERS, BARBACLD BT., WARRINGTON.

"2671;6'i I LL ST pawl, brutitled, ss. per week. 3, FORD ST., se. psr work. 74 sod 84, ALGERNON ST., Is. 84. per eeek. HOUSES la NORRIS ST., Bath Ac., &AM.& 7s. I.eek 78, ORFORD AVENUE, 8.. 3d. per week. HOUSE, Orford Grams. Large garden, ss. 64. per week. NEW HOUSES, Hsllnelds rd., Gs. sod 7s. per week. 78, MARSH HOUSE LANE, Bath, er.e.d.c., 71. pas reek.

Lock-up Shop PADOATE 3e. per week. 39, ORFORD ROAD. Rent LT, yearly, clear. HOLLY BANK, Matitorough Crescent. Southerly aspect; fonr bedroom.; two entertaining rooms ; garden in find clam condition. Rent L3e.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 Acrew

===== 0002601_19110401_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SAIIIRDAY, APRIL 1 1911.

The Referendum Bill EXIT THE has been indefinitely

REFERENDUM. adjourned. This means that it has been post- poned to tle Greek Kalends. It is impro- bable in the highest degree that we shall look upon its like again. Mr. BALFOUR wasll

suddenly inspired, or suddenly driven, to pro-

ject the Referendum into the political arena just before the last general election. There were enthusiasts who believed that by doing this he would turn the then existing political situation to the advantage of his party. These belonged to the same class of politicians who hailed the result of the Bootle election as a proof that the Government would be badly beaten if it were to venture on another appeal to the country. The Referendum had never been considered when Mr. BALFOUR seized upon it in a moment of uncertainty and despair. There had indeed been a strong condemnation of it in an official Tory publica-

lion; but the bulk of Mr.BALFout's followers. we may be certain, had never heard of it

before. - It was caught at as a drowning man

catches at a straw. Mr. SPEAR fell in' love" with it. The serious-minded Lord BALFOUR of Burleigh deluded himself into believing that

a sham might be converted into a reality. He brought in his Bill, as is evident, in order to make it appear that the proposal of a Referendum was something more than the blowing of a bubble. And now his Bill has itself proved to be one of the bubbles of the hour.

What some politicians, hitherto !regarded

as men animated by a serious purpose, are prepared to do by way of wrecking the simple and moderate proposals of the Government is amazing. They call themselves Constitu- tionalists, and yet they would turn the Con- stitution upside down and mil it over and over to prevent a House of Commons with a Liberal majority 'getting the small thing it has asked for, which is fair play. Mr. Asquith proposes to give statutory from to the constitutional rule that the Lords must not interfere with finance, and he also,whilst leaving to the Peers large powers of revision and delay, has determined to put an end to a system constructed like the Bridges in Addison's fable, with trap-doors through which Liberal legislation drops into limbo, whilst Conservative legislation goes march- ing on safely to the other side. There is nothing revolutionary in this. It is nothing more, in fact, than reducing to writing what has until lately been the constitutional theory and practice. In order to wreck proposals that, from any point of view whatever, are

so little harmful,lLord BALFOUR is ready to revert to the most primitive system of government, and Lord LANSDOWNE asks for permission to trespass on the privileges of the King! There is something to be said for Lord BALFOUR'S now submerged Bill from the point of views of the Peers who have earned for themselves the title of backwoodsmen. If the Referendum were to be adopted, all

Oil;er-p-ro-pos—a-1-stlOeW of lOid LANSDOWNE

and those of the Government alike—would go by the board, and there would be no inter-

ferenee with the House of Lords as it exists.

The Peers would triumphantly ride out the storm. The backwoodsmen would remain where they are. The hereditary principle would be preserved in all its fullness and in all its crudity. Lord LANSDOWNE, on the other hand, would put the House to which he belongs through a sieve. All but himself

and some hundred or so of his friends and colleagues would disappear through the meshes, and there would then forward be a

House of Lords consisting of a fixed number of members, the Crown being shorn of its right to create new peerages except as vacancies occurred through the extinction of a line. What colossal impudence! What unbelievable exaggeration of the necessity of preserving the hereditary element in legisla- tion! To hold down the Honse of Commons with one hand and the KING with the other —this is the astounding dream of the States- man who, when he was at the War MCA was not capable even of dreaming that the Boers had horses.

We learn—after A SHOCK FOR inquirie and investi7

RATEPAYERS. gat ion which would have earned the praise of Sherlock Holmes—that the rates for the Borough are to be increased by the alarming sum of 6d. in the f, rais- ing the impost from 7s. 4d. to 7s. 10d. This will be unwelcome news in all quarters,whieh is possibly the reason why members of the Finance Committee seem to have been pledged to secrecy in the matter. There are no particulars available as to how the increase becomes necessary,and the anxious ratepayerd will have to possess themselves in patience until Councillor Wilkinson, the local Chancellor of the Exchequer, makes his Budget state- ment on Tuesday evening next. It is reasonable to presume that the aboli- tion of school fees and the increasing cost of Education are responsible (for one- third of the increase. Then there is the substantial reduction—wholly unjustifiable in many cases—of the assessments on bteweries and licensed houses ; and the expenditure which will be involved by the Coronation testi cities. Other causes may con- tribute to swell the total, but whatever the reason or reasons, we hope the ratepayers will pay particular attention to every item. With a rate which approaches Ss. in the pound they cannot view the future with equanimity.

Lord Lansdowne on To LIMIT THE Tuesday made the PREROGATIVE, dramatic announce- ment that he would move an address to his Majesty praying him to consent to the introduction of a Bill limit- ing the power and prerogative of the Crown in regard to the creation of Peerages and issue of writs summoning to the House of Lords. It is futile for the Tories to pretend any longer that they are anxious to protect the Constitution from innovation. They have now made this frank acknowledg- ment that they want to alter the Constitution in such a way as to infringe on the prerogatives, of the Crown. I is of course, a commonplace of constitu- tional law that the Crown's prerogative of , making peers is exercised on the advice of I responsible ministers. Lord Lansdowne's motion is extraordinary, not in itself, since any reform of the House of Lords, must pre- sumably, effect a limitation of this preroga- tive, but because when, in the last resort, it may be necessary for ministers to advise the Crown to exercise this prerogative in order to overcome the obstruction of the Lords, Lord Lansdowne's motion seems to be an appeal to the Crown to make this last resort impossible. Probably that is not the intention behind it, but it is at any rate a device for obscuring the real issue and entangling the direct lines of controversy which will not do any good to its author.

THE BEST TAILORING - IS THE CHEAPEST. The terestlals.of Good Tailoring ere SKILFUL CUTTING. CONSCIENTIOUS WORKMANSHIP, RELIABLE MATERIAL

Our constant aim is to embody these three principle. in all our production. and to .511 at the tomcat price consistent with the maintop. anoe of high-clms quality.

11. S. PAGE AND CO., 74, SANKEY ST., (Leon

===== 0002601_19110401_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARS. 3

Personal.

Vicountess Wollner hay given birth to a daughter at 3, Chester Gate, Regent's Park, London. Before her marriage to Viscount Wolmer, M.P., on the llth , of June last, lady Wolnar was the Hon. Grace Ridley, a sister of Viscount Ridley. Mr. and Mix. A. H. Crosfield, who are at Canres have taken their share in the social functiona of the place, and the other evening, when "La Tone." was given at the Casino Theatre, in honour of the Grand Duke Mivhael of Russia aid Countess Torby, enter- tained at dineer the Grand Duke and Countess Trrhy, the /la jai vi Pudukaa, Count and Countess Grote, Mts. Tennant, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Brindls, Count Bergsehen, Baron and Barck.ees von Heine-Geldetn, Alias Ellindi, Mr. and Mrs. George Singer, Mr. H. E. Taylor and Mies Simon. Mr. Crosfield is captain of the Canoes Golf Club.

VACUrM CLEANERS, price from 2tro to 7ga. For Mrs Set per S. OA ‘ND, Furnishing Ironmonger, Bridge Wheringtoo.—Ailvt. Warrington Territorials and the Coronetlon. The follouing yarawsEh relating ti his Majesty's Coronation appears in this week's Warrington Terri- torial Orders : It is notified for info-math n that the Battalion has been ordered to furnieh a detachment for the King'. Coronation in London, consiging of one officer and 25 men, all ranks. The orders also Mate that the annual Church Parade will take place on Sunday, April 9th, at St. Paul's Church, Battalion to fall in at the Drill Hall at 9.45,

Trooping the Colours. Lieutenant-Colonel Feirclough recently anode api.li- caCon to the Town Ball, Parka and Bath. Committee, for the use of the lawn in front if the TOSn Hall for the purpose of Tr( cuing the King's Colour on Coronation Day, but owing to the limited spec*, the Con mitres were of opinion that 'Victoria Park would be a more suitable place for this function, and it was resolved that the necessary percuiasion for the ore of Victoria Park be granted. Next Week at the Palace. Captain Spaulding deecribed as "the man who made Vesusius jealous " is the chief attraction next week. Ile will arc( mpliell several is markaile tricks curb as mellowing molten had, eating ending owax, etc. Other lucre will le Ihe WbitUogtonlrto, in a sketch eolith d "An it quisitive visitor " ; 'I he Three Orleans, vaudeville artiste.; lint Watd, remedy whistler end raconteur; Lilian Res., character MT title; Lily and Agnes, lancashite dueltate ; Sisters St. Julian, hermoniziog duettists and dancers; and Harry Nehon, comedian. The Warrington Society. . . .

A special gereral meeting of the stove society was old at the Old Academy no Monday evening, Mr. E. J ames Hall in the chair. It was proposed by the Chairman, seconded hy Mr. Josiah Longland and nanimously resolved That this society deeply regrets the death of the for. C. Harvey Cook, who was one of its, most valued membets, and desires to tenter its sincerest sympathy to ti e family in their tad hei eavi must." ) e fdlowirg get them were , e'ected Es noraiy rreml els cf Ibis society Lesers William long, J.P. iprt sident), J. Mahn Fdelsten, I J .P., Healy Greer all, sad Frederick Honks, J.P, • Wel n Edit-staid that those are the first honorary member!' who have teen elected, and that the compliment is inter did as a Fp cial )(cognition of the invaluable thrice, which they have rendered to the society. ,

Women's Liberal Conference

The Spring Conf—e—rence—Orthe Lancashire and Cheshire Union of Women's Liberal Association wa• held on Wednesday at 13uty. under the Presidenny of Ifni. Stuart-Brown. A resoluti g opposing rompul- ' Sor, maliteay set•ice ass c.rri,d. and other topics discussed fully .d freely. Ifts Osborne and Mis I'. Delaney were delegates from the Warringt, in Amocistion,and the Conft re, co sucepted an inoitatit from II rm to n erg at Wariington in October next.

CVcits. For oor loodino lio• et E 110, Valli' glo Wi- tted:J/30.4mA 50,51 to 55 Bridge al, Wanlogt on.-Adot

Yawl Llberale.—Debate on the Lend Taxes. At the neekly meeting of the Warrington Drench of the You, g !Amide held hut night nett in interesting eebrte tt k place It tw, en Mr. I 'arty New and Mr. It. G. Pier cunt on the justice of the laud taste, the former t.king the affirn atom. —Mr. New explaintd the laid tag.* in dethil, tail, gip dairies. at on the increment I tad undeieloprd land dutiea and also contetded that m ing r, rattle. we. a distinct hindrance to indi tor. It we. Le Raid, a grime injustice that nen who did not ti.k any fling ehen'd map the mitard of o hero' cal it I i ntra:ise. Mr. Pie point ans'ntained that the tale, were vim:retire. I It Ras n t fair, he.asid, that • rale who inrested, way, in i•ilieny smeks, sh old escape, sl trees t' •MO •1, owl eat 1..,d nnil I i-k, d 'tore sheuld lie hni di- rapped. lie thought that oltironte y the leio• eond fall ut on the househo'der. 'I he man elm word I nd and sold it at an inice lied rate had a I etfect tight to the iucrenent and if he had to pay Rhea he gatord it atisonly fair that he Monad be compensated when be !eet . Each of the speakers repliid atd others alto took part in the discussion.

GAanrwflotLnsn, at 27,6 each. LIMP Mower. 141S/- each, rtaivellous ye/tn.—Lean Mower. grrund by iCirrtl:laannrl'rhoirra„rS, tr.tirgetia7., Latchford Without Pariah Council. The annual meeting of the Latchford Withoot Parish Council wee held in the Bemire Schoolroom, Vv'aslclane, on Monday evening, the in mbera present being Mr. R. T. Fairclough (chairman+, Mr. W. I Roberts (vice-chairmen), Cnincillor Jackson Mohnen and Messrs F A Jenkins, Richard Gorton, and George Pilling (clerk) —An application for an inctease of salary was read from Mr. Joseph Sartb„ assistant overseer of the parish. It was moved by Mr.Jenki seconded by Mr. Gorton, that an increase of LID per annom be granted to date from September nth, 1910, each member of the Council supporting the propod- ti n. It WeR decided to erect an addidonal lamp io Oreenbank.ooad. A letter was read from Mr. II Lowe, Greenbank-road, calling attention to the COQ- -6,1011 of the footpaths. and it was decided to ask the District Council to maphall the footpaths ; also to +unguent to the tenants that they shoohl plant trees to beautify the district. A further communication win read from Mr. ltathbone, Fairfield-road, rolling attention to the nuisance of the free tip in Fairfield- road adjoining hilt house. All it is situated in the Parieh of Stockton Reath the Clerk, was instructed to write to the Council with the uhf set of prevenung paper and litter being tippet! ; also to stop children., playing and wading in the water. Academy Street Adult School._

- An exc.ellent paper wan lead by Mr. C. Woodham of Penketh Friend* Schoal la•t Sunday morning, on " Evolution." Evolution accepted by mat ientific men of the day, is " ordered change.' Such ordered change can be traced without Ingle omission in the one of the horse frown n animal with arms and hands possessing five fingers, and with feet roma ming five tom In fact, ecientiele trace all Ife to a tiny speck, a minute cell st tiro possibly indiaceri able to the naked eye, and embryology proves that human gestation is identical up to six or eight weeks with the higher ape and the dog, even in the matter of tail. The survival of the fittest is obvious in the long neck of the giraffe, which the lemurer took as a striking examp'e; as also a bird in the intermediate stage, pvtly eatled like • reptile, and partly feathered like a birtl, such • fossil can be Been in Berlin. Morality too, has evolved awl should continue to evolve. Morality did not commence with Christ's leeching, nor with the Ten Commandments. Although man has presumably reached his final physical stage yet the fact remains there are two factors for further evolution, teredity and variation, and the duty of intelligent people is to hater all that is tent in the perpetuating of the human species, Love M the noblest force of morality, and love with foresight and prescience will tend towards that state of evolutions approaching the Divine.

MOTOR BICYCLES. Bole nefeet fn r the eetebratee Premier " M.chinee. Trials end .11.1.7!or.roatio• free.

—IS. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st • Warrington.-Ad;ii Gymnastic Display, The annual musical drill, gymnastic display and distribution of prizes were held in the Borough Ovmnadurn on Monday evening. As usual there was a large attendance, who witnettaed with pleasure and admiration the sarioo. exercises and feats which were performed. And certainly Mr A Nlottram, the instructor, deserves great credit for the manner in which he has trained the members of the much desired gymnasium. Among the items submitted were the following :—Dumb-hello, row-rings, tug-o'-war (little boys and girls), rope climbing, club swing- ing e mper ition (little girl.), parallel bars ; pulling up competition (boys). Indian clubs (ladiee and gent's class), tug-of-war (big boys and girls), marching, Indian clubs, vaulting horse. Mi.. A Clayton acc,impsnied. During en interval in the programme the —Mayor (Dr. Joseph) said that in the days of his youth gymnastics Were not no popular as was now the case. He, however, indulged in physical culture, and attributed the good health he now enjoyed in a great merri,ure to folio* ing those exercises. Physical culture sae very valuable from many poinis of view. lithe muscles of the body were properly exercised a proportionate development of the mind should fd!ow. They had seen a great deal of character in the muscular movements that evening, namely, preciaion, pluck, courage, (rder and diacipline. By following those exercises beneficial results to mind as well as body were b- und to be attained, and he wan only sorry that wide advantage was not taken of the facilities which were offered at the Gymnasium. Tbe Mayoress (Miss Joseph) then presented the prizes as follows —Champion eight: 1, C Sinclair; 2, L Collier; 3, S Woods; I, T Slain; 5, 11 &we Sanders; 7,11 Morris; 8, H Furnival. Boys' dass 11, C Bell; 2, J Furnival ; 3, F Kinaley. Girls' C 1...: ! 1,0 Webb; 2, A Tyree; 3,A Grounds. Club swing- ' ing competition (little girls): Miss if O'Neill, Miss Pemberten. Palling-up competition (boy a) : C Bell. Amongst those present were Alderman Tinnion, Councillors Henaluall, Cunnington, Dickens n and Skelland.

DRISAS BASKET'S, 11)6, 21 6, 24 6. Special volue ID Heed tinge, T,llflk, Suit Cues, etc.—J. S. GARLAND, 5) to 55, B. idgiaat , Warrlogton.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday April 1, 1911

Concert at the !bleb Chapel:

the annual tea and concert sae held at the Welsh Chapel, Crosfield street, on Thursday evening. A large number assembled for the tea, i ad the tables were profusely decorated with the Welsh &MAI. The Mayor and Mayoress were piesent at tea Is the evening a grand concert was held when bin Worship the Mayor presided The first part of the I programme was as follows —Piar.ofoite silo, Mr. Trow ; aopran• solo, " Alone on the raft" by Miss Humphries. of Claret. (who T. ceivcd an encore and sang the Welsh song •' The little cuckoo "); violin solo, Alegretto from DI Coi.certn, Mr E Millington (encored) ; tenor nob, ' Anchored " by Mr W flughes (encored) ; humorous readings by Me H M Ashton (encored); contralto solo, " Nainka's" be Miss Davey (encored) ; bass solo " The." by Mr NlocArthur (encored) ; duets, Tell me gentle stranger "by Miss Humphries and Mr W Hughes (encored). At the interval the Mayor delivered his address in which he referred to the high quality and class of music that had been given at the meeting. Ile apoligised for the absence ofsAlderman Smethurst. One of the reasons tnr his accepting the invitation was because of his love of music and also for the happy nod pleasant holidays be had spent in Vacs of which the Welsh ought t be proud. He mentioned the patriotism of the Webb people, and said that generally the mat patriotic were also the most loyal and faithful towns- men. (Applsuse ) Part H. of the programme was an follows :—Piatiofoite sololfr Trow ; bass solo "Mvolo Shako,"MrJ MacArthur; humorous readings. Mr if Ashton (encores) ; contralto solo" The Valley by the Sea " by Vim Davey (encore/ ; evrano solo " The little beggar " Miss lifumpbrir• (encore) ; violin nob " Allegietto " from Bans Sitt Concerto by Mr E ; duet. " LJe's Dream is o'er. Farewell" Miss Davey and Mr. W. Hughes (encored). Mr. W. T. Williams J.P., proposed a VO6O of thanks to the Mayor for presiding and to the Mayoress for her greet-ince. Thin was seconded by Mr. D. James and heartily carried. Mr. D. James proposed the vote of thanks to the artistes and the ladle§ who had rendered their services at the tea table.. This was seconded by Mr. W. T. Williams.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSICAL SOCIETY'S CONCERT. BERLIOZ'S " FAUST."

I The Warrington Musical Society brought an exceptionally interesting season to • . brilliant conclusion on Wednesday evening t with a concert which, from every point of view, was worthy to rank with the finest ' achievements of the Socio.ty. The choice of the work for production was in itself sufficient ' to focus an unusual degree of interest on the event, for this nes the first time that Ber- bola " Faust " had been presented in our town. In the past it has not infrequently ' been necessary to deplore the unresponsive- I ness of the Warrington public to classical • inimical enterprises, tout on the present occa- sion there was no ground for complaint on that score, the hall being well filled with an audience which showed a marked discern- ment of the merits of the work, and niani- featly regarded its performance as • great , musical treat. Mention of the "Faust " legend inevitably conjures tip recollections of Chinned's more familiar work, hut a satis- factory comparison between his work and that of Berlioz is almost imposailile, the inethoda of treatment being entirely diffe- lent. In slulle respects Go ars version is undoubtedly the more attractive, for being conceived on broad, melodious lines of opera, it is more easily grasped by the average listener, and abounds in individual numbers of ear-haunting beauty that never fade from the memory. Berlioz appears to revel in complexities and intricacies, the object of which is not always clear, but his work is wonderfully and intensely vivid, and pos- sesses a massive, rugged grandeur all its own. The dominant impreasion left on one's mind Icy an interpretation of Berlioz's "Faust " is of the composer's consummate skill and resourcefulness in orchestration. His com- plete mastery of the means of producing a %mild) of tone colour and wierd and llllYX- pected effect is strongly evidenced through- out. Berlioz is the very antithesis of the conventional, the devices ehich he employs (often being of • bold and daring character. Similar lines are follomed in his choral writing, and to deal adequately with mime of the peculiarly involved choruses, in which a number of separate and entirely unrelated themes are worked out at the same time, mirk, the various parts heard in different ledpi, requires a most arduous as well as pa i notating and intelligent practice. Although there is room for difference of (opinion as to whether the end achieved always repays the strenuous meons adopted, all who heard the work on Wednesday must, at least, have been impressed by its mar- velhoimly graphic descriptive character and its power strongly to stir the emotions. The listener is irresistibly carried along with the flew of the music, which is equally effec- tive in depicting martial or contemplative mood., the quiet charm of pastoral life, the iinspeak•ble horrors of pandenionium, or ttie joys of the celestial realms. Never has the Musical Society more fully I.llrned whole-hearted congratulation and praise than on this mstasion. The breaking of new ground in a musical owns°, generally adds greater zest to amateur efforts, and ceder Mr. F. H. Crossley'a inspiring leader- ship, memlnors had addressed themselves with the most commendable determination to a • task bristling with difficulties, but full of interest. It mind at once be said that they were conspicuously successfol. Thanks to the reinforcement of the male voices, the balance of vocal tone was good, the attack was invariably crisp and keen, and in almoat every instance there was careful attention to the finer points of expression. 13erlioz's Faust" makes exceptional demands upon male voices, and the Society was streng- thened in this section by the welcome aid of the Warrington Male Voice Choir. As already indicated, the chorus work was of gooramount importance, amid the Society (yak indeed Collimate in being able to in.- ter ouch a fine body of voices on this occa- sion. The supremely exacting chorus of gnomes and sylphs in " Faust's Dream " remarkable for the simultaneous singing in different tempi—WAR creditably given, none of the parts being unnecessarily obtruded, although each was suflieiently distinct. In the beautiful Eaoter hynin, "Christ is risen on high," the pianissimo passageo were not quite as subdued as they should have been; otherwise the interpretation lacked nothing in interest and impreasivioness. The ni•li• voice choruses were characterised by great precision and vervewhich made them highly effective. One of the most trying items took the form of a curious interweaving of choruses (or soldiers and stud(onts, given with rare gusto and enthusiasm, but it would have been improved if the soldiers part had Piece declaiined with greater steadiness and distinctness, the lusty voices of the students tending to jormlominate. The mild and awe- some chorus of the demons in pandemonium gave the male members on opportunity to distinguish themselves, and they rose to the occasion in stirring style. The work of the three principal vocalists— Miss Emily !Deere (soprano), Mr. Lloyd (Condos (tenor), and Mr. Chas. Tree (bass)— confirmed the high opinions formed of them on previous visits to Warrington, Miss Emily Breare possesses a voice of great perity and flexibility, and she sang the Mariiiii•rita music in a utmost moving and expressive manner. Her beautiful rendering of the plaintive medieval song, "The King of Thule," revealed the true artistic tem- perament, and she infused exquisite tender- ness into "The calm of peace so gentle," the impressiveness of this item being greatly enhanced by the taatefid playing (of the con- spicuous passage for the roe anoldzia. Mr. Lloyd Chandos, as Faust, had a very heavy part, for not only did an immense amount of work fall to him, but Berlioz had such • high estimate of what can reasonably be expected from a tenor that the score is freely besprinkled with very high notes, sonic of them long sustained, for that soloist. Mr. Lloyd Chandos was fully equal to the demands of the hart. -He is a singer Inc excellence of love songs, and he achieved a great triumph in the passionate passages with Ilargherita. " I greet thee, gentle twilight," was charmingly sung, and the duet with Margherita, " Angel of heaven," was one of the gems of the c•vening—in fact, it would have litten impossible to interpret it with a deeper intensity of feeling than was thrown into it by Miss Brea, and Mr. Lloyd (Condos. Mr. Charles Tree has won such fame as Mephistopheles, in both Gounod's rind Berlioz's versions of " Famot," that the Society could not have secured anyone more competent to take the part. Mr. Tree's vocalisation wale realistic to the highest degree, and nothing could have been more appropriate than the sardonic burnout and unholy exultation which he contrived to introduce into the part. 31r. Tree's voice is of joist the requisite quality and compass to enable hini to do justice to all the music, but he was particularly good in the mocking serenade, "Prithee Katarina," the eccentric ditty, "They say a monarch mighty," and in the wild finale, during which he hurries Faust to the infernal regions. Another strikingly dramatic feature was the trio in which Maritherita, Faust, and Mephisto- pheles were associated. The rendering of Brander's song, "Once a rat guzzled in the kitchen," by Mr. J. B. Poole, a member of the Society, lacked power amid freedom. - Lastly, but by no means least in impor- , taint*, dile tribute of admiration must be , paid to the invaluable services of the (orchestra, which, underllr. It. H. Pearson's leadership, played with admirable unity of I purpose, and a thorough appreciation of the , spirit of the work. With zilch • large body of instrementalists. it was pleasing to notice that there was no over-playing in the vocal solos. One cof Berlioz's innovations is to , allot certain amompanimento almost exclu- sively to the wood-wind or to the brass instruments, a rich, organ-like tone thus

being produced. In one instance, stikePa this occurred, viz., in the introduction to Mephistopheles' air, 'Among the roscs,.. the trombones were somewhat unit of tune, but on the whole all sections of the orchestra did their work wonderfully sell. The special orchestral numbers were n iblight to listen to. A thoroughly spirited and finished per- formance of the famous " ltakoczy March " roused the audience to a high pitch of enthu- siasm while other choice items sere the " Dance of the Sylphs," which sot played with great taste and delicacy, and the wierd " minuet of the will-o'-tic'-sisps." , While all associated with the Society are entitled to congratulate themselves tumn the complete sinless of the concert, praise is in a special r 111•88111, due to Mr. F. H. Crossley, the capable conductor, for so pains- takingly piloting the members through tic.' many intricacies of the sork, and bringing this final enterprise of the season to such a gratifying conclusion.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RATES.

PROBABLE INCREASE OF SIXPENCE.

Tuesday will be the " Budget night " at the meeting of the Warrington Town Council and the Chairman of the Finance ICommittee (Councillor Wilkinson) will sub- mit the estimates for the coming year. For some time it has been recognized that owing to the rise of 21d. in the education rate and various unusual items of expenditure, an increase in the call upon the ratepayers would be inevitable.

We hear on good authority that the advance will be no less than sixpence in the making the total rates 7s. 10d. in the The present figure of 7s. 4d. is made up as follows :—lmprovement rate, 2s. Bd.; poor rate. 4s. 4d. ; sewers rate, 4d.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BRIDGES

Warrington Bridge and Howley Schemes to Proceed.

The Bridgt s Comm-litre net at the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, Alderman Smethurst presiding. The meeting was called for the purpose of taking immediate steps for the construction of the new Warrington Bridge and • sub-comni ittee vras a pisn nted to superintend the carryinfr out of the work. Several matters in connection with the scheme including the appointment of a resident engiaeer were discussed and referred to the soh-committee. •

flit committee also decided to prcceed at once with the erecti. it of the footbridge across the river at Howley. The Corpat alio° Dill will receive the Royal assent next week.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
MACBETH "

Shakespeare Commemoration at Warrington.

A pril 23rd is the anniversary of :•411a osportre's birtb day and on Monday, April 24th, a c mninettioratio . . .

performance of " Macbeth " will be given at the Royal Court Theatre Inc a company of wellholown local aster urn. headed my Jr. Law. Considerable interest is being taken on ilis p•oject, which is Trite unique in local dramatic annals, and it is hoped that the enterprise will be the fme-runner of an annual: Shakespeare festival in Warrington. The patrons include the Mayor 'lle Joseph), Viscount Wohner, Sir Gilbert and Lady Gieenall, and Mr. A. II Cror.field. There is every prospect of a 1110111111 f success Ming achieved for all et scorned are devoting themselves to the project with the utmost entlinsiasin and Dr. Law, who is a most accomplished expaient of Shakespearean characters and will play the title OAI., has gathered amend trim an excel tonally strong cast, including Mr. Darold Smith, 111. P., and Mrs. Robert Garnett. The tntire production is under the direction arid wage-manage- ment of Dr. lain and the scenery and appointruei..ta will bans a lavish scale. The pre erred. will be devoted to the Warrington Infirmary Million Penny Fund. The following la the complete cast :

Duncan, King of Scot . Mr H U Nlosleyland Malcolm 1 4 Mr Frank Richmond 1.0 Donalbain f Hi. n. Albs Dorothy Tiuslose Macbeth 1 Generals of the King's... Mr. Con,les Law Ranquo 1 Army Mr 11 NII Ashton Macduff Mr Harold Smith, 11.1'. Mr I'lllll'l Noblemen of Sootlind... L C Daimithmr lb as 1 Finance, Son of Hamm Mrs Charles Law Young Simard Mr T Simpson Seyton, an or.:oerattending on Macbeth Mr 0 Wheeler A Doctor Mr II Travis !Heeding Sergeant Mr C H Robertson A Porter Mr Henry Dallard First Nlessenger Mt A N Cheater Second Memenger Mr 13 Madeley

141 Murderer 2nd Murderer .

.. Mr R Johneor; Mr RC Hammond

let Witch

if! qtrvey 0 Adams

?ad Witch Mr mt. Roberts, 9rd {Vital Mrs Fronk Grillitbs Armed Head Mrli C Lawrence Bleeding Child Mira Glad. Adams Crowned Child Min Elsie Tunstall Lady Macbeth it,. RAert Darnett Gentlewomm attending on Lady lacbeth Miss Dorothy Browne Lsdiee.—Mrs C Garton Stone, Mi,. Mary Brundrett, Miss Aids Clarke, Miss Dorothea Bracecarop, Miss Constance HRH , Mi. Dorothy Hill, Mum (Mamie Jones, Mi.. I) 'lathy Waring. Soldiers Messrs 0 H anderton, R F Andert in I C Bardsley, II Bowc-Mr, Divim, S Hensh4l, L Ilenshall, 57 Ilardiman. C V Houghtm, D Travis, It Waring, R Walsh, A Walker.

The plan of reierved seats will be opened at the theatre box oflice on Smut,la, next, the OW insr, at 10 a. 113 and seats may be booked daily from 10 a.m. to! m., 2to 3 p.m. and 7.30 to 930 p.m. Mr. Arthur Browne i • the chairman of iha com- mittee and bon. treasurer, and Mr. J. W. lluden is the hon. secretary.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTENSIONS AT THE ELECTRICITY

WORKS

An interesting ceremony took place at. the Warring- ton Electricity Works on Thum evening, when Mr.. James Smethurst (wife of Alderman Smethurst, who in chaiiman of the E'ectricity and 'Tramways (remitter), started and nanssd the new Turbo-alternator, which ha• been built hy Urgers. llos den, Ltd., of Glasgow, to ' pe licat'on• of the Borough Electrical Engineer, 3.117 Mathias. The new maitre bas an equivalent power egos] to 3,000 h p., and the whole schema of extensions to the plant, including a new switch-hoard room, has cost between £6,000 and £7,000 The work hen been necemitste/ by the rapidly extend- ing use of electricity both for light and power in the town, and the plant generelly Is now one of the most complete and economical of any similar stoniclpal undertaking% . ..„ . .

Amongst...ribose present co DOI rufity were the Meyer and Matoreas, Alderman and Mrs Smethurst, Aldertn,n and hl,. Tionion, Alderman Bennett. Alderman Forshars, The It,. W It acecantp, Mr Wilson, of Cilairaow (representing the makers of the machine; and Mr Mathias (electric.' engineer,. ' The first part of the ceremony sm. hell In the worlo when Mrs. Smethurst. amidst enplanes., named the new engine King George V. Later congratulatory speed.s were node in a room at the week..

—Alderio;n S:•ETIIVR,r, in the come of a short address, gave some interesting details as to the progress of the Electricity Works. In 1905. he said, the plant capacity at the works was 1050 itilonotte; it watt now , 5,100. In 1905 the expenditure was .878,000, but now I it stood at £99,6112. Since the place 14119 etarted in 100,1 the nett profits had [teen .C 10,127 of which .82,000 hes been conttibuted to the rate.. The numb( r of units gtnerated in 1905 was 1,180,000 but this total no • exceeded a ,mething the three mink as. (liner, heart. The result of elect:lefty, the alderman cdtptinued, brought them nearer to the Ideal of. smoke nu town. 'Hear, beet, Aldernmo Ft/ /1,11 AN. prop. Ked a rote of thanks to m Alderan methurat, his committee. and the staff, and Aldermen Ilsmerrr seconding, said that if all the 11:mnufsclurers in Warrington followed the Corpora- tton's ex/Ample tLey would Mitre a more beautiful and healthy tows.

The ILA lOR supported and urid that during the five leers the Electricity Works had been in existence they bad roadie tepid propene. Meer, hear,. Light,/refreetuaeorn were afterwards nerved.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTES FOR WOMEN.

TOWN COUNCIL ASKED TO PETITION THE GOVERNMENT.

Alderman W. Pierpoint and Councillor T. S. Steel have given notice if their intention to move the following resolution at the meetiag of the Town . Council on Tuvaday evening nest. That thin Council, ee he only body reprenenting the women ratepayers of the town, dd petition Ilis MI6 nte'• Government to . . .

, grant lecilitiee at an early date for extending the rarlismentary banchise t women ratepayer... the lines of the Parliamentary Fiancliise (Women) Bill, 1910, which on the 12th of July. 19111, Leased its second ;ending by a majority of 110, The e anmittee n! the Wwrien's Liberal Association have passed a resolution earnestly requesting the Town Council to adopt the above resolution THE CONDUCT OF THE METROPOLITAN

===== 0002601_19110401_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
POLICE.

The following resolution of the Wouneu'a Liberal Associat;on has i CII communica.ed to Mr. Asquith and Mr. Winst n Chutchill and an acknowledgement has been received from the Horne Secretary 1— " That this Aseociatinn, having read with much coo- corn the published evidence regarding the conduct of the Metropolitan Police in November t 'words deputa- tions a women, in of r pinion th it in into of the gravity of the ch egos and the large numbers of resrectable worm n mho have brought these forward, it is essential that a ',oldie Oifllitv be held to ascertain the fact,"

===== 0002601_19110401_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHURCH SOCIR(Y.

The Lenten Addressns.

The Lenten addresses at Th.. Parivh Chnrrh were con- tinued jest, May, nlint the It., It Cat rend I, rector of Xliddlyton provrhed to crowded r ongregations of women in the afternoon anti men in the evening. At the •fternoon retake for uoment h• took as his subject the • obla I. •rti I will follow Thee. hot—." M•ny people. nowedays, he said, slid that they were Christians 1 they believed in the lid Almighty and they imagined thn'n. all they hod to do to gain ever- lasting life. They ore write willing to ha tbrietians lit did not require nay special ser•iv Ftntertainment he continovd, was rapidly tatting the place of true religion, and many p.op'n in their sedreh after amuse, • meat only gave a very little time to the worship of God.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

W 110111\610N, WanNaso•ir. Pm asSl F.ons, 10 end 11. LARG II Sours, le 44. FRUsH Burria, 1s 3d and SMALL Sol.ta, In. Is 1d Mangan CAPONS I. Ceisasit, 74 and Bd. DrearY...a .1. 64 each RA MOTs, IA and le. 24. 8, Tnorp, Is 44. POwl..s (couple) 45 ed to 7. 64 I.r.sroN SOLON, IBd. DUCKS (009)1e), RA to KA 64. HALIBUT, In. POTATOES •• to N. • load. COD. 61. BIUtP,7II to 104 per lb. Dear, 6d. Illyrron, (Id to 101 per lb. tin, r, 64. nod id. Pont, 74 to 10d. per lb Lonvraits, 1. 104 VBAL, id to 11d. Boles., Is. each. Ps11111111(. 6,3 s 040 brace. Wenn MI. 'Aro+. IS el ALMON, Into to 24 Rd. Evr.,uoqrn IlsoPoca,Bd. BRILL, 84. Wersr.-4. 44 to 1s 4Ld per 7011341. OATS 4 pi to 21(6,1d per 111bs. Ssooo, .C 2 to .C 2 to per ton. C[nvan HAT.—E 4 to £4 ros per too. XX FLorn.-224 61. per 210 lb.. BRAN —10;4 per 21111 m.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WEEK'S HOBBY.

A CHESS OR DRAUGHTS BOARD.

The chess board hese illustrated and de- scribed will be found strong and serviceable, and, if carefully made, will have an appear- ance almost equal to inlaid work. Procure a piece of white chestnut wood 19. inches siquare and about threeeightlis of an inch thick. Plane and sandpaper the learnt until quite fat and moon], and are that the edges are squared off true all round. At a distance of 14 kWh from the edge snake a faint line with 11 hard lead pencil all round the board um shown at •, using • ruler in order to keep all the litres straight. This will leave a space which mind be equally divided into lid squares of 11 inch each. Draw a line at a quarter of an inch from the edge all 1.011,1 us shown at B. and antitlicr at a distance of LI inch from the edge as shown at C. These ere the border lines, which are afternwrila tilled in with stain as slums at the other side of the diagram, which represent, half the hoard whea 1-01111,1ete. When all the lines are drawn as shown, give the Imiard • coat of shellac, and when dry rub gontly down with fine glams- paper. ff.vving procured a sharp knife and a steel straightedge, go over the pencil marks slowly and carefully, making a clear, even cut. Do this with great care. and don't go over the name line twice. Rub the board down again with glasepaper, and give it another coat of shellac.

..... . When dry, every alternate square, to- g,ther with the two herder lines, must be filled in with elmny ataio, using a camera

hair brush. Be c•reful not to go beyond the knife lines, otherwise the trace effect sill be spoiled. When thoroughly dry the board should he French polirdied, or it might have another coat of shellac. Two pieces of wood about II ice he. long by 2 inches wide, and a quarter of no inch thick, planed smooth and neatly screwed to the underaide of the board across the grain will prevent warping and add to its strength. Glue two piece; /4 green baize on these at rips. Thin will prevent the board marking or scratching anything upon which it may be placed. "

1111 M • WM IWO • a - MI • C. MESE MUM II II MIMEO • 111 I ,

===== 0002601_19110401_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
A PANORAMA.

A very amusing and instructive panorama. may be made without a great deal pen.. providing that you can do a little fitting together. Obtain two pieces (.4 wood, Wt. On, long. wide, and Om thick; also two piece., lit. Bin. long, the same width and thickness,

..... Nail theme firmly together at the corners, thus making a erns( frame. Next, pp. ..ire a new broomstick, which will cost bot a trifle, and cut too pieces from it pod the length to fit in the frame. 'Hose rollers, of assume, will hair 10 turn round, and so slutuld ba fixed in with pieces of strong wire. The bottom fastenings. which are of no great length, can be made of Zia. wire nails with the beads filed off. Th., top ones most be longer. haring also to form • handle.

Fix the rollers alsnit an inch and a halt from the ends of the frame. This done, your frame i• complete. Now you want the sheet to paste your pic- tures on. Common calico makes the beat. It should be lit. Pin. wide, and as long as yon please. Eight or nine yard., with pictures on both sides, make • good panorama. Each end ,of count, must be firnil nailed to the rollers.

A for the pieturee, old megazines or Nrill eupply you with plenty. Tbe pier look better coloured.

The "Old Fox" Inn is after all to be preserved, and re-erected in some other part of the town when the purchase has been ' completed. Thus has the Street Improve- ment and Highways Committee decided.

IP

===== 0002601_19110401_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
7.44- WARRINGTON ' -'=;=k' Ch. r 3 C RTS t) r urcn vys RELIGIOUS e-SOC/ALI, Police Court. Ms, ward in the chairr, Alder. T Pemberton and A J Jolley. —Fred Owen, no settled abode, left of • trowel, the property Igernoonrstreet, Warrington.— .ho is a bricksetter. wan ings in L:beeter.road on March work in the evening he placed I left it in • shed. On return- morning he found the tool II on prisoner, and be gave a. Prisoner ma. arrested, and dy admitted he had stolen and en was fined On. including moment. Inn. in the chair) Alderman lolton, Conn, illors Wilkins n ,W. Roberta, S. Wright, s. viereos.n.—Frank Connolly, a being drunk and diaorderry, cab driver named Creenough urvell, cab proprietnr, and trough stated that he was street about 12.30 on Sunday t hold of the horse and pot going. Witnees asked him Ire anewered that he did not rd him get out vaherenpon bl tore his coat. —Th. ( • C. molly was searched a • per- on.—A tine of On. in in all was impoaed the hard labour. ego of dr twirling his wife short Henry Cntteral.—M r Warrington Union, stated February 171 h, brit never ded at Neweeatle-underr hat ha had work to go to nonth. r Henry Roberts (chair' uting sad Councillor Ce njamin Sham, employed Manchester, won charged rt unattended. Captain tarp 25th he was driving ne, when he now a cart d unsttended. Ile told d wait for the owner to I.—The Chief Constable her of complaints about M. was mulcted in iho J. IlTmer Young T. Williams, and Dr. rge Fearnley, of no loitering on enclosed on March 22nd, with as stated by the Chief ,ht itt question a noise ve. Without disturb- be Police Station mad of the house. P.C. back premiaes, poked tan a bundle of straw, ho wee hanging with y was arrested and earched a pick-lock table knife was also Iris, added the Chief roperty of • lodging reet, where prisoner leaded guilty to the months with hard trick Flerningothen St ha was not tirkink a police constable very drunk mid sin lining Fleming e tuna who should I story wan related I Welllngtonvitreet • being an habitual no order.—Swift drunk. When in iture, sonretimes dded, she put her Defendant 11l made to do so.— rd ; site has even dignently denied ;istr ate, lecided 'er with 12r. per oracterising the vs magistrates. Voulding, 14, with obtaining and Knowles • toed 20s. and neat. lING. have, during lenable local I sportsmen rf thi• sport, gone on math in the considering ng England • 5, as the Iternationa I y last, Chris ust be well er most e has twice mpiosehip nn, worn- ry, Mr. (S. during overnight tiny well rda of the mself and hem, but e nnay re I has had reins of lens sad be con- Balance and wll Iwo-lap L The know- the 74 to 4e. !4 0 4 31,31 32), r lands ,47), heed ' 014 ck ne ic g I t ( • 1 • 4 1 •

Photo]

{Mtintz, Son//rport. reE REV. G. W. DICKINSON, VICAR OF PADOATE. . .

Church worn in the growing district of Padgete is making excellent progress under the leadership of the Rev. 11. W. Dickinson, M.A.. who has been Vicar of Christ Church since 1908. The church itself ia pleseantly •ituated amongst the trees in the heart of the village, its serviceeare brialit and devotional, and the Sunday congregations sre large. The Rev. G. W. Dickinson is one of those energetic, genial personali- ties who by an example of devoted work inspire others to active service for the Church. and helm the support of a united, enthusiastic and of lay workers. Mr. Dickitirim was born at Hampstead. London, hie father being a brieinees man in the metropolis. Hie education was received at Dulwich College, (bindle School, Northamptonshire, and Trinity College, Cambridge. Mr. Dickineon obtained the degree of B.A. in )891, end M.A. in 19)0. Ile wan ordeined deacon in 1891 i by the Bishop of Liverpool, his first enracy being at Walton-on-the-Bill, Literpool, whese he remain, d until 1898. For nix months he was chaplain on the ship " Conway " moored in the Mersey. In 1898 Mr. Dickinson was appointed curate at the Warrington Parish Church where he laboured with great accept• once until 19115, his work amongst tho young men earning hits special regard and esteem. He left War.ington for St. Oswald's, Chester, in 19135 and stayed in the old city for twelve montlm when be became curate at Holy Tliniry, Southport. In 1908 the living of Parlgate became vacant by the prefer- ment of the Rev. W. Pollock-Hill to St Thomas', Aehti n-in-Makerfield, and much satisfaction was felt in the parish when it into known that Mt. Dickinson was to be his successor. Mr. Pollock Hill left the church in a flourishing condition and dining Mr. Dickinson's vicariate it haw not only maintained its position but important ! steps forward have been made. The endowment fund has been increased by £l2 and repair, to the church and vicarage have been carried out. The number of communicants is steadily advancing and there is a communicants' guild which holds meetings every month. The Church Institute is in a very flourishing state and the parish has now a company of the Church Lads' Beigarle, in charge of Mr. Johnstone, of Middleton. The Mission Church at Vl'orilaton is also the cslitre of much devoted work. Mr. Dickinson has no curate, but in the conduct of the miesion services he receives highly appreciated arsistance mom las men. pr minent amoug•l whom are Mess, London. Charlesworth and Darby. There is a second communi- cants' guild at Woolston and the mission is making

hadn't; in every respect. Mr. Dickinson takes; keen ihtetsst in athletics and sports generally, but he is particularly lad of hockey. Whilst at Cambridge he iv., secretary f the hockey club there end he has alto played with the laocashire end North of Erg- land teams. Ile is an enthusiastic golfer and is a member of the Warringt a Golf Club.

ti.2ll.in;• 77.

an easing Christ NVbo ••• tl • in•isiltle, •nd would MI him with enlarge. Destrr9ing the bridge. behind him I he could not ro henkstrds, list most so forward, strong in the Lord, tnli I Cbrintinn emorite. •nd training, and to !neare la a good soldier. lb. ft isms Spruce. Jone• •nd Woo, and tang n.cet tat etly " (lid that med.t south and I e•mn "and Litt thine f. 4 to the hills." bit. IV. IL Payton, Mos. ftc, mean el at the ortan. Mr. J1.1,1h Out n lard Slt. A. llowley PIP, took part inii., nrnt,og. OLP new member ..c.ited a htmrty welcome. A note of Pympathy sus parsed to NI.. Cock and fatt.ily u, thu 1111,11 Of the It., C.

Llin the = OURTS

%if

===== 0002601_19110401_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Borough Police Court.

SAT ROA T.—Mr. J.—W. Ilay word (in the chair), Alder- man Tinnion wed MeasrsT Pemberton end A J Jolley. Trievr or A T ROW EL.— Fred Owen, no settled Rhode, was charged with the theft of *trowel, the property of John Mello., of Algernoon-street, Warrington.— Prosecutor, it appears. who is a ,briclisetter. was employed on some buildings in t.S.brater.road on March b, sod on having his work in the evening he placed the trowel in his bag and left it in. shed. On return- ing to work the folloning morning he found the tool one. Ilia stupiclotts fell on prisoner, and be gave in:ormstion to the police. Prisoner wag arrested, and on being taken into custody admitted he had stolen and pledged the trot-el—Owen wee fined Ifia. including costs or seven days imprilionmenr. l'ilosoa V.—Before the Mayor in the chair) Alderman Porshaw, J. Tionion Bolton, Coon, Mors Wilkins o and Minn. li. Pilling, W. Roberta, S. Wright, 11.

rii;;;;;j; ' A DI,SAPPOIOO6t) PASSENGER.—Fronk Connolly, a stranger, was charged with being drunk •nd disorderly, and also with swat& ing • cab driver named i.rernongh in Or employ of Mr. It unveil, rob proprietor, and damaging hia cont.—Greenough stated that he was riving along llorriernarket-street about 12.3000 Sunday miming when prisoner got hold of the horn and pot into the cab whilet it wan going. Witness asked bins where he wnnted to go •nd Ire antlered that he did not know. Greenough °sweated him get out whereupon prisoner stuck him to ire end tore his cost.—Th.Chi•f Codatable stated that whin Ccnnolly was searched a sum of 25a. MASI found on hi. per, on.—A tine of n. in each Me, and or rt. (2.811. in all won impoaed the •Iternstive lining one month hard labour. Wire. Insgwriois.—A charge of di sorting his wife nod children in• preferred against Henry Critteral.—Mr ' Shrine who apprised for the Warrington Ullioo, stated that pririoner went away on February lilt, but never returned. If. was npprehended at Newantlewinders 1.3 ne.—On prisoner writing that he had wort. to go to the case was adjourned furs month. TunricY.—liefore COUTICiIIOT Ilenry Roberts (chair- man/. red Mel. Rymer Young and Councillor Cs

Jackson Holrnes. - A CARTY... OM, F.—Benjnmin Fit•w, employed by the Set.ce and Pickle Co., Manchester, was charged with leaving his torso and cert unattended. Captain Shepherd stated that on February 25th he was driving a motor car town lestteratiy-lane, when he saw a cart on the wrong aide of the road unattended. He told bin servant to hold the horse and wait for the owner to return. In time Shaw returned.—The Chief Constable stated that there had been a number of complaints shout that sort of thing —Defendant wan mulcted in the cats -I tit:netts Y.—llefcre Messrs. 1 Rymer Young tchairman). W. Roberts, W. T. Williams, and Dr.

Node, A Cuntor's rOblTlON.—Hoorge Fear'sley, of an Fettled abode, was charged with loitering on enclosed premises at NO, Parker-street, on March 22nd, with intent to commit a felony.—lt was etated by the Chief 'Conatable that at 10.40 to the night in question a noise was heard at the lock of the honee. Withent disturb- ing prisoner • loy was sent to the Police Station fowl three r flicers 'lilted the back of the house. P.C. Corlett, whilst searching the hack premises, poked with his helmet what he thought was a bundle of straw, tut which proeed to be prisoner, alit, was hanging with his feet en the slates. Fearirley was arrested and taken into custody. On being searched a pick-lock was found in his possession and a table knife was also found at the lock of the house. This, added the Chief Constable, was found to bathe property of • lodging house keeper in hose and Crow- -street, where prisoner had been staying.— Fewnley who pleaded guilty to the offence was sent to prison for two months with hard labour. Nrruor.v DF UNK.—Jobn Petrick Flemingorhen charged with being dronk,replied that he was not Irkink hut very nearly. It was stated by a police conatable that ashen ed Fleming was very drunk •nd exceedingly ablisive.—The Chairman in fining Fleming 10s and costs maid he was one of the men who should cot be left alone in decent society. AN HABITUAL DRUNK A RII.—A Fad story wee related lathe bench when Joseph Swift, 74, Wellington-street Warriugten, charged his wife with being an habitual drunkard and asked for a sepsratien order.—Swift stated that his wife an. continually drunk. When in drink she would break up the furniture, sonfetimes breaking it on him. Last week, he added, she put her bind through the window twice.—Defendant : If I have drunk it is brealue I hare been made to el, so.— The husband : She is so jealous minded ; the has even followed me to sorb—Mr.. Swift indignantly denied that she habitually drank but the magistrates lecided to grant the husland • separation order with 12r. per week maintenrince, tl.• Chairman characterising the case ass very painful one. FairrAN.—llefore the Mayor and others magistrates. FALSE ParreNcies.— Thomas Goulding, 14, Jockey-street, Warrington, was charged with obtaining by false pretences fri m Meesrs. Pearson and Knowles Company. the aum of Ll.—Goulding ens toed 20s. and costs,R2 in all, or one mouth's imprisonments

===== 0002601_19110401_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING

THE " NATIONAL"

The doings of Warrington Athletic Club Mee, doting the season just closing, evoked considerable loos! interest, and on Saturday last msny local sportsmen who hitherto hare tab, n little notice of this sport, could be heard enquiring " How has Yore gone on ?" Well ! Vote's parchment scrip reads " sixth in the actual ;ace and fourth for his country," and considering the recy high standard of ability representing England I, Ireland 2, Scotland 3, France 4, Welts 5, as the placings read at the conclusion of the international • once, at Caerleon, near Newport, Co Saturday last, Chris Vose's clubmatts and fellow townsmen must be well satisfied, m indeed is Vow himself. After most successful, if mactinp season, in which bobs, twice -felt the pride of bringing an individual championship to "IA ireopolis."

===== 0002601_19110401_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW VO,L FARED.

Left Bank Quay at I.lb on Friday afternoon, accom- panied by the club'e indefatigable secretary, Mr. C. Berry, whose attention to training opetatiocs during the season has been second to none ; stayed overnight at '2hellenlum on Friday and Saturday got fairly well away in the race in which when oithin Mt yards of the leadeni another runner brought grief to himaelf and Vora., by pulling a loose fence on the top o• them, but as the latter says it is all in the game, end be may he nearer the winner on another occasion. Boris has had ck previously and no one was more deserving of the medal this time.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
NOVICR TFAM RAF..

At Matto Heath On Saturday last St. Helens and District C.C.A. held a team race for novices, the con- ditions being sin to run and four to count. Distance about sin miles. Thirteen teamn had entered and all turned out to follow trail over a two-lap mums in which road end plough were plentiful. The strong and cold wind blew the roper shoot and know- ledge of the locality ens a valuable asset of the 74 starlets, of whom 50 finished. Time Min. Sec.

I E Mercer, St Atsatin's 2 J Gavaghan, Sacred Heart A 99 30 3 .3 Fillingham, St Helena P.C. A 39 54 Club Piaci ngs.- 1, Sacred Heart" A" (2 6, 7, I 6), 31 point.; 2, St Helena Pariah Cburch . A"; 3, 4, 14, 32), 53 ; 3, Werringtow A.C. (9,11, 18, 24), 62; 4, Ryland. W.R.C.A. (8, 15, 25, 28), 26; 5, Sacred 11ea...11 " (23, 27, 29, 90) 1(9; 6, St Helens Rens A " IS, 21, 44,47), 117; 7. Sutton " A" (19, 31, 33, 32, 118; 8, Havenbead B " (20, 34, 39, 42), 135, St Muth's, Revenhead A•• St Helens Parish Churth B," St Helens Bees " II," and Sutton "13," did not flnish and were unplaced. The race ens keen throughout grout interest being shown by a large concourre of spectaters and the °Melt- ing I inter of the competitors will rive rise to almost ter much argument es the internathrtml. Herding no well for Rylartels who felled to fulfil expectations. Warrington was the only team to finish six runners. ITEM, OF INTERE,I.

..... The" National" (Pam faces the camera at 4 o'clock this afternoon on the Cricket ground. AR a e Athletic eplit threatens to curtail the opporttioities of the local lads Warriogton Athletic Club have under connideration tho promotion of • scrim of intericlub e wests and members races at merlons distances in connection with which it has been suggested that all amateur athlete., desiring to take par', and particularly those residing within 10 miles of the club', headquarters should at once apply for membership stating their special branch of athletics whether cycling, running, salklng, jumping. Mc., as in (hie way it is hoped to provide more and hitter opportunities, especially for :ionic., of developing their athletic abilities without incurring heavy expense a. This commendable prop-east has many points deserv- ing of encouragement and those interested would do well to communicate early with Mr. C. Berry, 9, Bed- ford•streset, Stockton Heath, so that suggesetions of members and intending members may have consideration for the initial effort which It Is hoped will be ventured shortly after Easter.

" Ito•ril " blur teen Re arded Lb. Diplome delloonenr (the hiaboot award) at the international Cookery Extribi t ton, Perla

" KLINN,' so Inorganic Cell:loot, Binding, Filling, dr.c. Wittor.sods water. 6d, post free.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
St John s Presbyterian Church

In or notation wit l lie Boom ler -to nteary lb • Roy . William Hee! I.llit at otoiar•liltiolanetb, et linen,,,- tie not e hot Sooday. with the history of tho t e— lation of the tulle tutu En 6 I oh. Mr. Reel soid the kloderator I ail in a lett, to the ruin tars of their church csl'ed Iv Leath n to the loct that the Pp', it 1.1411 ~im of the ter-renter arc rel, broth n tie re imptera tirom Englith speaking poor le the del, they owe to the Bible, end to urge that it le re 41 or leer.- 01W fatly end prii ertully nod whede thc et. o erd oil The English little, aid Slt. It, id, did riot c • come into tandem, nun complete and I ref. ct • ork bet ora a growth. lyrist hardly ond CI rimegn ordinances had existed in thia c tiro ry for hondrids of 'errs heloa the reeves poserreed 11,1 Sripi it em In • !mega on they mold adv rand. Goieg very far ark th• y found that various at ierrina were nt tdc by [leans of metrical versi, us, or pareptassos, to r iffro• the knowledge of pinions of the eacred a it biro. Obi iv 0,0 A MS tow-held mimed Cii•dmi n. of Whir hi, c mposed such yeas', the lint 10110 0101111 retirble intortuatii n es 14... Niel- the ch se of the Rih contury the Vettermtile Bede, did excellent work, transla• log the Apatles' Cned, Lord'n Proxer and some of the gospels. Next come royal tranaltter, .411 red the Great followed by .Efric. Ily the invaions of the Dares End Normatiri the work received a check, which wash however, only temporary for by nal by came Rolle who died In 1331 Following him there tyrtoJiihnlVyclifT,the woo who'll God raised up to tratinlate the whole bible Into Englishothich Wycliffe had done by about the middle of 13312. Great opposi- tion woo encountered and no bitter eras the feeling against Wycliffe sod Iris troth that 40 ye.. after hie death bia remain. were unearthed, burned and ant Into the Swift. Wycliffe's am the first complete transla- tion, and the ring by • handrod years in any European langunge. Between the time of Wycliffe and the next great translator • period of 100 yearn intervened during which interval prititing was introduced, aiid the revival of learning 'prang up. The man destined to !Int use these facilities offs William Twlttle, oho was born about 1491. He wan persecuted,aud eventually suffered martyrdom, Next to follow was Milers Catrdole, whose Bible woo the (Rat printed Englieh one. Then came klotthew's Bible in 1597, followed by Tayerner'a, and in 1539 there come the "Great lbble," so called from the size of its folio. This Bible, Crom- well, Henry VIII:. Minister, ordered the clergy to net op in the church°, Then Clll9O the Geneva Bible, tsar-misted by Britiob exile, who gathered at Geneva This tronslat ion showed scholarshipand inspir air n. and became the household Bible. IS WAS the first Ilible printed in Scotland, and the Scottish Parliament passed ox Act requiring every householder, poteraed of tartmin MSIIIOI. V 1 provide hirnself with a copy. whilst the Grata! Assembly of the Church of Scotland fixed the price ot 14 13a, 4d. Scottic Referring brolly to the Iliahopte Bible and the Donal Bible, Mr. Reid sold they came to the Authorised Veralon in the reign of James (. (of England). The 'lncept. Court Conference was called mod a new translation resulted Thie was in 1611 end it Won Lot twill 1070 that the Convocation of the Church of England sanctioned a revision. The translation of the authorised version was ably carried out by a group of 47 translators, who divided ! themselves into six companies the work of each I section being carefully scrutinised. Let thsm connider the piece the English Bible had taken in English life. Suppose they took the Bible out of 111111/1C or ort what ...odd he left? Think of how the Bible lead net and fixed a standord of apeech of the pure words which they could not lake into their lips without realising they were sacred words. La them think ohat the Bible hal been for the people, how it had uplifted them, how it hod changed the w hole face of the life of the country, of how it had sustained such liven as those of Gordon, Livingstone, and many unnamed heroes. It was only when they come to think of these things that they realised what the Bible had meant for their native land. Might they ever value it and teach others whom they CBlllO into coritacit a nih to xci do.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Cairo street Unitarian Church. The Late Rev. C. Harvey Cook.

Reference ens made last Stoutly- at Ciiro-strr et Liniter;an Church to the Rev. C. Ilsrvey.Cook, whose rycenr death is lamented try the two generally. At the close of hi sormon, which dealt mainly with the question of immortality, the Rev. 11. D Rontrurs, of Liverpool, said that there woe one who seemed to enter . _ .

into the fellowship of Got thoroughls, es et child entered into fellowsnip with its tither. That was his _ .

religion. Into it could enter no frier of death, no conception t f death as any finality, end at the supreme moment, when earthly scenes faded from hig eras, be said " Father, into 'Thy hands I comment my spirit," and no he panned int the unknown. Ile hod no unoinestioning certainty as to that. The fruitful, finished life peened into greeter fruition, the weak, undeveloped lile toward. greater development., the thwarted,st anted life to another eduction. Thew beard the beoutiful language used at the funeral service on Friday last. Cherie. Harvey Cook gets the pastor of that congregation for eight years. They learnt how he had dttermined to ore his talents in the service of his God,and they knew that through ill-health be struggled on genially and brnvely to do the work which lay to his head. They knew how fearlees he was for all reform, how ho bore in his heart the love, not only of God, hut of his fellow-men ; they knew that the tirne was never out of season for him to say the word for the right and on behalf of the oppressed and weak. Ile could only speak ne be was able, he could only give forth as he had the poser, end they heti 'serf that the God whone epirit was in him hid said " Well done, good and luithful eervant, enter late the joy of Thy Lord."

Having concluded his sermon the rev, gentleman read the following letter ishich Mrs. Hervey Cook dedred biro to read to the congregation t—'• 17, Palmyra- square, March 25th. Nly dear friends,-011 behalf of myself and children I want to thank you collectivet y and individually, for the generous expression of sympa- thy you have shown to us to our time of trial sad to assure you that it has greatly helped on to tear our heavy 1 urden. Words are inadequate t ) express what lain our hearts, Lot your loving sympathy is sincerely appreciated.—Youre ever gratefully, ELIA \llrnver Co K."

_ When the benediction had been pronounced a special meeting of the congregation was helti in the chapel and Mr. F. W. Mona moved a resolution of sympathy with Mrs. Harvey C sok which was a. follows -" That we. the member• of Cairo-street congregation, desire to express our great grief and lon in thy death of our minister, the Rev. Chart. Harvey Cook, sod so tweet- fully offer to Mrs. larvey (7ook and family our Sincere sympathy with them in tic ier I eeeeeeeeeeee under such sad circtinatances." Mr. Monk, aid if there ever was a man to %Isom the word sincerity could be ttpplied it was their late minister, al no one could come in con- tact with him without being impressed by his simplicity, sincerity and earnestness to do the work which he thought lay before him. The service in that church on Friday last Rasa splendid tribute to the work their late minister had done in the town, soda tribute %Writ be na very end to tee, as showing how he had been appreciated. Ile hoped and felt that in adopting the resolution he had submitted they would show their appreciation of their valued minister and friend, who wore himself out at aroroptaatively early age, in trying to improve the lot of his fellow-men. Ile (Mr. Monks) happened to know that the death bad been precipitated to some extent by the self-artifices their minister had made. There bad been tinses n hen ho had gone with- out food is order that someone else should have some- thing to eat, choke thought needed it more than he did himself. In that any he did his work practically and thoroughly. The motion was carried in silence, the congregation standing.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey-road Wesley Guild. Rev. F. W. Kenn& on '' Oliver Cromwell."

The Ilea. F. W. Kernick, M.A., delivered an interest- ing and educative address on "Oliver Cromwell "at the weekly meeting of the Bewsey-road Week.) Gelid held last Monday evening in the Lecture Hall adjoin- ing the church. Alr. Lain Cpwin J.P., presided over a large attendance which Mr. Kernick deacribed as the, largeet riuild he had visited in the circuit. The'

Lecturer said that it was • Crane thing tot in the ISM] century DO writer hed • reepect for Cromwell, hat • of course things had chenged time then and now beset universally admired. It. had been attacked horn every corceilabie point of view and when that was idolsla rose, they could tale it that he wail worthy of. cnn. spictiona place in 11.• nation. C.-unwell'. real rule was a military despotism, yet it the same time it was cheracteristicslly English. The greatest elemeots of his character were really C,on ..... live ; he stood not for revolution to much as for •rresting it and in his (Mr. Kernel, nein..e, he wan the greatest Englishman who had ever dilected tl.e deo inies • f the country. Cronin @Hem rong,massite. and melancholy temperament wan conepicuous and tils ty ye could even now he oared In a great many ofithe country districts of Norfolk.! The struggle in which he took pelt in the isth century ' was the beginning of England knew it ti-dec. The ci•il wer, Mr. llernick consider d was inevitable. At that time there were tyro rent gi cvi ions awaiting solution, Ike political and the relil/10.. In those dope the nation had no control over Parliament except by revolt. Since then se had ',winged to bring about Cabinet Government. In On se lay. they ale° had the religious questiou—t he At glean and the Polibei. On the Anglican Fide live theology was certainly broeder, for nil the limiters were Calvinists to • man and they said t het event ody eta. Fhnold i.e Cal, inotr, There tone on ors clii but tl • awl rd and Cromwell took it up. With all reveller, to one Puritan forefethers, and in justice to encr,h,etiy I, moist my that the Puritans reprmented an iron bigotry. Itchy, ing to Cromwell. caw sign in heist lithe Li r said that after all Le considmed 111 to 05 stsiii on Cromwell's "tree,

A v, le of thanlos was heartsly accorded so the Lecturer ors the raorosi i as of Mr. Jarnsen seconded hy MI. K. cede.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
The 'MARVEL Prlce 39 -

===== 0002601_19110401_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAI'L'S CLERGY.

In our sketch cf St. Paul's clergy tort week we stand that the present Vicar (Rev. W. Braceramp) succeeded the Rev It. V. l'igot. As a matter of fact, his immediate predecessor was the Rev. E. It. Taiburk, tali° had followed Mr. Pigot in ministering to St. Paul's polio!, No account of the work at St. Paul's is complete without sorne reference to Mr. Tarbuck's vicariate, for during his shirt stay in the town he considerably influenced its religious life, and gained the regard and affection of his parishioners. St. James', Latchford.

We understand that the Bev. E. M. Sulk, B.A , citrate at St. ilamea', Latchford, will leave that pariah st the end of June, to take up a curacy at Crewe. lie WOO appointed to his present position in 191'8 and by devoted work ban gained the affectionato regard or the parishionere who, while regretting his departure, will uish him well in his new sphere.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Paul's C.L B

On Saturday about forty lads turned out for arenreh. Leaving their headquartere at three o'clock. under the command of Captain Ilenthall, Lieutenant Hunch, and instructor Gardner. and headed by the bugle hand, they proceeded through Wine irk, red just her re reaching Neeton a halt was called, to give the signalling BeCtiou a practice. On the march °gain they trataded Newtoe, and then Earlestown, ehere rations WOO provided.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe Congregational Church

Ter centenary of:the English Bible. At the Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday the ter.centenary of the authortzed version of the English Bible wan celebrated, when the Rev. John Yonge preached both morning and evening to large cons regatione. In the morning the rev gentleman took as his text the word,," Every man in oor own tongue" and delivered an eloquent and interesting address on the history of the Bible. , Preaching in the evening Mr. Yonge delivered another impressive sermon, taking as his text the words," After this, I looked and behold • door was opened In Heaven " (Revelations iv. part lit verse). Ile wee very touch afraid, he said that do-called Christian people were not now no supremely and universally Bible readers as our forefathers were. Ile might be mistaktn and he hoped he was) bathe doubted whether Bible read iox was as prevalent a habit now even as when, more then fifty years ego, he entered the minietry. It is one of the very commonest but also one of the most exalted and distinguishing privileges," he continued," In these days occurs, that we can poseur the Bible. You would never think no, to look at even the outward condition of acme Bibles, kept in the far corner of the seat in t hurch, or stowed tutu in SOMO remote shelf nt home. Perhaps se you may now for once take your copy of the Bible in your hand, it would never occur to you that incur fair Wand it was once. punishable offence to have such a Book. You would never think that the day could leave dawned in this island ii hen people could be Ito rned at the stake because they poseueed end read the Bible. Thona were times e hen Englishmen and women uffered shame and prison and death for the sake of the fink which some of ts hudly ever so mcch as read. But they clung to the Bible all the more, because it wee perilous to do so—clinging to it despite the loss of liberty and life which its pouession might involve." A bad hook, the preacher went on, even a bad rffory book, admitted the reader into sedum and avenues of thought which often vitiated the mind and polluted the imagination. How often did we need to warn young people against cheap and silly romances and penny &metro's ? But the Bible opened Bruen—even Buten upon earth ; !Heaven in life'. &tritest hoar ; Henven in the very depth of sorrow—and multitudes of men end women most unnredly found it. " It may be • new idea' he concluded, "hot I nuggest to you u a true idea of your Bible, Out it is a door opened for you into Heaven— the Heaven of Hole g•acts and love, now and here, and the Heaven of Hie Bleuedneen and glory hereafter."

WNW% P.S A. 1 he °goal meeting was held on Suod.y, pi...sided over by Sl•Jmne. liall,sho spoke upon "Usinbling," not of its evils,which aro many, but upon "What in eambling.' H. ad•ised his bearer, to avoid runes which lagitirnate in themselves bsc•nie A VAAL evil, when moot., wB/1 AL mak• in them. Mr.. Moores gave the •ddres. upon .• Endure haremn as a good .oldier." In the Soldier'. life there wen hardnada and muck roughing to b• ',adored. The soldier had peculiar f•oling. when he first went to war, but by and Iy Is become• harder and ,b . Son young Christian entered at thst into thAClbrintian if. with muck fear and trembling. but Is, couldloo^-

===== 0002601_19110401_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Christian Endeavour Union. Dr Mark on " Child Training.

The 11“itini con•rnt ion el the \ Vsrrington and Dletriet Chriseian Enelervour rnion was hold on Satur- day in the Co-dperative Itch.C.eiroederrest. In the afternoon vanishes ente•lrd " II), end /iris of other land. "•as e,riu.ly gi wen ley the children selected horn the Talon. cheirct el. The predilection of the piste reflected much coedit eipeen Mts. Gandy (trainer), Mr. Berton (cooductent, and Mr. Atkinson pi•nist). , MrAV. 11.11 ope, of Liverpeoel,who podded, delivered an invoesting addrevia on child hr.,

In the evening the h II was well (Bled, the audience consisting mostly of men and women. The Rev. W. Cooper pre ided and he was supported on the platform by the Rev. li. Tbistliston Mark, M.A., II Bc., the Rev. Reid, Mr. A. Slounfteld, sod Mr. P. Weave (necretary). In bin report, the SoCRRTARY paid a special tribute to the work of Miss Taylor, who, he said, bad done a grrat dell of good in going round to the varioler schools and appealing for further effo 0.. They now Imid a membership of 246 active and SO associate members, with abmff 220 members.

lir. II Ice apeaking upon ' Child Training," said thet they were all children, some better than other. certainly, rind their chief business was to keep on train- ing themselves end • rich other. Alt hough Inching w. ...titling and training included ti aching, 3nt training was the hugger id.. Whit did they mean by training ? They meant the calling mit of the power that waa Inherent into serviceable activity. They meant that were conscious that in all yoring people there were Intent pectin •waiting the calling of somet ouly •Ise And the man who called to the boy and reached the ltoyant spirit in the boy, helped to train the boy. Anything which celled thoae powers forth—a book, an example, tem,— Iced to tram tbechild. Tiny ne•Coristian bodeavour , wr re aiming to develop within children eflTiency for the highest life. They wanlel the children to be efficient in behaviour, •ni in thought no that they might attain )to the highest life, lie dared say thst there were people in Warringt to who thought it wino high sort of education, bat after all it could bier scrutiny. u Spencer's idee of education cum the unfolding of ~or iceividualities tn th. full. We lived in an age when the COUSCiolltflesr of human power neon dawning upon or. It was true that greet Greek thinkers rind great Christian thinkers had considered deeply hamnn nature and it. powers lout never did people popularly lichen in man as they did to-day. "The unfolding of our individualitiea to the full" could he described in terms of what Christ w had till hie powers fully developed. All that was not Chriat in un one so much subtraction frenu our manhood. So they ha tin tithus definition of the pimp.e of education a defirition of the elm of Christain Endeavour —the put-pme of their striviog to be /ice Christ and the plums, of their contact one with another meant that they were unfolding themeelves and helping each other to unfold themaelves to the full Thor could not train. child unless they took the whole child into cecount ; they could not split him up into compartments, slice as the football boy, the school boy, the Sunday school bny, and the nutiet boy, as they were tempted to do. They had gusto take ell those tipper- ' entiy different natures together, for they could not train a hit of a lad ; they must 'eke him NB God made hint. Saving the loty'a anul was saving the whole boy. The boy eke loved tcetball, the boy who was keen upon his scbool wouk, tbe boy who had braineofltis °ermined wanted to think for hiniself,the boy who loved Chriet and answered to the voice of Cbrist—that ins how they must Into him—altogether. Continuing, Dr. Mark said the old idea that the right thing tout', to ri child was to break his will, wee entirely wrong, for the will was the mu, pilycholngicelly epeaking, it was the centre around which manhood grew. The child mature muat not be crippled or harden down, they must have faith In It. He ear convinced that the healthy normal incline's of the child were for on end not again., Its. (Hem, hear.) Let them lo ik at the instincts that went to the tuning of character in the child and iu them all. There was the ins' iact of fear and they tittoold train him to bar wisely end shrink front the power that would hurt physimily, mentally and ipiritually. 'lb re waa aluo the power to he angry and they mttat beer in mind that righteous indignation was ceelernent of strength. He contended that the child WM inherently good and that he should be trained in the things that were also good. Certainly the child woe exceed- ingly active, one of the great,.t discoveries of modern education being Ucet the child wog alive and not half alive as some woold Mee him be. The child wm continually hungry, spiritually, mentally, physically. Ills curiousily wan n arvellout and they must remember that the boy's questionn were to the boy what Uce scientiat's questions were to the scientist —of intmeme importance. 'They should aleva3s attempt to satisfy a boy'. curiosity, fur he wee hungering for knowledge and they should point out the things which were beautiful end good. All te.hing am the co-operation of the teacher end the scholar and the desire of the teacher should he to train the boy*. activity into proper channels. (Applause.) In the course of a short adulress the litce. W. Reid impressed upon his bearers the necemity of fleeing a •ision if they vrere to he successful in whaterer sphere they undertook.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Benedict's. Orford lane.

la connection with thin chtirch a Id n•en Retreat was commenced on Sunday last and mull mAtintle until to•roorrow Sittuity). Toe retro it is given by the Rev. Father Graf, 0.5.8 , of Buckfaat Abbey, l)evco. Week- day messes ere being held at 7, 7.3, and 9.30 (with inatruct ion) in the morning, end a si•rnbm and benedic- tion in the evening. ro-morrow I. Position Stioday,end the retreat 9111 be brought to a close at the evening service.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL CLUB.

Bowling Club Prospects.

}lopes of an enjoyable season were apparent at a meeting of the Liberal Club Bowling Club, hold on Monday evening at the Club. Mr. Thomas Pemberton, .1.1'., presided over about 39 members, which is the best attendance at • martin.: c riled for a similar pur- pose there has ever been. Amongst those present were Councillors Wilkinson and

After a diecusaion as to the ouTl;s;k7,;; the season, various offers:of price, ,ere made including the follow- ing f—Councillor Wilkinson. mantle clock for howling mnin to he held on Easter Monday, and also promise of prizes towsrds the usual monthly mains; Mr. J sseph Wilkinson, four prizes towards a Thuredey afternoon main end it,. George Howard else intimated that he ; would' present prima.. ; The following officers were appointedi—President,Mr ' A H Croslielel • •ice-presidenta, Alderman 'Donlon, Councillors Wilkinson, Locker, Halliwell. Captain Crosfield, Messrs T Locker, J P, and J E Warren ; captain, Hr T O'Brian eub-captain, tie It Fogg ; hon. secretary, Mr Fred Walker committee. Messrs II Daintith, H COOK, P Delaney, J Bruin, J (Siberia, and 0 Shaw. The bowling green is in splendid condition and It Is expected that a record number of members will erijoy many gi1111,3 theraon.The green will be played upon for the first time this season no Easter Saturday and the openif.g main will take place on the following Monday. ,

===== 0002601_19110401_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
FLYING BILLIARD lIANDICAi.

One of the most succeassul flying billiard handicap] wrie held on Wedneml•y, whet] over 60 loernbers played a match of 2:i up. Arter &aeries of caching game. the

final contestants were Mears. J Howee. jun, and E Cleo, the former being the victor. The third and fourth prize, sore awarded to Messrs A lireenhalgh awl G Hszleintrat respectively. Alderman Ti•xsow presented the prizes to the winners, after which he distributed the handicap prizes won at the tournament In December. He regretted the absence of Mr. and Mrs. Crosfeld who had so kindly provided the latter prizes. Ito was glad to see the splendid spirit displayed amongst the members sod their keen- ness to win one of the coveted prizes. Ile felt sure that they ell benefited lay the social contact they had with each other at rut h event,. He was also convinced that recently these tad been • revival of I thernlisto in thvir midst end the prospectn for both the ;lob and the aasociation were exceedingly bright. On the propositibn of Mr. T. PeNtiteßTON, J.P., • hearty vote of thanks wa• scooded Iti Mr. and Mrs. Crostield for prekentiug the prizes for the it uretameut. nppend • list of the hokuml bandit:top prise skinners ; —l, avian! cutlery, A Ore.& nigh ; 2, Epergne .1 D Brinks-low ; 2, eight dry clot k, J Lenh ; 1, Welthem watch, WII Pickhj; ;5, silver ph..! frame, T Loclor : 6, egg stand, Heaton ; 7, jam E ton ; 8, sugar I aain, 1, Walker ; It, flower visor, W Langley ; 10, eigstette sake, W d'urreo ; It,pen knife, A Hol.troen ; 12, case oh buttons, W Tuston.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
This highly finished coach painted car- riag,e with registered reversible hood Crocketts, Leather Cloth - CASH Upholstery, Steel Springs, PRICE Full Sized Body with 39. Straps Suspension.

INSPECTION INVITED

J. 6.--6ARCAND 51. 53 & 55 BRIDGE Si. WARRINGTON . • • ; r, .. 10 6, Quality Guaranteed.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

A REMARKABLE TORY BUDGET

Alderman Bennett s Hatrtd of the Party System

.tr,unirkiilile Tory Budget. abolishing taxes on Pod and land and institutoll a onitermal 1111.1,11,I•X. can introduced at the meeting of the Parliamentary Debating norirty 44. n iurndaY evening, by Ile. F. (1. Taylor it hancellor of the Exchequer,. There WI. l•rre attend•nee, but the proposals appeared to accord with the opinions of many members of all parties, with the result that there was comparatively little criticism. Alderman Bennett. in giving tile Bud- get his blessing, made a vehement protest agattist the party political system. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, in introdue. ing the Budget, said that it bad had to be en-- modelled to ~a. large extent. .as the Tariff•• v . . .

........ "Reform " Bill lamb was submitted a few weeks ago was rejected. The Go, ernment estimated that £170.000000 would be required to efficiently carry on the affairs of the country. That was a vast sum when it was remembered that it had to be raised from only a quarter of that number of people. After examining the sourees from which taxation wan derived, and pointing imt that the great objection to the system was its haphazard character, and the anomalies to which it gave rine, he referred to the Budget which it had been his intention to introduce had it not been for the defeat of the GovernMents Tariff Reform proposals. Under the intended Finance Bill he said au average duty of 10 percent. would have been placed on all foreign imported manufactured trawls: the export coal tax would have been re.imposed to that the Oppooition (aoild not surely objeet in face of their arguments that the consumer paid the tax the duty on coloni•I tea would have been redueed from sd. to 3d.; the COCOa duty raised from 9s. Id. to ils per cast.: all land taxes on persons actually oWn- 3or the land at the passing of the 1909.10 Act would have been remitted: a 20 per cent. duty On all increment arising from stock and share Iran.. actions (preaent owners exempted, would have hem imposed; there would have been a eonoider• able increase on duly on clubs according to the receipt. from the sale of drink) a corresponding increase in respect of grocers' lieennen, and the existing evil to Mall shopkeepers arising front the unjust position of co-operative and other societies as regarded exemption from taxation would have been remedied. Be far the most. im• portant if the foregoing proposals was Tariff "Reform.- the intention of which wax three. fold: il, Impomition of duties on goods on which little or no labour was incurred here. on scientific principles (a) according an We could or could not manufacture ouroelves. (0) and as our goods were taxed on entering other countries; (2) the to ' of the empire; (3) the ultimate production of Free Trade universally. After the defeat.,! the Government, however, it had liven found neces• sary to provide means from other sources. The Government did not propose to follow the es. ample of the late Liberal Government in the 'oval Parliament. and enter into " unholy alliance," with the Irish and Welsh Members, with the object of securing support for their pro. posals by promising Home Rule or the reliberit of something more tittered than ben-roosts. The Dre+ent. income of the enuntry was estimated at £2,000,000.000, and more than half of that was earned by people in receipt of less than £l6O per annum. while one.third catne from IhOne itt reeeipt of £1 per week or lens. What was the taxation upon a family with ten income of £1 per week? It Wan a question on which Free Trade authorities were significantly silent. He esti• mated that on tea, coffee, chicory, sugar. tobacco, beer and spirits, dried fruits. de., It was la lid, per week. eVen excepting the titx on house. rent. To be well within the limits he suggested that is. per week should form the basis. And yet they had the remark•ble err from the Oppovi• Goo don't tax the people's food. IA Voice: "Any more?", " Any more? • ("Von.") He never re. membered Peeing "any more " on the placards. His Government proposed that that taxation namt go oeheers, and in framing the Budget two great principles had been borne in tnind - first, that as everybody was governed and protected everybody must continue to pay; and, second, that if Free Trade was to eontinue. and that if the consumer paid the import duties, everything ought to enter the country free. Food taxes must go. On they had determined to tan direct on incomes, and It everybody spend as hi' liked. He did not propooe to taw minors. The new ineome-taxes introduced were 9d. in the L on inv.-ones under 30s. per week, estimated to produce £24,250.000: and In, in the L on incomes up to ES per week, whieh would pro. doer £13.750.000. It was proposed to retain the Present ineomestax of £37,500.000. raised from incomes of £l6O per annum: and to impose a further Is. in the E, without abatement, on incoms-ft of over £l6O, which would produee £49.500.000. The amount raised in that way would total £125,000.000. In their next term of office a graduated scale of income•t•z would be intro. dared. The set-oIY by the abolition of all Customs ditties.,! every kind. excise duties, stamp deeds, house duties, and land tales and land duties would amount to £110.250.000 It was proposed to maintain for the purposes of ',VOWur the entaie duties, the intaime from postal, telegraph, tete. Phone, and Crown land sources: the income from the Sues Canal and other loans, license duties. F 0111 e taxation on tobacco: and the present taxes on trading monopolies, which. with the revenue from direct ineome-tax, would produce • total revenue of £179.000.000. The suggested method of levy in the case of small ipromes Was by did,. lions by employers, who would make the pay• ments in periodical returns, and a stamp dots' would he payable. It was proposed to exempt altagether from taxation those serving their country in the army and navy, and to remit half the taxation on those with incomes under £3OO who served in the Territorial forces. Under the Budget there would lie no increase, of Government offici•lo, isecause all excise and customs officers would be abolished. By adopting the Govern- ment's finallee proposals they would be paving the way to three great reforms universal adult suffrage both of males and females: the increase of support to the naval and military forret,: and with land and house property no longer taxed for imperial purposes the Introduction of elec- toral reform on the principle of one man ono vote was foreshadowed. (Applause.) The Prime Minister (Mr. W. H. Stansfleld, formally seeonded the adoption of the Budget. Mr. J. Jarman (L.. Burton-on. Trent, said the Budget statement made him aonder whether the Chaneellor had crossed the floor of the House without knowing it. (Laughter., Certainly. the party behind him must have done Po, if they were prepared to accept the Budget. The OpPo- sition would have preferred to deal with the Tariff Reform " Budget rather than with the one which bad been brought forward. Perhaps it was a good thine from many points of view that they managed to defeat the Government on the preferential tariff scheme, for the original Budget would certainly not have held water. There was a great deal of good in the present Budget. and the good features would base the support of the Liberals. ( riticising the pro- posals which had Siren abandoned. Mr. Jarman said no Moires had leen advanced as to the Probable yield of a 10 per rent, tax on mar., faetured good!, With regard to the export coal tax. they !Mae agreed that the consumer paid, but the di/Beatty on, that it interfered with the industry and reduced the earnings of the miners. As to the proposal to reduce the duty on tea and increase that on eoecat, he believed that if the largest firms dealing in roma were not Liberals in polities, we should not hear so much about the cocoa duty. (Laughter and applause., It Wan a hit of vindictiveness, and would have cost the country £2.500.000 for a ga:n of £200.000. AP to the suggested exemption of ,prrsent owners from the land taxes, he did not sae th•t it was worth while bothering about a Budget if it was only to come into biroe when ths plesent generation was dead. :Langhter., 1,00,1 all,' he would welcome taxes on stoek and share transartions, beeause there was too much gambling on the Stock Exchange already. Legi- timate investment w•• (me thing, but when • man simple bought shares to sell at • profit it was ouite different. With regard ta emoperative societies he did not admit that they reeeived any preferential treatment, for their members were liable to inrometax if they eanie within its scope. If a firm advertised that it would give pureb a . 3s. in the diseount. would the chaneellor eonsider that taxable? Dividend in the ease of eo-operat eve noeurtiea was another word for di...mint, and could not he ded as an increase of income. Ile was absolutely in aeeordanee with the proposal so tan incomes direr-Go. Ile did not think the Liberals could have done letter in that respect. (Laughter.: There •hould he only one tax, •nd that a tax on income. He agreed that there should be no taxa- tion anti! n person attained his 21st year. (-Question ", He did not seo •nv nate°, for taxing incomes antler El a week. The principle. however, was right that everybody should Pay aeomding to his income, and he hoped the Chan. rellor would speedily carry out hit intention to

===== 0002601_19110401_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
draw up • gradu•ted scale. He was cordr•lly in agreement with the proposal to abolish all excise and clistoins duties and food t•xes. He did not think it would inrolre any inerease of Govern- ment officials the effect would probtablY he Ibc nontrary The existing food aaaaa realised only 410.000.000, for he did DIA consider tobaeco wan • food. He joined issue with the Chancellor on the proposal to exempt from tax•turn those who served the country in the Army rand Navy. Many of them were exempt •Iready, an they eatne withrn the £l6O limit, but he did not see why those at the top of the tree, who were getting large salaries from the Government should not pay. He did not nee why a man who went out to Otoot some one else had any more right to he exempt than the man who spent his time in saving the liven of our people, as did members of the medical profession. Mr. W. IteLeod John•tone; A soldier is not a man who goes out to shoot another. He defends the doctors who are at home. ' Mr. Jarman. Ile goes out to fight other people, not to defend •nything at home. 'II we had only had the Budget the Government intended bringing forward. continued Mr. Jarman. " me should have dealt with it on fighting lines But the Conservatives having come over to this side of the House. Wiles of, 'No. no, and - IVe are still here. 't But you bane greatly altered your opinions. C No. no lam Pleased to hear it. All I eau say is that I sincerely hope you will manage to propagate those opinions among hon. members who eall thenamelVen Conservatives throughout the country. Somehow, I dont fancy they will meet wlth quite a, much favour from them as from Liberals on thin side of the House; in feet, judging from the trouble going on over these very lase* in the House of Common,. your people need a lot of converting yet. rA Voice: 'We are going in for Free Trade now.', I hope it will Ire noted that the Conservative Party io- Werrington is going in for Free Trade You hale gone a tremendounly long way under the tuition of Mr. Harold smith. 14. P. Since his first speech here, it is wonderful how demo-ratie the Conservative Party have hirewante, and they lust. put the ton stone on tonight." Mr. F. Masinn rN. W. Clan, began his eon, meats by writing, Wito says that Tariff Reform is not deadi iLaughter. and • Voice: The Budget killed it They They were told last November that it was dead, then they heard that it wan alive and kieking; but he thought that night they were attending its obsequies. ,A Voice- Last night in Bootle.-/ He eould not join with the member for Burton in his chorus of praise. He was influenced to prune extent by the tin. worthy sneer which the Cliatreellor of the Exehrequer chrome to Dori at the Nationalist mem- hero when be referred to rut unholy alltanee. Did he remember the eireumstaness under which the Educatron Bill of 1902 Is. carried? What would he say at the next election about the fight on behalf of religious education? Would it be an unholy alliance then? Whenever a Conserva- tive spoke, he displayed his want of true unionism. ID could not speak for five minutes on polities withorit errnsurrng his Irish fellow- subjects. Did the Budget represent the con• sidered and deliberate opinion of the Con- servative Party. or Wlll. if • vote-ratehing expedition? Laughter. Mr. Jarman: It is the dying klek.-/ If the (onnerintives regarded the Bootle election •A a great Tariff Reform victory, how e rold they nineerely bring forward a Budget like this? IA Voir, '' Free Trade all round..l The difficulty with regard to the ineonietax was as to how it Was to be collected. Hon. gentlemen who repre- sented o Iran eons, it rieneies nearby always imagined that the hulk of the tneome of the people was paid in weeklY wage, He ,Mr. Hegira] . as representing an •grieultural eon• stitueney, eould only say that he knew great stretehes of eouitttey where p- tactically no wages were paid. Agriculture was still the most impor. tarn industry in these inland, and oh.-re a farmer and his tons carried on the work, and neither nerd nor reeeived wage, he wanted to know how the direct 'neon...tax was to be eolleAted. Many things in the Bridget would eonoltend to tire Nationalists. Ile would, however, point urn that stocks and shares, while neeesca ry to our commercial syntern, did not represent nolid and permanent value in the sante way as land and billice property. They flueturated front day to day. Then, again, the, ingenious and inventive man deserved mime special return for Its enter- prise. If all canine and eustom dutorn were abolished. he did not see why • young fellow twenty years and nine months irld should be exempt from taxation. Mr. Maginn cdneluded by expressing the hope t hat the I haneellor was nineere in his proposal, that Ire would carry bus party with him, and that they would tie the forerunners of the eonversion of their-hole of the Conservative Party throughout the eountry. Alderman Bennett rColionial Seer-eters, said that they in Warrington had again ana again tried to show the world the way it ought to do its business. If the world would only be wise enough to listen to Warrington a little more frequently, it would act on a great deal better. rMm. Jarman: " Warrington's seeond thoughts.") No Chancellor of the Exehequer in our time had ever enunciated • Budget to statesmanlike and sound as the one introdueed that night. iApplanneb He personally welcomed it most heartily, breause it confirmed the oplnon lie had long held that if faith sides eould detaeli them- selves from mere party politics, and nee life steadily and as • whole, viewing the various problems on their merits they would very likely come frequently to nroeit the same eonelusion. Party polities vitiated their Judi/went on nearly every question, and that was particularly true of the House The Debating Society was a sort of House of Lords. (Laughtert The Liberals In that House were not hound to appeal to the electorate for their ponitions, hut were able to say what they thought, without fear or favour, with the result that they had wisdom and progress. Deniocr•ey had RS perils, and a whirl] was absolutely dependent upon the popular vote wax really an unmitigated danger. That was why as needed • ntning erseond Chamber. iLaughte, Why did art xratesmen in the Imps.rial Parliament rome tnt Our country with sound proposals like that Budget eontisined? They dare not. They were afraid it would not Ire popular to gui to the working.man and pro- pose to tan hits 9d. in the Z. He the speaker) was noire pleased •nd staggered by the support whir+ frame from the member for Burton tllr. Jarman than by •nyt hang whieh had ever haPPaned In that soriety. rLaughtert He had never beard the hon, member speak kindly iif any member its the Conservative side ilLaugh• ter.,

-Mr. Jarman: You have never been right In-fore. iLaughter., Aldermnn Bennett. Continuing. said he hated the party system. He thought it was the best method ever des ised, by the Ingenuity of the evil one, to distort and misrepresent the true opinion of the people of this rountry and the real truth on all the great questions with which they had to deal. He admitted frankly that the Conservatives had ulterior motive. in bringing forward Tariff Reform, but they sore motives of which they need not be eadixined They wanted to impose a 10 per rent. tax on foreign manufartures, not for any innate riisselnes, but in order to (IVY the British wei Swg-men a eli•nee, to keep out the produets of the foreign sweater. to ronsider our own people fect, and to foster the unite and strength of the Empire. The ideal solution of the taxation question under Ike present eircunistanees Was a universal incomedax, and he would graduate it systemati- cally until It became a very severe graduation indeed. It was not wise that ane individual should be allowed to accumulate tremendous fortunes, it was not for the eommon advantage. tA Voice: "That is stocialism."i Ile was not afraid of the word "Socialism." Will some of the tenets of Sorialism he agreed, and he would like to have seen in the Budget a proposal to nationalise railway, and Otos bring in many millions to the exchequer. Ile did not accept all the ill-digested items of policy which sometimes hid themselves under the name of sloe.al,am. but Socialism, rightly and intelligently understood, had much to be said for it. and a great deal of the oppositon to it was doe to ignorancr. preju- dice. and red herrings drawn across the path. One of the root evils of Liberal policy was that they were so apt to try to penalise their opponents, and to introduce spite into their poliey and legislation. ,Laughter If they analysed Contic•rvatisni from top ti bottom, they found that the great distinction between Com servat ism and Liberalism in nearly every in•tance was that roncer‘atism stood for fair play. ,Laughter and applause., Mr. H. New it,, Limehouse, disagreed with sums. of the statements that Mr. Jarman laid mad, At the same time he considered there wee, many good points in the Budget. •Ithough they aught. have been better introduced with less satire and a tone of sineerity One did not Jock fir ts ness nowadays. There had to be a great deal of "swank," as they termed it.

The Slpeaker: The hon. member Milt: use parlia- mentary language Mr. New: Well, I won't call it that. I will say "bluff " that is parliamentary. C.intinuing. the dpeaker topremeol regret that there wan no itliniei• Pc previdion for old age penriond. The Chancellor: I don•t know that I have diminished old ate penriona by one farthing. Mr. New said he would rather the durpltid had been definitely apportioned to Pertain obbwitd. He had in mind Lord Laniglowne'd mntion that the pensions should mare in aesen ard lie did not agree with the repeal of th« land taxes. The Liberal Government proposed that lend should be valued at it, time value for purposed of revenue, not from a vindietive mu tine, but tsemude then dtidired to see the lot of the people made brighter. While the predent ardtem of land ownerdhip was in vogue, it would onl4y add to the misery of many of the workers •n ãtnc slum prorerty in congedted arena. A. to the alli'eoif•' unhollv alliance.- he would point nut that the Tory Party had to appeal to the Irish to place Mr. Balfour in the position of Premier in 1904. The Irish were loyal to the Empire. and mold have been still more loyal if it had nut been for the tight screw put upon them he ownera iif their various diatricto. sitnek. ati charm. continued Mr. New. were not In any war like land They were on unstable that a man might lie very wealthy nne day and •Imndt bankrupt the neat. Land wan etable, and them wiirc man, million. of acres which eotild hebrought Into use, and thus accelerate the solution of tin,. hong- . nfr problem. He thought it unfair to pron..« that no one elhould contribute to the national revenue until he W. twent,one. They rail of children of •ri•toerstic familim who were horn worth treat fortunes. and all their I: vs. con- tinued to remive money whieh they nev.•r earned. On the whole the Budget •pogared to indicate that they would ultimately kla Abb. ti MOO a :coalition Government front the reeks of the two I Pooled tLaughtm and applaud...: Me McDermid President of the Board of Trade. minted the •d iourument of the debate ustill Tnesdd• eaeninr neat.

• I.l,natn Coil ' with mom *star Is ea eseel It gargle or Son. Throat, Cold., Cagey., &.—Adet

t

===== 0002601_19110401_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19110401_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

4 . 0 , , ~ .. , ~• . ~.... .. . • ~ - , ..' . . V ' , t too, . - . • • c . ; • . ' ' I to „,... . • . It/. . . Alliltip ...• .•‘• • ,; •• • .. .... . , ~. • .. • , * . " • ' '. -'• •.; - 144 , , ' .. . , . , •-• 4140401-* •••• ' '' • •. • 1'" . • . ~• t. :'. ~„••• :,:....... . ~7.•., - • ',:, • ",

===== 0002601_19110401_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. JOHN BURNS AT PUTNEY.

The tt:glit Ilan. John Burns, Pcesident cl the Local Government Board, cycled on Satur ay last 1., lie. river, t 3 witness thc practice of the University Crews. Mr. Burns I, a tailed Cr figure oa the tow-pith, and takes a k:en interest in all rowing matters. In our picture Mr. Burns is seen with his it in a snow.s'orm.

THE CROWN PRINCE AND PRINCESS OF SWEDEN,

The Crown Prince and Princess of Sweden will represent the King and Queen of Sweden at the Coronation. The Crown Princess is !till better remembered in this country as Princess Margaret of Connaught. During their stay he- e, they will he accemmcd.iled at Clarence /louse, St. James's, the residence of the Duke and Duchess of Connaught. The Crown Prince is English in Iris thoughts and habits, ad is a very keen sgortsman. He once declared if hr did not hold his present po,ition he would rather be • British pr.v..te sold Cr than anything else. They have three children, two sons and a daughter, and it is stated that the Princess is the most domesticated of young Royal mothers.

• ,c. 4

__ _ __ . , IF ~,.,, ~,, ....." , 4,k ;i, ; . , 1 ~. Vir, I' . .. ~.. . .. . .. < , , ~ lA. 1. , , _

/4#. tojrafry -7, _it :.• ~---, ~... .. „..„ , . . ... , . . , ._A ..... . 1 .00/1h :„ 1, .„ , •,,, , •, , , . •,....,..,„ , , . s ..., ' ' '''''''' —I 744.. Ili './k'''lllllb'''.• '-- ' .1.1111".'"I f. ..., •.„. .... .• . .... , . , . .. m „„.„,. .• , , , ~,,t,..., #1 v. • 1 ... k, . ~,., tir.„, • ,

===== 0002601_19110401_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
ACTRESSES IN A NEW ROLE.

ln co nection with the "All British Shopping Week," a salon has been set apart cue of the large London stores for the rule of All-British perfeme for the benefit of Frince Francis of Tech's Memorial Fund for the Middlesex Hospital, and the actresses who are acting the part of voluntary saleswomen have been doing a brisk business behind their very daintily furnished counters. %carting from left to sight, the names are lb* Misses Gertrude Robins, Stephanie Bell, P. saline Chase, Julia James, and Laura Cowie,

===== 0002601_19110401_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHAPTERS. k,•,,--„,,,,,,,,,,..,..e.4. A LATCHFORD WORTHY.

THE HISTORIAN OF THE SEIGE OF GIBRALTAR.

A place in the gallery of local worthies would fall by right and merit to John Drinkwater, of Latchford. Little, as far as we know, has been written concerning him, and very few have heard of him in the capacity in which he deserves to be remem- bered as the historian of the great Beige of IGibraltar.

The entry of his baptism is in the register of the Church at Grappenhall, for Latchford was part of the parish then, and his father is described as John Drinkwater, surgeon. We have not been able to ascertain whether he received any schooling in Warrington, but in 1774 his name appears as a scholar of the Manchester Free Grammar School. Four years later he became an ensign in the 72nd Regiment of the Manchester Royal Volunteers, and after a year at home

departed with the regiment (Or Gibraltar. He was then only seventeen years old, and would doubtless embark with the light spirits of youth, and with no foreboding of the ordeal that awaited him. A terrible ordeal it proved. On June 21st, 1779, the Spaniards began their desperate siege of the fortress and until January 20th, 1783, the garrison were shut up with the terrors of war and starvation daily before them. The grim fortress of Gibraltartaken by Sir George Hooke in 1704, had long been coveted by Spain, and many well planned attempts had been made to reclaim it.

On one occasion the Queen of Spain had pitched her tent upon the hill that looks upon it from the mainland, and vowed that she would never leave her temporary dwell- ing until Gibraltar was conquered. They still call the spot " The Queen's Seat," and the vow is remembered in Spanish History along with that of the Princess Isabella, who sat down before Ostend and vowed that she would never change her linen (Intl the city surrendered. It held out for three years and the plucky ipanish princess kept her word. Historians lid not attempt to describe the Royal under- dothing when it at last came off, hut the .ommon people preserve traditions of it and their word for clothing that has been a long time absent from the wash tub compares it to an "Isabella chemise." But the Isabella who coveted Gibralter was not so fortunate and the vow was broken.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN DRINK WATER'S CAREER.

Beyond his military service there is not much to record in the life of Drink water. As ensign he had held the colours of his regi- ment, and when he returned at the close of the siege these were placed in the Collegiate Church of Manchester and afterwards in the Chetham Hospital. A Captaincy was given him and not long after he became secretary to Sir George Elliot. He took part in the Battle of St. Vincent and wrote an account of it, and in memory of the stern and terrible days in Gibraltar founded there a library for the garrison. Several government offices fell to him and had not his disposition been one ef remark- able modesty many more honours might have become his. He lived to see his 82nd birthday and died in Surrey at the home in which he had spent his declining years.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SIEGE OF GIBRALTAR.

A few excerps from the account of the famous siege may be read with interest even at this distant day. "The seige commenced by a blockade on 21st June, 1779, which was declared so suddenly that had not a supply of provisions been received a few months before, the situ- Ation of the garrison would have been very shortly one of extreme privation. As it was, so strict was the blockade by sea and land that a scarcity soon began to show itself, and became alarming. Although the inhabitants bad been warned in time to provide against the calamities which now impended, the the standing orders of the garrison specifying that every inhabitant of the garrison even in time of peace should have in store six months provisions, by far the greater number had neglected this precaution. By the middle of August there were only forty head of cattle in the place, and of these two bullocks had been ordered to be killed d tily for the use of the rich. In January, 1780, distress had much increased, and was not confined to the inhabitants; many officers and soldiers having families to support out of the pittance received from the victualling office. One woman actually died through want, and many men were so enfeebled that it was not without great attention that they recovered. Thistles, dandelions, wild leeks etc., were for some time the daily nourish- ment of numbers. Every sort of necessaries were at the most exhorbitant prices. Veal, beef and mutton, 2s. 6d. to 4s. per lb.; fowls, 18s. a couple; ducks, 21s. : a pint of milk and water, Is. 3d.; a small cabbage cost Is. 6d., eggs 6d. each, candles 2s. 6d. per lb.. and fresh fish became exhorbitantly dear. "The Governor, General Elliot, did all he could to economise the stores and dole them out with fairness; but still the daily allow- ance to the troops was a miserably poor one, in consequence of which, and the bad quality of the salt provisions, the scurvy before long broke out amongst them. This affliction, however, was partially counteracted by the use of lemon juice.' Other passages are : " The fire of the besiegers accidentally exposed someconcealedstoresof the hucksters upon which the soldiers of the garrison broke out into revenge. The liquor was destroyed,and incredible profusion prevailed. Among other instances of their extravag- ance was their roasting a pig with a fire made of cinnamon."

"The evening's cannonade upon the garrison was almost incessant. Forty-two rounds were numbered in two minutes between six and eight o'clock." "The enemy, however, generally ceased fire Eit noon. This arose from a custom pretty general in Spain—that of indulging themselves in a mid-day nap. Even in a Spanish insurrection there was a sleepy con- vention of a few hours every day between the administration and the mob." A CURIOUS INTERLUDE.

Among the unusual, and, to those who study the situation, extraordinary incidents recorded by Colonel Drinkwater one tells of a courtesy which passedbetween the opposing generals. For thie also we will quote his own words: "A sortie which was made upon the enemy's works on the land aide, though it was attended with success, so far from dis- jointing them seemed to hasten their resolve to ,turn the blockade into an active siege, which should he prosecuted with increased

vigour. The land and sea forces before Gibraltar were greatly increased,and shortly afterwards the Duke de Crillon, the Spanish

DON'T LOOK OLD-441.1, the range. of Tine Si Bay by Derkeolog tbs Choy &mall with LOCKYI6III4 SL'LPBUBBAIRRESTOREkt,deeponter 00101111 in tem day. Maintains youth • I=ebouLs••• everywhere.Poet,le.6d. Bedford

===== 0002601_19110401_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
I Commander, on the 19th August, 1782, sent IGeneral Elliot a flag of truce, forwarding letters for the garrison, and the following letter, with a present of some fruit and game for himself.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
------ To His Excellency General Elliot . _ . .

"Permit me, Sir, aoffer a few trifles for your table, of which I am sure you must stand in need, as I know you live entirely upon vegetables. I should be glad to know what kind you like best. I shall add a few head of game for the gentlemen of your household, and some ice, which I presume will not be disagreeable in the excessive heat of this climate at this season of the year. I hope you will be obliging enough to accept the small portion which I send with this letter." To which the general the next day returned the following reply : "I return a thousand thanks to your excel- lency for your handsome present of fruits, vegetables and game. You will excuse me, however,when I assure you that in accepting your present, I have broken through a reso- lution to which I had faithfully adhered since the beginning of the war; and that was never to receive or procure, by any means whatever, any provision or other commodity for my own private use; so that without any preference everything is sold publicly here, and the private soldier, if he have money, can become a purchaser as well as the governor. "I confess I make it a point of honour to partake both of plenty and scarcity with the lowest of my bravo fellow soldiers. This furnishes me with an excuse for the liberty I take, of entreating your excellency not to heap upon me any more favours of this kind as in future I cannot convert your presents to my own private use. "Indeed to be plain with your excellency, though vegetables at this season are scarcel with us, every man has got a quantity pro- ' portioned to the labour which he has bestowed in raising them. The English are naturally fond of gardening and cultivation, and here see find an amusement in it, during the intervals of rest from public duty. The promise which the Duke of Cnllon makes of honouring me in proper time and place with his friendship lays me under infinite obliga- tions. The interest of our Sovereign being once solidly settled, I shall with eagerness embrace the first opportunity to avail myself of so precious a treasure., '

===== 0002601_19110401_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HUMOUR OF IT.

This last is a splendid letter; it is as admirable as the Spanish General's courtesy; but we wonder whether either of these gallant gentlemen saw the humour of a situation in which the one thoughtfully sends some ice lest the other should feel some trifling distress of the palate, and then proceeds to try to blow him to pieces with gunpowder. War upon an appalling scale followed. To quote again,. . . .

"The land and sea forces by which the siege was to be carried on now amounted to 40,000 men independent of the combintd fleet, consisting of 50 ships of the line,destined to cover and support the attack. On the land side were most stupendous batteries and works mounting 200 pieces of ordnance, , while opposed to these were the English Garrison, scarcely amountink to 7,000 effective men, who gallantly defended the place. One of the sorties was such a surprise to the enemy that their commanding officers' report for the night, which he had written by anticipation, stating that ' nothing extraordinary had happened' was found in his tent and brought away by the assailants."

The enemy was kept at bay until a general peace was concluded on the 20th of January 1783, after the siege had continued more than three years and a half. . . . . .

John Drink water's narrative is not distin- guished by literary style, but before offering criticism we must remind ourselves that it

is the work of a youth who was making his first effort at literary composition. The siege began before he had seen his seventeenth birthday, and the record was made under what must have been the most distracting of conditions. Few would have been cool enough to write at all under such tension of nerve ard imminent danger. One other soldier kept a diary of the siege. Of Drinkwater's it is enough to say that its accuracy has never been called into ques- tion. It is an historical record of value and even importance. It is understood that several other War- rington men shared the defence of Gibraltar and the name of one of them is given as Nathan Woods,but of their part in the terrible drama no account has been preserved. A.M.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT EVERY MOTHER SHOULD KNOW ABOUT HER BABY'S SKIN

We believe all mother. aliould know that Cutieura soap and ointnemt afford a pure, sweet and most economical treatment for itching, burning infantile humours. ememas, rashes and irritations which, if neglected, often become chronic and cause • lifetime of misery, beentme of pain and disfiguration. A warm bath with Ctr Kura nap, f.,llowed by a gentle application of Cuticuta ointment, usually brings immediate relief, baby sleep., womunt, worried parents real, and peace falls on a distracted house- hold, when all other treatments fail. Bend for free .32,page book on the care and treatment of shin and !scalp, to Potter Drug and Chem. Corp., 27, Charter- hot,. Sq., London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

in their return notch with Bowden College at Bowden last Saturday, Latchford were narrowly defeated by 3-2. At one time it themed as though the college men were going to win nosily as they were noon leading by 2.0 and in feet were by far the beet teem in the trot half of the game. Troth, got through for Latchford, hoerever, before the interval, booking the ball Into the net from • moat awkward position. The college men again scored but Cliff, rediroed their lead. With the store 3-2 Latchford made tremendous efforts to equalise i and n the lost ten minutes forced about seven cornera, but the college defence wee no sound that all the visitors attempts rit netting were cleareol. The centre-bail for the home own played • fine game and the college forwards were in excellent form. The Latchford hacks did well to keep the woo down to three goaln against such • virile •ttaok. Tba Second Eleven owomped Ashley at home by 7.1, mooring leer times in the Brat half and throe times in the second half. Aohley had two good full backs, but too much work win thrown on to them by Weekllll., in front. The Latchford forwards apoiled many good openings by getting off-slde. The Athley forward, were very seek in front of goal. Walsh did Roth good defensive work for the home team, and Pierson and Hackney in the forward line played • dashing game The goals were wooed by Pearson (21, Hackney ,2. Starkey (3). The First Eleven e. Bored. at Latchford ibis after- noon :—A Hill. goal ; P Allneno,, F Tole, beck. ; A Bradohner, Jll Wilkinson, A Knight, haler ; It A Dale, H Parker, D Teethe, C hackney. K Bank., forwards. Belly-off 3.30 p.m. The Sectho Eleven v. Mthchthter 1-.M.C,A. at Man. chethor le :—W Eccles, A N Other, W II Pickles, backs: Parkithon, F Isherwood, R Walsh, halves H Fletcher, .1 Pearson, W II Minards, A Starkey, T Banks, forward; Train from Central Station 1.53

FAlLURlll.—Aooording t• Kswps Merceotile Gazette " the number of Commercial Fellers. published le Greet Britain •ed Ireland doting Lb. quarter ending Saturday. March 2101., Ira. 2,090, 'me ...net in the corresponding quartsw of 'set peer was 2,201, showing a decrease in 1911,t0 dote, of

===== 0002601_19110401_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

THE SCHOOL ACCOMMODATION DIFFICULTY

How Large Should Class Rooms Be P AN EFFORT TO IMPROVE ATTENDANCE AT SUB COMMITTEES

There were several Reran of unommal interest for die- cronies at the monthly !meting of the Wmlngton RC cation Committee shich tuts held et the Town Hall on Monday evening. Councillor IL Roberta preeided and there were •Iro pesent t—Aldermen D. Tionion and A. Bennett, Cooncillors W. H. Hellion, W. 11. J. ()matins, T.Birtlee, Dr. McKee, T. S. Steel, J Pendant. ton, It. Heftiest!, C. Jackson Holoos, .1. Dickenson, J. Wilkinson, end W. J. Wilson, Revs. Canon Morley Stevenson, J. Davies, and Father r.oill. Wilson, Mrs. C. Jacks., Holmes, Menus. A. J. Jolley, 11. Kingdon, C. S. Burgess, C. IN. Uneworth, J. Chrimen, .1. Uparn, Welker, hO. I'linston, Moore Murray (director), end It. U. Rol rots Inexistent director). OU 0 LADY'S SCHOOL, LATCHFORD. It wee reported that the Rev. Joseph Talton bad been appoloted • foundation transger of thar Lady's School, Latchford, in sucoession to the it... T. M. Metro.

- SVLISISIINCi LESSONS FOR SCHOLARS. It he•ing bee, report that the Town Council had expressed their mitfiagaeu to make similar arrange- ment. to thorn made lost year for the me...fence of school children and their ins, ruction in the art of swimming at the public llith. dining the •pproaching ...von, the School Management Committee resolved l !cm aothoeity he given for the payment to the To." Hall, Nets and Baths Committee of the sum of £75 in temp it of this use of the !lath., and xf. further sum I of £541 for the instruction of the children. NO DINING ON THE PREMISES.

The School hlenagement Committee considered the comments of 11.111.1orpeotors (contained in their report npos the recent inspection of the Secondary School) nib /elemoe to the arrangements for the super•lsion of robotism who dine at the reboot and, in the end, It rem decided that as •11 the scholars who reside within the Borough say reasonably be expected to go to their homes for their mid-day rued, to provision be, In the future,made for scholars to dine on the !school promises and that the parents of those scholars who Sod it impossible to go home, be required to satiety the Head blusters, to the •rrangements they propose to make for their children,

COUNTY COUNCIL AND THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

It was noted that the Governors of the Warrington Grammar school had received en intimation from the Cheshire County Eduoation Committee Dist that Cont. mittee would, in response to the application of tbel Governors, make a grant to them of £lOO In respect of I the attendance at the Grammar echool during the school I year 1909.10 of pupils resident in the County ares. The minutes were weed without comment. OVERCROWDING OF SCHOOLS.

Further communications having been aubmitted from Lb. Board of Education with reference to the over- crowded condition of the liamilton•ottreet and St. Bent dicCs stimuli., the School Attendance Committee resolved that the attention of the bite, and ruildioga Committee be called to the premium which in being brought to bear upon the latent Authority by the BO.rd of Education in regard to the school accommodation of the dirgrict in whuab those schools are situated, and that they he requested to facilitate, as much as possible the provision of the additional moconsmoolation no urgently needed to meet the rtquirements of the locality. •

===== 0002601_19110401_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
MEASLES AND SCHOOL AITEN DANCE.

Mr. IL T. PA IRCLOCIIII salted how it a.. th tt the silt nista-vs at Ito schools for the four week. ended March 3rd *bowed a decrease in the linemen of 387 and in the actual number of 383,.. compared with the name month last year ? Mr. PLIN9I.OII said he regretted to elate that tba report on school attends.. ea! the Worst that they had bad for a considerable period. The falling-off wns entirely owing to the large amount of air knees pre... lent in th• tone and to the f•ct that on the notification of missies, those children can Infected household who were not actually, suffering loom the disease were forbidden to attend school. The minutes were adopted.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
PLANS NOT ACCKPTED.

A QUESTION OF THE SIZE OF CLASSROOMS. Sketch plan. which had been submitted for the appeals' of the 'ilea and Bulling. Committee by the Managers of the bL lienedict's R.C. School, for altera- tions and additions to thnt school, were considered, and it was decided to refer theni beck to the Manager. for amendment so that all the new clathroom. shall he oapable of accommodatini st leant 60 whole", At a subeequent meeting of the committee • letter was submitted from the managers of the St. Benedict'. S.C. School with reference to the &anion of the committee at their last meeting in regard to the sketch plans submitted by the meageru for alteretioth awl edditioes to the school, but the committee decided to adhere to their previous decision in the matter. Mr. It. T. VAIRCI.OI7OI-1 mood 00t1 Coolltillor C. JACKSON 1101.11 m seconded the adoption of the minute.. The Rev, Father WILSON moth', that the aline minute, be referred hock. It appeared to him an undesirable thii g to lay down • rule that the class- rooms of new saloon should he built no large Is to eccommodete it lean sixty echoic.. The Board of I Education's requirements were, be aubmittel, satisfied 'ho the provision of classrooms to acoommodete from r.o to GO scholars. At the present time the number of children on the register of thy class was reetriotth to 60 and the tendency, se shown by recent circulars of the Board of Education, was to reduce the sith of climes It wes, therefore, • wales, procedure to 0511 upon the inanagein to provide classroomo which would newr he fully occupied. It might be amid that the Board of Education would soon require a greater spece to he 'Hotted to each child, but there was no evidence of that. The manager. of St. Benedict's desired that Kb. plane thould he forwarded to the Board of Educa- tion and the exact nice of the clegarothus left an Open question. 'they were quite swilling to consider thy suggestions of the Sites and Building, Committee but they would like to have before them at toe same time the criticism, of the Board of Education. Mr. C. H. CNS ORTO seconded the emen.finent. Ile aid that if diflerences were going to •ri.e between school mintage,s and the education anthority the Iseult would probably he that the Bard of Education would come down and nettle the qthation one way or another, In their usual arbitrary manner. If the titans were Best peat to the Board of Eduostion end their opinion ether. tained, it would then he time to threat. the matter out as bete een the managern nod the thb-oominittee. Mr. UPNON ached how many scholar. each classroom was designed to accomniodste ? Father WII,SON Fifty-four, and there are six olssereoms. Mr. FA IRCIAO.4. II said the matter we. fully disowned by the committee and they felt that the menagern should be called upon to provide accommodation for minty children is each cles.room. The local authority— not the manegers—paid for the teaching in the school, sod it would be additional expense to the ratepayer. it they •Ilowed one type of school to have smaller class rooms than the committee required is Its own schools. The specs •Ilotted to each child at present 011 s 10 pure feethut it was possible that the Board of Educa- tion would rese it to 12 feet, in which event the rooms would accommodate still fewer scholar,. The CIIA I KNI AN : I take It the view of the Com- mittee is that, having fined • studerell of accommoda- tion for their own school., they think that standud ought to apply to all schools where alterations •re , lads, not simply on account of the interests of the children, but because the staffing follows the accom- modation which the steederd of thin committee has made. The Rev. J. D• thigested that if the committee insieted upon pro•inion for I dames, the best way for the managers tomcat the difficulty would be to , erect seven classrooms instead of sis Ile shared Father Wilson's view that it ws. • ithete of money to , compel either the Committee or the nonagon to build such large rooms. The managers in thin instance were providing all that was necemary. impunity no •iew of the probable reduction of cheeses in the futon. Couocitlor MERTON aid there went 100d0BC, 00 ; the part of the Board of Education to increase the ; amount of sir space per child. It would not invoice ; much inconvenience creep.,.. for the school measure to provide clathroomn to accommodate six 1111:0• children each.

..... . Mr. Jor.i.av said that if the olaseroomi were too small, they would add cnormotmly to the cost of administration. Whatever else the committee did,they did not went to put the hands of the clock heck and in any of the achoola provided by the local mithority or by managers to revert to • les suitable environment in which children were to bo edocated. The committee ought not tacitly to @motion anything inferior In the nompro•iderl rchoole, an compared with the standard in the provided schools. On • vote being take. the atnendmeot waa defeated only sit members supporting it. TUE ACCOMMODATION QUESTION.

- At • tweettog of the Sites and Building. Committee a reeolution from the School Attendance Committee— with reference to communications received from the Board of Education in regard to the overcrowded condition of the Hamilton-street end St. Benedict:it lachools—haviss been considered, inetruction• were given`for the Board of Education to be informed that the krocal Macedon Authority •re taking slaps to secure, as soon ma possible, • boilable site oa which to . erecOs public elementary school to meet the require- nies of that locality. A • subsequent meeting the tenders which had been r :Ted for sites fore public elementary school is the Penfield Ward were opened sod mere referred to the

Surveyor for report to the next meetiog of the Committee. . . . .

l'hiNrenrSt expressed the hope that before any- thing drutio was done by the naiad of Education, the committee would take step. to provide the acoom- modation which wee so much required. Canon Svevithson, ris a Tanger of the Hamilton- street school, emphaeised the fnct tint( that school Wel sadly overcrowded and It aro, Impossible for there to do abet bey ought to do forth. children in the present slate of things. The nisnagers did not wish to pls.. the education authority in soy inconvenient position, but they resorctfuily urged that every effort snotild be made to increase the accommodation in that neighbour- hood.

Mr. FAIRCI.I.I.OII called 'Mention the step., which were being taken to build a new .111,111 in Fair- field Word. _ _ _ .

Rev. .1. DAVITS liaid the proposed new school in Mr... Wet oold probably relieve St. Benedict'. end Ilamiltorestreet to some sztest. . . .

CODOO ISTRVONON doubted whether the provision of a new school us Fairfield %Vard would have any effect on lißlllilton-street.

The minutes terreapproved. TO COMPEL GOOD ATTENDANCE.

IS THERE RIVALRY IN iTHE COMMITTEE? Mr. I rot. st AN Mr DOM moved the following resolu- tion Any member (except the chairman end deputy chairman) of the Education Committee who hes felled learmirt for some reel,.. SplirOVA by the Committee) to attend street twenty-five per cent. of the meetings of a Sub-Committee to whirl% be or elm hos been rummoned during any twelve months ended on the 31st Itlerdt, shall not be eligible for reappointment to that mob-committee until after the expiration of • period of twelve month& He explained that the mese mg of the reeolution wee II at if any member of. sub•committee did not nttendl one meeting in four to which he bed been summoned, at the end of the ;ear he would not be eligible for re-election for twelve month.. There were 12 sot.. committee meet into held in • year, and i thout w jetting to depreciate or detract front the work done by any member of the authority, he felt strongly that If amen could not •tten.l three n.etro ings in the )esr his el•f•iet• could not Ire very valuable to him committee. There were except ions and they had been amply safeguarded. Ile hoped it would aerver be necessary to offer en}thing in the way of a beaus or prise scheme to get membere to attend. (fAughter.) The more important work of the authority was daee by the sub-corurnittme but some nivntrers bad nut put in • single attendance during the yenr. Aldermen ligeserr seconded, and mid he thought the resolution exceedingly moderate In its term.. It was hedged in by careful reservation, end it would conduce to the efticir nt working of the contr. ittee.

It wee atated that th-e Standing Order, of the Com- mittee on theauliject of attendance only referred to meetings of the frill committee, and a member who was abeent for six months except through sickness or for some other valid remise holm* diaqualined. , Mr. BURGRS9 : Wonld it he possible to add to the Standing Orders a provision about mb-conamittem ? The Dlncr'TOß : Yee, it is for you to pasa any stand. tog order. yon think 11l for the government of the meetings, but they mart be approved by the Town Council. ' Mr. OW. torn: Ilm tune ever liven an opportunity of potting the present rule into operation, or Ms it been overlooked The Dot Ei t her never been put into opera- tion an far as this cammittee is concerned. Member. have generally saved their boon. lieughrer.) Councillor WILEIN,ON mid he limited npon the resolution es a complete farce. Why ehoald the chair- men and deputy-chairmen he exempt ? Mr. Kit.; DON : Because they are member:4 ...officio of every mbiooromittee. . .

Councillor WILKINSON alild the exceptions to tbo method, of working that committee and the Conocil generally Clrne from co-opted members. They were members of only one or two Committee. anal it wee. pleer tire to them to npend a hnppy hour at lin occaaional meeting. (Laughter.) They never thought for a meanest of theme. end eight hours per day that *Mee member, of the Town Council prat join that .00m. Ile sometime% came there at 2.30 and stayed in lbw Hall, where he took hie food, till 9.30 at nigh,. Wa• not that 'make to give to the public ? hot simply becetee one failed to attends miserable sub-committee of the Education Committee he was to be voted 01l it. (Laughter.) Ile ass chairman if Finance Gimmittee of the Corpora- tion,and it there wag anything doing in connection with finance at the Education Committee he abould he with them. Ile moved that the resolutiou The CHAIRMAN. YO I Cannot more • resolution You can vote ngainet Fir. InAdon's.mot ion . ....

Mr. l'ivvirrm was sorry annwillor Willies** had taken the view he had. Mr. Klngdon, he was sure, would give the ntninat credit, as he (Mr. Plinston) would to men placed in Comilla? Wilkinnon's position end who genes groat deal of time In the interests of the tow n, and did • god and useful work. Weer, hear.) It can no 'nook to • man to lake him off A committee if he did not attend more than one a year, sod if. member knew he coold not dinharge the duties he should deelinetotve

—Conncillor Maley, Councillor Pemberton end other members of the Corporation Instanced the difficulties which confronted members of the Council who were also connected with the education authority, through the clashing of sub-committees. It wee stated that the ressolution of Mr Kingdca we. not intended to reflect upon Councillor Wilkinson 0r.,, one else. The Re, Canoo STEVebeee, Se chairman of nee of then miserable autcoomrnitteee —(laughter)—eald there was • greet deal of force in what Conneiltor Wilkinson had mid. but Mr. lilogdon'e motion sefegoseled his case. Especial lioncu wes given to the Chairman to make exception es he thought it. The eheirreare Of I every sub rommitLee would undonbtedly think Councillor WilkineoO was the lest person who could be spend from it. He denied thlt the eo-opLed member. end the lepregentat lye. of the Town Council were rival par in. They were ttl exulting for the same object— the benefit of altexation. CoOneillor DICKENSON eat Of ,pinion that if • mem, er was appointed on • committee, and ho could not see his way clear to attend the meetings he ought by restigning to main way for somebody who oould. There was one group of people which had to do •Il the work.

Mr. Wv LIM complained of the way in which tee work of the School Atteedanre Sub committee fell iron. fow shoulders. Ile thought the rota would eventually have to be taken from the whole of the member, Mr. J 01.1.1," maid he would vote with Councillor VVilkinson, hot his reasons for doing no were entirely different. Ile strongly depreciated the manner in which Councillor Wilkinson had diaper mire l. the work of the . . .

cr;ntr;ittee. The committee which looked .ft., the education of ill.i children Cu. rather more iinportsnt than the commitina which dealt with the emptying of ash•toly. end the sweeping of bock pamengee. The eir AIRM AN said that during the part peer there had not been the slighteat indic.ti ii of fesling between the Town Council and co-opted niemirers of the committee.

611 id hp was sorry Gilledllor WHY noon bad heon so vehement. Nothing on, further from his ,the sputter's, mind then to introduce persirmelitiee. All he wanted mu en °Mond minimum of attemilurese The resolution mu carded by Ifi solos to I. THE CHAIRMAN THANKED.

At tho conclosion of the ordinary bit.ineea, Alderman Itrimrrr moved 5 vote of thanks to the Chairmen. Councillor Roberto, he said, woo pre-eminently lilted for the work sod watt an ideel vhairman of the Educa- tion Committee. Every ',within he took he adorned, but he had adorned none more than the position of Maimen of the Education Committee. tio long as Councillor Roberts had health and atrength they wore sure he would have the zeal and the desire to nerve the town to his utmoet ospacity. (Appleton.). Councillor W,ruisooo seconded, and sail he supported very heartily the words of Aldermen &masa. . .

Arr..l-oLtss pot the rrsolution to the vote, and it was serried with accl•mation. Tbe Cm SIRMAN thanked Om Committee for their appreciation of his wort, In the chair, and said of all br poblic n-orb nODM gave him more satisfaction than , that in consection with the &Imitation Gauntlets.. The work had been extremely interesting, and the duties bad been made very eesy by tee courteous comidere. tion h. bad received from all bin colleagues. He hoped Lb. coming year would be marked by some special effort of • progressive ordure in the educational work of Warrington.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
fHE DEPUTY•CHAIRMAN.

The Rev. Canen Sort ENSON, in moving • Vae of thenka to the Vioe-Cbairruen, mild they •Il lnow the teen intermit Mr. Jolley bed taken in the work of the Education Committee from it. beginning. and than also knew the ability with which be managed the enn. al pert of hi. work. (Ifear, bear.) They all felt that be wan in the right place.. deputy-chairman. (Ilear,heir,) Mr. 1,0.1,0 N miconded, and the motion was heartily agreed to. Mr. JOLLY., in reply, said It wee. mail gratification to feel that *ben one ende•voured to serve Co.'. town be had the approvsl of hi. colleague.. It had been • keen pleasure to tele, part, not only in Um monthly meeting. whieh work, to spite of what hie good friend Conecillor Wilkinson bid mid, was molt important for it wee not only for the prempet but the future generatioe. (Meer, bear, and applatise.)

" A BIT Oa." A Runcorn Sessions, on fro-mlay. Samuel 'Nettle, beker. I.rd-street, was eammoond for working • borne in •n unfit condition on March l. Inspector Dean, of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animal*, maid Ins had learned the defendant on February 3r41. and told biro to rest the animal end bandage It. Defendant rid b• bought the home an sound. When be disonvered that it wu " • hit off " Ise uked the man to exchange it. The seller premium/ him a dose, time. to do so, but Imel failed to keep his word. The Chairmen Wr. !raison) mid Dot &foods./ aboald have lied recounts to • legal rwrily against the horse dealer. H. ehoold not hare worked Um anirn.l. would be Seed 10e. and mats.

'LIMPID COMPOUND'I n good Cough WNW, Effeoigg god E.:log*2lW. Of 0122112 Q&7,—Ad,

===== 0002601_19110401_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
www-';,-;10 wesm—

IP

, • -.7.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
, „,--...,..„. OUR SERIAL STORY.

iil MYSTERYITRIIBROiI hiItYFAIR.

JOHN STRANGE WINTER. - •

CHAPTER XV. (Continued.) WIGGINS INCOUNTIIIB SLANDYORD.

" Don't attempt to struggle, Stiggins, be pardon, Mr. Niggins, the respectable, or I may pull the trigger, which would be awk- ward for you and spoil the quilt. The barrel of the revolver nice and cool? Capital re- sew! for • headache, if it happens to explode. Nair trigger; tumble?" Niggins shook like • great jelly, and in the dim light cast by the lantern Slandford could me hie prisoner'. mouth opening and shutting, and the cow•rd's eyee pleading for life. 'I error had bereft the man of speech; bile tongue seemed an if it were glued to tho roof of his mouth.

Blandford wan in his element, for the situa- tion was one exactly to his liking, and he said sportively: "Now. Niggina you are an es- teemed acquaintance of mine, and therefore I don't want to kill you, hut unless you drop Past ngly knob berry of yours, and throw your hand. above your head, I shall be com- pelled to neatter your Arsine on the carpet. You let lodgings yourself, no have a fellow. feeling for the gentleman below who permits gm to rent bin rooms. Be a sensible chap, and acknowledge that at lent you've fairly pet your head into the lion's jowl. Sharp,

Banter changed to 'item command with the last words. and Niggins instantly obeyed ; the life-preeerver clattered on the floor and up went his hands. "Keep 'em elevated. Sit in that chair," pointing to one by the bed- side.

Higgins gem • gasp of relief, which de- lighted Blandford, who realimd to the full the comedy of the situation. "A perfect pet lamb," he remarked, rising from the bed and directing the pistol at Nip- ping', who would with pleasure have strangled this smooth-spoken gentleman had he had but a ghost of a chance of doing it. But he could only stare" helplesnly into the bright steel barrel of the revolver not two inches from his forehead. The man's agony was in- tense, his face livid ; he was thoroughly cowed. "Feel poorly," smiled Blandford, kicking the loaded slick under the bed. Have a drink of water," mini he, tilling • glom. If there was one thing more than another Nig- gins detested, it was water, but he gulped tha liquid down obediently. though the action was accomponied by ouch a wry face of din- gunt that Bloodroot positi•dly roared with laughter, and at this the fellow found his twice. .

"Rite funny! Ow yun, yer eon laugh at a pore chap iyhitt's beaten," he growled. "S'elp me, wot • bloomin' plant. Yer • fraud." Ad- miringly. Any w'ys. yer • big 'on.'' fie gasped for breath. His wrath getting tipper. moot, he exclaimed sith an oath, "Yer • •iee sort 0' cone to tek in a respectable 'mule 'older that calls to ask after yer precious WO. Yer a gent yer are, a masher, a toff, but yer ain't got no sort o' manners to speak of. Ain't yer ashamed to treat • hold pal, what took yer into a respectable 'mute when rr Will. • rag to cover yer skin--who took yer thro' the sewer? Why, Niggins, who fetched yer grub and yerr. boom/ Why, Nig- gins, Hinter Fissgig," waning righteously in- digent, and also abusive, but he altered his tone when he saw Blandford's frown, and whined, "Goin' to rap yer blooming ingrati• tilde and send for the cops." . . .

"Niggins, you hurt me; you do, indeed," ssid Blandford. "Put away an old pal! No, Niggins, you've called to inquire after my health, and I thank you. I'm much obliged to you." "Gar on, yer kidder. Niggles opened bin expansive mouth and grinned widely. "Don't distort your handsome features. That face reminds me of the gargoyles of Notre Dame," said Blandford, in the tones of an adept appraising s work of art. "Gar-gar-what? None o' yer larks. I could just do • gargle of blue ruin. Mister," eiping the drops of water from his scrubby chin, and rising from his chair • few inches, but reseating birneelf directly. Blandford pressed the pistol to the middle of his forehead. "Allow me," said Bland- ford, tearing the crape whirl; had slipped over the man's mouth. "Now we can talk," planting a chair in the front of Niggins. .Why didn't you rap me on the head just now when you had the chance," lie asked. " 'Coe I wan afeard of %olio' yer," said Niggles regretfully. Blandford shook his head, an uncertain smile flitting acmes his face. "Wwelp me Gawd, that's etrite," said Nig- gins earnestly. "Your visit is of • professional character," said Blandford jocundly. "Put the darned pop-gun In yer pocket. I'm tired o' pryin' the gime. of • railway eig- nal, an' me belly arms is list Token yer ropes; "f from etre Prgegder7 hey' yelled;e might go hot!, yer never know; barkers is tricky. Now, stow thin 'ere, or yer'll chirey Niggins into sneerer world." "Oh, thet's it, is it. Rep yer dooks from move, while I search your pockets." "On conditions. Remain still, and don't • pickin' an' stealin'; oh, yew artful howler!" Niggins indignation mastered his fear. and he showed fight, but the sensation of the pistol ageinst his forehead once more brought home to him the expediency of a meek and mild bettring, and he submitted quietly to the overhauling preteen. So thoroughly did Blandford perform the clearing of Mr. Niggins' pockets that that gentleman, instead of feeling aggrieved, lauded his skill, bewailing the fact "that the toff woo • genuine loss to the profession." "A bunch of skeleton keys, a jemmy in three pieces, wax. and • revolver of the bull- dog pattern," Blandford enumerated the articles he had placed on the table in • sing- song drawl, which amused Niggins "Blow me tite, if I don't think yer • swell eracksman yerself." "Thank you, Mr. Niggins, but I must dis- claim the honour. Don't move, please, or there may be an accidental death and • coro- wer's inquest. Have • smoke?" offering a cigarette, at which Niggins turned up his

Smoke.! only fit for kids." ^A rigor then?" Niggins grinned, catching the cigar and box of Inciters that Blendford tossed to him. "Yet jolly cuss, yer are," lighting the cigar. He lolled back in his chair. stretched his legs to their fullest extent, placed his thumbs in the arm-holes of his waistcoat, playing the devil's tattoo on his chest. "If there was only a drop of somethin' ehort--"

" Another glass of water?" eoggested Blendford cordially. "Not me ; what the biases do yer tek ma fur? A New River rencrvor !"

77. .._.. Nigginn forgot the order not to move, but a tap on the head reminded him that he was exceeding the liberty extenid-d by his tamer. huddling himself in his chair, he growled. "On l rite, mate, keep yer 'air on. or yer go bald in the winter," laughing gruffly at his own humour. "Thin jantin'n thirsty work. but I won't undertake to melt the chunk o' lee that in my innarda a'restly. Yer've nie giv'toe a eold, a ehilltte me mid yer water. Ain't yer a gone' to stand treat, old pal?" "In that 61Slaboard at your back you'll find • bottle and glaases. Let me warn you not Ito attempt any hanky-panky, or -- " "I'm strike. I am. "I'm beat ; you're boas." His eyes glistened when he gene the bottle and glaiines to Blandford. mopping bin fore- head with a dirty coloured handkerchief. His face was an wet as though he had dipped his head in a bucket of water. He tossed off • good helping of nest hourly and smacked kis lite. .Itoother gargle, gtrOnor "Not at present; when you Sr. prepared to have."

The brandy had the olloot of making the 'Aso coarrelv olarful.

"S'aelp, if 'e don't look a regular fine Beard in them there togs," pointing jeer- ingly at Blandford's red silk pyjamas. He spread his hands on his knees, leant for- ward, and whispered. "I say, malty, you've popped into clover." "Is that why you came to pay me a visit at a quarter-past two In the morning IL another half-an-hour the sun will be show- ing, and then, well, then the police may ask questions which you couldn't answer. "To the pint. 'Ave yer got that old coat of yourn, 'cos yer mite give a cove--." lie blinked, his eye. shifting. " 'Coe I should loik summut of yours to remember yer by?" "Exchange, Mr. Niggins, is no robbery. I present the coat, and you present thou. housebreaking implements to me." "Rite, me noble," exclaimed Niggine, leaping excitedly to his feet. "Bit down," said Blandford sternly. "Here's the key of the wardrobe; take the garment yourself." There wse no fumbling at the lock, the key went in, the lock yielded without a mound. Biggins winked at Blandford. "Did yer 'ear • click?" he asked. Blandford shook his head. For come reason he was shaking with supprensed laughter. His mirth burnt forth when he saw Biggins grasp the tail of the dilapidated frock-coat and heard his grunt of satisfac- tion,

---4. Now we are mutually satisfied, a parting liquor," said Blandford, filling his own gl•ss from the water bottle and filling up that of Niggins with neat brandy. "To our next merry meeting, Mr. Nig. " 'Same to you, Cully." At the New Bailey, eh 1" "You be —• "

"Be blowed. I'd nar git copped, a plug of le ad 'ud settle my hash.° "I'll see you to the door. In front, if you

r-"TJOod-night, Cully," said the burglar, an he slid Into the early morning mist. Blandford watched him disappear with a broad smile. He was in excellent spirits, and kept rubbing his hands and laughing softly to himself. "No bed for me, couldn't sleep • wink. What a lark! By Jove; I'd give • leaner to new Niggins' face when he drops down to it."

He was so tickled by the incidents of the night that he fairly rolled on the bed in morel-Mons of laughter. Then, modera- ting his exuberance, he collected the bur- glar's instruments, and locked them safely away in a drawer. A cold shower bath made him feel as fresh as • daiey, and then he started for • walk in St. James's Park. The clocke were striking flee, and there was no chance of any breakfast until eight o'clock, but the time seemed short, for he was elabo- rating the details of • campaign which would help Lawson, to whom he was greatly attached. _ _ _

After a beartv breakfast, be dropped off to sleep in him eliair. The aervant tidying the apartment woke him. "By George! Twelve o clock ! Must wire to Chinnery." The telegram despatched, he pottered about, developing several photographs he had taken the previous day. He was experi• menting with -his kodak, when he heard hurrying feet on the stairs. The door swung open, and • man, his face scratched and bruised, thrust in his head, looking wildly at the astonished Blandford, and varished.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XVI.

VICTOR PARATTI AND A RISOLVI.

The boning hum of several voices ascend- ing from below, and the imperative instruc- tions shouted by the constable regulating the traffic in the road, drew Blandford to the window. A motor-ear had caught fire, and was blazing fiercely in the middle of an en- sited crowd. Landlord, servants, and a policeman were in the hall, talking one against the other, till Blandford put • stop to the confusion, by asking from the foot of the stairs:

"What has happened?" "Oh, good morning, sir, most extra-or. ,dinary, air. I may remark, mar-vet-loon, sir," 'replied the officious landlord, pushing for- ward and speaking in • mincing voice which set Blandford's teeth on edge. Running hie eye over the talkative group, he echoed mechanically, "Extraordinary. In- deed. How so?"

Yes, or, very, very extra-ordinary" re- peated the landlord. "The car is burning to ashes, there won't be • stick left. The driver jumped from his seat, and the policeman de- clares he dashed into this house—my house, and I tell him there ain't any of my gentle. men keeps a smelly engine, that goes off In a bang, flash and a blase. But he will have it, and he sticks to it—that the owner or shover is here, and he wants his name and address."

"Yes, I do. There's no plate on the car,' said the police.oan. "The policeman is quite correct, a stranger did look into my room, his face cut and bruised," said Blandford, on the spur of the moment, immediately afterwards regretting that he had disclosed the fact.

" Where is her demanded the policeman, promptly. " That I can't nay; he was gone before I sould recover from the surprise of his sudden intrusion."

'Can you describe him?" asked the police- man, in an aggrieved tone. He was under the impressim that they were shielding the owner of the ear from the penalty incurred by driving at a speed above the limit. "Can you describe him?" repeating his question, because Blandford paused to consider.

"Well, no. The 'glimpse I had of him wae only momentary. I might recognise him if I encountered him, but I am not very sure of it.,,

" Have you any objection to my going over the lord. house?" the policeman asked the land-

the slightest," he replied. "If none of my gentlemen object." " This one certainly dces not, said Bla d ford.

Every floor underwent • thorough inspec- tion, but the driver of the car was not in any

" Oh, please, sir, your bedroom doom been sawed through," exclaimed the page-boy, bursting with importance. " Sawed! What dye mean, you young vagabond. It's some milichief of yours, I'll be bound," said his master, boxing the boy's ears.

--;;-No, it ain't. I never tottehed the door," he howled. " You've no right to hit me; I ain't a niave."

--itian-dfo—rd.. saw with annoyance that the coat he had hung up to conceal Niggins' work lay. upon the floor. . .

1 dim go, thie," observed the policeman, eerutinising the hole. " This here your job, sir?" he asked eareestieslly. "No," maid Blsodford.

"Thought not, professional," remarked the policeman, removing his helmet and look- ing into the interior for counsel. Blandford turned to the landlord. "Mr. Tew, I have had no chance to tell you but last night a burglar broke into my room." Here was • case that the constable was able to understand. He produced his note-book and pencil, which, after moistening the point with his tongue, he, began • crow...mina. lion. "You say • burglar broke into /your rooms last night." " I do," assented Blandford crustily; "The hour?" "Between one and two a.m.," sea' Bland. ford. " Description, please, his festurets, etc."' "1 realty cannot; he bolted befdre I could strike a light." "Did you summon the constable on point duty?" asked the policeman suspicioysh ; tie WAS fairly certain that important idorma- tion WAS being suppressed. " No," replied Blandford, colourin* under the man's evident disbelief

he mused, scribbling psi

in hi book. Thoughtfully tapping- la teeth with his red!, he took a long look at Bland- fords noting every feature.

" Have yen been -ro tne 'station r • was tee next question he put. Blandford understood too late that he had floundered into an unexplainable dilemma, and he hesitated before he answered. " No; I have not."

At this admission the constable's exclama- tion was ao visibly significant that Mr. Tew and the servants stared at Blandford in a manner that he resented, and he offered a very lame excuse, which only increased the auspicious of the officer. "The fact is I am absent-minded." " Absent-miuded," grinned the countable. " You see—" "Well, I don't see, SO tar," muttered the

" I was tired and fell asleep after break- fastL_- - - •

"What they calls mental abberration, tar; I suffer with that complaint when I'm oil dont,. I must report this matter, sir." " ho, by all means, and I'll supply any in. formation required," said Blandford, who having regained his equanimity, spoke steadily enough. "Good morning," rnd the constable des- cended the stairs to find, when he stepped into the street, the motor reduced to a wreck of charred wood and twisted metal, and the crowd steadily dispersing. Mr. 'few was examining the damage of Niggins' handiwork in anything but an ami- able frame of mind.

" I'll pay for the repairs, Mr. Tew," said Blandford. "Though of course I'm not ob- liged to do so." The length of the landlord's fore shortened. "Oh, thenks, sir, thenks. Most obleeged--obleeged," end he took himself out of the room. _

" Who's the owner of this ear?" demanded the sergeant from his subordinate. The two were standing on the kerb talking. " That's what's bothering me," said the constable, who at once commenced to read! his notes as they walked from the scene of the conflagration. Blandford watched their departure from the window with a sigh of relief. He had ex- pected to be cross-questioned over again, and he really did not feel equal to the exertion of fencing two auspicious minions of the law. He began to fear that his injudicious con- cealment of facts would lend to unexpected complications. He looked again from the window, and was glad to see Chinnery and Lawaon assisting a stout foreign gentleman to alight from a touring car. Blandford, supremely glad that his loneliness was thus brought to an end, went to meet them, grasping their hands quite warmly, telling them how pleased he was that they had come back. Then he wnited, wondering why the important, mud - bespattered, little Frenchman was of the party? Then Bland. ford put a question. " Did you receive my telegram before you left"

:tdayChinnery. helping hinmelf to peg of "Then why didn't you come by the train?" . . .

" Well, Cginnery motored down from town yesterday and— here Chinnery broke in on Lawson's dis- jointed explanation. We came by road in pursuit of Miss Trafford, alias Miss Guthrie. ' "Great Scot ," ejaculated Blandford. That lovely woman!" " Miss Morant paddled to Simard's lawn, and landing there she met Lawson. It would be needless to describe the meeting," said he, slyly. "I saw nothing but the fish and the dragonflies. We left the young lady for a few minutes, when we got back she was gone." "We will rescue her," said Simard, lay- ing his hand encouragingly on Lawson 's shudder. _

They had the start, and we failed to overtake them," said Chinnery in conclusion. "And tow' we want some refreshment, you inhospitable beggar." "Give your drinks a name," said Bland' ford. "I have ordered aome lunch. Will you have a cognac, Monsieur?" to Simard. "

" Avec plaisir, Monsieur," replied Simard, his face wreathed in smiles. Indeed h- so much appreciated the old vintage cog- nac that he accepted Blandford's offer of a I second glass. " Allons, Monsieur, you drag me from the water, we drink, we cement a firm fellow. ship," and Simard inclined his head. The impudent page-boy, who was respon- sible for disclosing to the police the very thing that Blandford had wished to be kept a secret, appeared at this moment with the luncheon tray.

There was' no inclination for converse dur- ing the meal. The mayonnaise of chicken, the lamb and salad, and the Grafenberger were consumed in silence. The ravages of hunger, thirst, and fatigue appeased, Law- son allowed himself to be comforted by the hopes instilled into him by Simard during the spin to town. The night was to be an adventurous one. An entry into Trafford House was to be at- tempted, to prove whether Trafford Khan waa really dead or kept a prisoner in his own house. To free Aide from Miriam's thraldom was Lawson's chief object, to accomplish this purpose he would not hesitate to risk life it- self. No obstacle would be too great for him to surmount, but the mystery of the past must be entirely clearest up. He had been the most wretched of men till he had met Blandford and Chinnery. During alt his young life he had trusted none, believed in none, always excepting Aide, whom he adored.

As they smoked Simard began to speak. "Love is the tyrant that rules us, but we must be of sterner stuff, we must not waste the precious hours in dalliance. We have work before us, the work of men. We must be up and doing. The motor jolt, jolt, bump, bump, I could not catch words, you say something of a golden sun, a temple. Tell me your story here, more quietly. I have great hopes that we shall find Mademoiselle, to say nothing of the Light of Ifeaven.•"

"It is not fair, it is not fair." The words broke bitterly from Michael's lips. "What is not fair?" asked Chinnerv, sur- prised at the abrupt exclamation and not realining that he had epoken unconsciously. " That the few should have all the plea- suren of life, and the many only the pains." "My friend, we are all born to trouble and upward sparks," said Simard. "Who in this room has not endured some ills of fortune? Fate in canting her favours is not partial, rich and poor have to mourn their dearest treasures. Allonn, we must allow ourselves no melancholy. To business, Mon- sieur Lawson. Begin, inform me of the facts. 'Brevity is se soul of wit,' therefore be concise."

Ile settled himself down comfortably to hear Lawson's account of the mysterious temple-chamber hidden in Trafford House. And Lawson told all, omitting nothing. "The boots must be found, leave all that to me," mid Simard, closing the book in which he had made copious notes. " That temple of idolatory containn the jewel of my mission. 'together we have a task to accom- plish, but we are on no trail." He sat quite still after this, his head thrown back in quiet thought, his hand abed- ing his eyes. "To-night the search commences. We must carefully mature our plans. There must be_no failure: We must succeed."

Blandford fidgetted uneasily in his chair. You have something on your mind, same- thing to disclone," the Frenchman said shrewdly. Bland:wed smiled. "How do Ton know?" " I can read it in your face, and in your eyes," maid Simard, and, leaning well for- ward, he placed his hand on Blandford's arm. "What was the meaning of this morning'. telegram?" "Yes, the meaning of your wire," en- •lutimed Lawson and Chinnery simultsne• "I thought you'd all he jolly curious. Well, it happened to be the biggent practical joke I ever perpetrated in my none too clever and to the astonishment of bin hearers, he burst into a hearty laugh. "Hanged if I can see thy point of the joke," staid Chinnery, looking meaningly at the tantalus.

..... "No. Archer, I am not screwed, not even elevated, you slanderer of a friend's sobriety. Mr. Niggins paid sir a professional visit last night, or rather early dila morning." Then Blandford narrated the story of his adventure with Mr. Niggles. "1 cannot see the fun," said Simard.

No I.'. remarked. ebinn,ery. or I am

It&oIy

" What'for did he want the ragged coat?" Lawson did not give Blandford time to im- part the required information, for he rose from the couch, pale as • sheet, and faltered: "The necklace was concealed in the lining of that coat." "True, hut—"

" Then, the only due to the original of the portrait is lost for ever. It in in the posses. shin of Miriam again, and I am undone." His emotion choked the reproaches on his tongue and he walked up and down the room, almost distracted. " But why distress yourself like thus, Mon. Mend" said Simard.

Blandford volunteered a short account of how the diamond necklace came to be found. " The stating of diamonds is evidently an important clue leading to the heirs of the wearer. Miss Trafford has a kt wledge of this, and is determined to regain possession by means not quite according to Cocker. The rase remained in my discarded old coat for months before I discovered it. Lawson, be- lieving the stones to be part of the property, of which the Khan had defrauded him, de- cided to retain them till he could prove his theory to be right or wrong. Don't you think, under the circumstances, he is justi- fied in what he has done?"

"A matter of law, on which I will nay nothing. How came you to imagine that they were the property of Mimi Trafford?" Simard salted.

Because Captain Odonery had seen Miss Trafford wearing them." "And now the precious ornament in gone?" observed Simard, puffing the smoke from his cigarette into rings, and watching them din. solve against the ceiling. Lawson groaned, but Blandford wan most curry. Simard wondered what was coming, end Chinnery considered that his friend was decidedly unfeeling.

"I an not quit' a green horn, oh, dear, no. My verdancy wan chipped off early. I've had experience of the crooked and the straight; of knaves and beautiful, deceitful woman. Lawson, you have no cause to doubt my good faith. You relied upon me to secure your treasure; therefore I formulated a safe. guard." . . . _

Here ho paused and helped himself to a drink.

"You see cunning has to be met by deeper cunning or you may come a cropper. I was Always sure that Higgins would track me down sooner or later. He didn't intend to make me a present of that necklace. The police were after him and he thought he would trust to luck and so he deposited the case in niy pocket. My opinion is that lie never actually lost sight of me. The neck- lace ass wanted, when he found that no questions would be asked, he called upon me, on the off chance that I had retained the old coat Ito a memento of pan glories—or misery," he muttered under his breath, as he thought of the soaking night when he hail stood, wet through, cold, hungry, and for- lorn, in the doorway of the house in the Eleven Dials.

"But your cunning failed. The enemy has won the game," said Simard gravely. " lias he?" And Blandford burnt into a laugh. "Bacuele my unseemly merriment, but I think you will join me in it when you see the comic side of the sell. A great big do, a regular sporting event. What Niggine will nays well, to be frank, having heard a sample of the language he can employ, I would much rather not be within earshot." "''

" You make a little trick, hein?" And Simard rubbed hie handn in anticipation of a re‘elation.

" Yes, I had a replica made; an exact counterpart of the diamond necklace, exe- cuted in paste, price fifteen pounds. I thought it was worth it. Here, gentlemen is the real Simon Pure," mounting on a chair, and taking a cardboard box from the top of the heavily-carved black oak chimney _ glass, where the box reposed in a next of dust. Simard simply revelled in the brilliancy of the atones. Lawson could not speak ; he only looked his admiration of his friend's precau- tion. But on Simard'n brow there remained a cloud of perplexity, as he deftly dangled the snakelike line of glittering gems from finger to finger. "May I be permitted to nee the miniature of the lady to whom you any thin necklace originally belonged r Lawson intently opened hie vent, placing the silken bag in the Frenchman's hand. Un- doing the ribbon. he gazed long and earnently at the features limited by an artist of supreme skill.

"The necklace is the same; no question of that," said Simard impressively to those seated round him. Then he added: "I re- cognise the lady, and if she is your mother you may be proud of her, Monsieur Lawson," bowing profoundly. "Her name, for Heaven's sake; tell me her name," implored Lawson excitedly. "Not now; for the present her name is locked in my breast." "Spare me suspense," cried Lawson, los- ing his self-control. "I must be sure."

L;t;;On- ;O-ulTi;ot be repulsed. 'You do not, you cannot, comprehend that your re- fusal is inflicting the pangs of the damned

'Simard bowed his head, •nd in tones of deep compassion said: "I must be cruel." "It in the refinement of torture sus- pense," raged Lawson. "I cannot speak yet. Be content, my friend."

• The reassuring notes in the detective's voice calmed Lawson.

"May I have a copy of this portrait," touching it reverently. "You may," assented Michael readily. "When?" "Now," said Chinnery. "Your kodalr. Alec, will come in useful."

Blandford fetched his 'kaiak, and, on an undeveloped plate, saw the fare of the man who was supposed to be the missing owner of the motor destroyed outside the bootie. "Look, here's a funny snapshot; taken on. &wares. The fellow poked his head into the room and was fixed, ."

The three men leaned over the kodak to inspect. In an instant Simard's easy infor- mality was gone. Ile seised the kodak, gazed piercingly. furiously at the negative, and through his clenched teeth hissed, "Signor Victor Paratti the man that I have vowed to track down and kill."

Chinnery, Blandford, and Lawson were aghast at thin unexpected denouement. For a short while Bimard's suppressed hate was awe-inspiring; then he slowly regained his acf:ustomary composure. . .

r "There are degrees. there are depths of de.. pravity, such as shatter our ideals of human nature. Of all the legions the deli! hes let loose upon this earth, this man is the very worst."

"What has he done?" the three men cried In • breath.

- " Done ! Done !" His cynicism fell au ay like • cloak, his consuming rage finding vent in words. "You ask what this creature has done? He has committed the worst crime to me and mine; he betrayed my sister's only child, and broke her young heart. When a woman loves a man she cares leetle if he's good or bad. No. she just loves and loves, prays and dies. Man outrages a woman'. faith; she forgives, but it is not no with men. Until now Paratti hun evaded me; but now Pardieu, ho in within striking distance, anti then the punishment is mine. Not imme- diately, no. He shall endure the torture of suspense ; he shall feel that his enemy is pursuing him, never far behind, ever ready to pounce upon 'im. Mon Dien. he shall suffer —suffer, and then—die. Pardon, Messieurs, that my emotions have run I.IIV sub me. To business. I begin to see light, the darkness is going, rind to-night, Messieurs, together we begin our search. arid Trafford 'QUM shall its secret." (Ti be enaim...)

BRONCHITIS AND ASTIIII. Cared after 30 Yearn be ENf ES LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. Mr. 3. Churchill, of Dowlish Wake, Ilminster. Somerset, nay.—" Nearly 30 years ago I contracted inflammation of the lunge, which left me with Bronchial Asthma of a very savers type, my cough being no had that people said that if ever they hoard 'churchyard cough,' I had it. I bought! should never get better, hut at lest I tried Vent) (4 Lightning, Cough Cure, and now my asthma is entirely gone. Veno's Lightning Cough Cure WWI awarded the Grand Prix and Gold Medal for safety end effioacy at the recent Paris Health Exhibition, and is a perfect remedy for all chest, lung and throat trouble, Price 01d., and 2:9 of all chemists.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Queen's Train Beare', Tlia errangem ents for the Coronation in Weatmiuster Abbey bare now been dtlinitelv settled, and the Ent; hse approved of Sus order of err/mu-mist end ins • ideate! details. Three mostly follow the precedents, of the last Coronet ion. Twit there will he a very noticeable change in the I Queen's print...ion, no her Majesty (ion decided to have girl train-bearers instead of pages as Queen Alexandra had at the C tronation in 1902. This in a reversien to the older custom on bitch occasions, as Q•leen Mellott° CI emelt of George 111. Queen Adelaide, Consort of William IV. and Queen Victoria were all attended by a bevy of essith.The girle,daughters of English, Scottish, Irish and Welsh peers, who will attend her Majesty, will wear white draftee with abort Gaily., end will make • charming tent tire of the Qiienn'ti procession. Sunday Othervence. NI id-Lent Sunday is the oceseion for many special otherytheen, and on that day parishionere are supposed to attend their own parish church. lint how many people never think of entering their pariah church, or any other (—and it wth not surprising that this decline in the outward observance of religion wes the theme of innumerable pulpit refer- ence. last Sunday to the ter•centenery celebration of the bone of the authorised version of the Bible. Pothibly one reason why more people gdo not go regulerly to church in because little is done to adopt the time character, and length of the services to an the whiCh differe entirely from Early Victorian tilts( n, when Sundry dullness Ina amounted piety. It is partly the reactit n from that tradition that ha. fostered the taste for popular Sunday smusement., and it would perh.p. be better for the lenders of religious thought to adopt the ...men to the convenience of these Sundey pursuits, rather than in vainly railing against them,•nd reproaching Stolle who net no sufficient reason in their actions for that condemnation.

Old Trine Icamtie.—Some fifty years ago, when it wan the custom in Scotland to spend Sunday with the blinds drawn, Robert Chambers of Edinburgh, had two pews at different churches, became, as he said," when I am not in one, it will always he concluded by the charitable that I cram in the other." No such device is open to the maidens of the little Devonshire town of Holswortby, where, come seventy yearn ego, the rector at the time made provision for an ann.t gift of fifty shillings to be given to the prettiest young girl eat there, who I. also the beat church goer. Them old- time bounties help to rotten •illege life out of the monotonous rut on certain occasions in the year, and It is a pity there are not more of theta, Pinch as that of John How of Guildford, whosecharity causes an snnual excitement among the servsnts or the town. Among similar charities there have keen several for conipeti- tir na for repeating from memory the Ten Command- manta or portions of the Scrsptures. There is an American accordine to the "Christina Advocate " of New York, who hen accomplished the task of com- mitting !be whole Bible to memory, and van repast any portion of it, from a given doe. The All-British Week.—The London properaboot 500 of the principal eetabliehments have been engeged this I week in the scheme of entitling all British good. Many of the London miburbs however, and a large number of pro•incial towns have alno don holding •n All- British Shopping Week, no that with an experience no I varied in charewer and locality, it ought to be possible I to obtain a reliable estimate of the 'milts of this I interesting and enterprising experiment. As to I whether these reel& a will encourage an extension of I the movement depends very largely upon the All- British housewife, and, to judge from apearanceit, she in more than willing to respond to the effort,' of British manufacturer. •nd liiitish retailers, to associate a petriotic preference with tontines. About born—lt is an unhappy het that oar retail homier do not give the eupport they might, to home- made carmen., which are far itoperlor to those made at Leiprig,Para, and Berlin. The Continental article is often inertly thrown together, and the shins inferior to those purchased by our own furriers. Grey squirrel iv probably still the most popular, end its motioned popularity may to relied upon, for a good stole and muff may le obtained at • very moderate rties. Many people consider silver fox the most beautiful of fur,, but its p,i,4' in prohibitive. It is said that next winter bear will he in great demand. There are two varieties the brown nod tileck, and Vie former found principally in the tewitery of the Hudson'. Bay Co. is the more valueble. White bear indenter still, a shin ranging in price front to it to twenty•flve The " Tub " Model, and New Wrips.—The" Tab" model is sheen in thopland, nails of two material. striped and plain. the tonic • fleet tieing ohdained by bends of contrasting materiel laid on the skirt mid-way between the waist and the hem. Cotton poplirs make smart little hoc., end several cotton materials reeembling Sbentune are used for the same purport,: These ere in missore, and pastel ehedes of es.ensive range. Linen also promises to be in favour. Through- out the Yin'er long black satin costa bane been a favourite It rap to Cover a snout afternoon gown. The., will give piece in summer to not and laze coata for the matron, and dust-crate of ninon-veiled sat in, Shantueg and ...Dent cloth- for yetinger °nod,. They email high waisted with big collars end cuffs, in contrast to the fabric of the con. More grsoeful oral's Ulan the. in black oat, livired, solitude, or embroiderrrd in bright flocs silk, have seldom ie. off ered. Iheiitifully cut, and anemic in outline, they ere yet very light in weight. Heade ar and Trimmings.—la balance the scanty gown, hats see more generous then ever, and very flat, thane, height in gained by means of plum., or roses standing upright on their stalk. The brim of the hat

is in most rates turned back from the face, and aome• times it is al," caught, op behind. Slack crinoline is braided with white straw, and limped into r high shape, then trimmed with some vivid COIOUf such al cerise or Royal blue, rind thin design semi übiquitoun. Much more quiet and relined however is the black crinoline draped with a tandem. if uentral raffia with wooden beadwork ari trimming. Bright thedes in Tagal are seen everywhere; there seem, no he no getting away from the glowing cherry and vivid Moen, which are con- tpicuorie in every milliner'. window. A " Coronation feather has appeared, which pommies the adventage of being leis fragile than the homer, whose knotted fronds ill too often break under the cleenerre manipulations. This new feather in very foil at the top, but like the lancer it is only for well-filled purees School girl Millinery—Theschool-eirl inky no means forgotten by millinery in these demand very becoming yet altogether simple ire many of the new model., more especielly those oth grnceftilly waved brims, and large ribbon ltors. Woodland wreaths, with ribbon and velvet trimming. on neither high-crowned hit, with wide waved brim, is on ideal design for iummer ,wear, end for al fresco parte... Sailor hats have large iennevrhat high crowns, and are trimmed with a plain hand of coloured or black velvet. Small rose. hive quite naturally muds. Stallion for other smell finsvers, ouch rnyosotes, cornflowern, and all blonsoms that can reproduced in smell since. So prejudicinl, however, to the maker. of artificial flowers in the rimy& vogue for fembors, that a syndicate has been formed to endeavour to bring back the fashion.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE BOY SCOOT RALLY.

General Sir B. S. S. Baden-Bowell lespectsd • great gathering of Boy Scouts on the Aleaandra Ground, Crewe, on Seturday. The aseociations represented were Stockport, Chester, Crewe, Winsford, flashy, Altrinchain, Burnes', Wallasey, Macclesfield, and troopa from other town. There are nearly 3,000 toasts in Cheshire, and over 1,200 were on parade. Bach of the detachments was put through venous movements, including physical drill, signalling, • nsbulauos display, bridge builotag. Ac., and at the close over 1,000 scout. ewooped down on the Chief Scour, shunting their res- pective patrol calls,and earl the" Fseniouyase "chorus. At a meeting •fterwarda to the Town Hall Sir It. S. S. Baden-Powell said the Cheshire Scoots were moving on the right lines. One little fault vas creeping Into the movement—namely, the admisision of boys at too young no age. lie spoke to three boys that efternoon I who earn under ten. They should not be let in until eleven or twelve, and the best age wan fourteen. If the boy. were too young they were apt to overstrain them- selves. Ile hoped that any feeling that they were trying to imitine tho military would lie dirsipated.

WORN-OUT MEN With wrecked nerves end impaired phyeicel vigour should take DB. CASSELL'S TABLETS.

Have you been heroine the media at both tads Are you solaria( from oervesod physical break.

Have you kidney and digestive troubles ? Do you lack organic energy ?

Or are yois inlay way weak, thin, nervous or debili- tated, or suffering from any tone of physical and nerve exhaustion? It so, a course of Dr. Canon's Tablete will speedily and permanently core you. Ilia greet remedy is pure, safe and reliable, and contains just wing is necessary to wore-out turtles of nerves and orgasm, sod is the most remarkable body builder sod reetorer of modern times. Dr. Cassell'• Tablets are sold at 104 d., le I jd. snd 2s. 9d. by all diernista. Send two stareim to Dr. Caaaoll's Co., Ltd., King St., W., Ittaacbeater, for • free trial hen.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
IDiSTRICT ri

Moore.

Em I AI. EVENIN...—On Wedneeday last the closing social of the winter session was held in conned ion with the Wesley Guild. The President, the Rev. F. W. Keret,* M.A., presided over a muscat entertainment given by members of the choir. Mr II Crateright opened with • pianoforte solo. Duels were wolf rendered by Messrs A 0 Dale And It Ellison, and Messrs sod If Cartwright. Mr Dale also song " Roses " in rod style, and Mr Ellison sang 'One touch , of Nature makes the whole world kin." The part song " Let the bills resound '• was given by the full choir, and the ruogramme concluded with a humorous sketch entitled " Lost Luggage " by Nlessrs J Certwright, Wilkinenn, WI Cartwright, T Plutopton,E Certwright, 8 del'rer sod the Mimes IS sod E Tsoner nod V dePres. Refreshments were then nerved under the admirable stipervision of the Socivl Committee. Games were then enjoyed until about ten o'clock. The winners In • competitir n which wee held during theevenine wetot: —Ladies, Nitre Evelyn Besnett l'".f." Millington. JUNI /ME SAI.E.--A well attended Jumble Sale was held in the Nlilner Church Institute on Tititeday after- noon, under the direction of. fee locel ladios. The proceeds sill be handed to the District Nursing Association.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
Gra ppenhall.

• . LIBERAL WIIIN r flails.—Member. nod friends of the thappenhsli I.ilmeal Association apent a very en)oyable time on Thursday evening Inst. A w hot drive ned sacial was the form of amusement and it was held in the schoolroom " Ferndale " Grappenbell. There were nbout 50 present amongst whom were : Mr Charles Jackson Holmes (president) and Mm Holmes, Mr J Keriworthy (vice-president) and Mrs Kenwortby, Mr Alfred liadfirth (chairman of the Executive C rnittee and his Emilia's, Mr Nathan Cook. jun.' (seemtury and Mrs Cook. The whist drive commenced at 731) and proceeded happily up to the interval, when refreshments were handed round by the gentlemen. During the interval Mr Holmes brielly addressed those present and urged Lem to keep up the good work they had already begun. Continuing Mr Holmes said that since the beginning of Mr King's campaign had be seen such hopeful prospects. They hail a good and useful committee and he hoped that (whilst not forgetting the political side of the work n any more social functioim would he held. (Applause., At the close if the games Mts. Holmes Presented the prime to the tollow Mg successful players :—Mr Turton, first gentleman's prim ; Mr II Sbakeshaft, pia) ing a, lady, first lady's prize ; Mr. Willman, playing as lady, second lady's prise ; Mr. Nathan Cook, booby prize. Mr. George Short moved a vote of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen for the splendid wily in which they had ninnaged the nrfange- meaty, and also to Mr. Drew who had no kindly enter- tained It em with gramaphone selections. Mr. Hadtirth aecondei end the vote was heartily accorded.

Penketh. PRESENTATION.—At ill, usual fortnightly meeting of Mr.. C. E. Parker's eewing meeting which is held at Denketh Lodge, Miss Lucy Bell was presented with a silver chased hat-pin biarght by the women of therein", Mrs. Jots Ireland made the presentation and :woke in high tone of Miss lielbs worth to the clew, end said that the members held her in high enterern,. Mire bell had taken the close for some time during Mn. Parker's ebeence•broad. tr SO, tat—The lost tooled of the wagon under the eurpices of the Wesleyan Onild wise held in the Weeleysn Sunday echool on Saturdry lest. There were a good number attended. A capital programme of music, lobos, end recitations was gone through. Mr. J. Midwood had erranged the programme Ind Mr. J. Ilampeon bud made the room look vary inviting with decoretions. After the programme had been gone through end refreshments had been handed rnund,genree were italulged in. Mr. Murphy (secretary) had these in band. Mr.. Dodds presented the price, to those winning the competitions. The Rev. F. W. liernick aro the thairnwo.

000.. LA HOUR Pim-Y.—The local Labour Party held their annual meeting on IVednesdlay evening in the Wesleinn School. 'I he precident (Mr. George Faulkner, prrsided, and openrd the nareting with • speech in which he expreesed ratisfaction with the state of the party locally. It had grown in rumbers god he was full of hope for the future. The balance sheet, which was introduced by the Secretary Mr. E. irlathnlh, wee received nab great Applause se there was a tolence on the tight side. Alter • discussion the eketi. n of officer for the neat year took place and rest,Pod in the following being e!ected —President. Mr tireige Faulkner ; viee-president, Mr A T Clay secret.iry, Mr E Marshall ; assistant secretary, Mr J Hugh. ; tretteunr,Mr if Shaw. There were also seven others as a committee, two of this number being ladies.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
Padgate.

Wnsibiv GUILD CLOSING SOCIAL—The closing social of the session wee hild in the echoolroom on Monday evening last, under the presidency of CAI He, T. (Gadding, who remarked that it Would be Lb. last Guild service in theold school. The work of pulling it down and building the new school would be commenced next week. Unfortunately he would rot I sable to we the new school completed as he would be leaning for a new circuit in August. Au excellent proven:wan of music, (AMOS Cc., was thin proceeded with •—ltlias Dricie (Sledding TeIVIPIN d .pianoforte solo ; Mire Ron. sang" Waiting " and 'Tie not true" ; Miss Duckworth sang '• Ihe beat of a passionate heart " and " Venice Waters " (encored) ; Mr Venables tens God who readeit Earth and !leaven "and blow, thou winter wind" (encored), Various con3petitious were entered into with sea, that for word-building " twins won by Mrs. (Gadding; pig drawing, (blindfold Mr II Tomlin. Refreahroeute were provided and a very ploaaant evening spent by all.

P titivit Msurtsri.—The annual parish minting was held in the Church Schools on Tuesday evening, Mr It Deolitem .ch•iimen of he Perish Council, presiding. An account of £l2O for the lighting of the divtrict was pa sod—Mr. Thorns. Word raised the quo tion of the rating if the parish and alleged that there wee consider• elle diversity in the assesenients. Without mentioning names he cited cases in support of his contention, and rail there bed evidently been no valuation since the days of IFseen Anne. Laughter.)—A n ani mat ed discus- sion ensued, in which Mr Thomas itirtles. Mr Gorge Mather, ant Mr 0 Walker took parr, the overseers meting that the question woald have their attention Th. question which was reined et the lest annual meet• ing as to Pedgete bsing of sufficient importance to have a palling station of its own on election days waarliscussedcmd the Clerk was instructed to open negotiations with the County Council in order to Sting abont the desired improvement.—Mr. K. Enplanil dimn attention to certnin building operations which had recently Wren place in the pariah and which he said would interfere with the proper carrying out of the Town Planning Act. He said it must be obvious to everyone that the powets of the Pariah Council were not aderinate to the requirements of the district and he suggested thet they should ask the Rural Dist riot Council to delegate some of their powers to them ; no that proper building lams end definite plans as to the future tuildinf a could be th)roughly considered and carried out, with the object of achieving uniformity. An interesting dismission wes taken part in by Metiers Mather, Denham, Riffles, W Howard and Walker,and it vres decided that the Parish Council should take the matter into their serious consideration.—The question of the Coronation festivities was brought forward and it was decided, on the suggestion of Mr Howard, to hold. special meeting of parishioners on Teem:ley next to der He Igiqkt fern) tll2,,,nr!nents should take.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
Winwick,

A PAESI/MIS EUlNtre CIIOP3. .0. ACFION AGAINST THE ASYLUM CONLMITIES. Longton •. Winwick Asylum Corner ittee.—A f ter three day.' tearing of evidence lest week, and after en Inspection of the site by Mr. Justice Grantham on Monday, the closing stages in the action which Peter Longton, a Winwick farmer, brought against the Visiting Committse of the Minnick Asylum for . derro•wil Vr negligence in the in ins of amts leacad on Tuesday. The plaintiff's care um that prior to 1908, the rein eater from hi• land had drained iuto era adjoining brook. Thin worked satisfactorily ; hilt in 19011 the Wendell's filed up the brook end mid down a eystem it I pipe drsi•age, which plaintiff alleged was defective inasmuch es it canted his lend to le flocded end did damage to his crops to the extent of £237. For the defence it was contended in evidrnce that the lb oding was Ott due to the defendants drainage scherne,and that the plaintiff's claim was excessive. When the nowt reetweed. . . . .

1/ 11V11 1 Ile F igrmilutru, Mr. If ighy Swift, (ll', who represented the plaintiff, exprested his satisfaction that his lordship had Inspected line site on the previous cloy. Fits Lordship smilingly replied that be had list three trains over the inspection, which hoc lasted longer than he expected—front II a.m. to G p.m. Mr. Sutton (for the defendants) : I hope your lordship did not catch cold. His Lordship I hope not ; but it was something like the steppes of Siberia °tit there. (Laughter). Mr. Swift : lien good job your lordship bad not a flood sr well. Mr. Sutton : They are so common there. Mr. Swift : Yen; since the Winwick Asylun went there, they have become ore of the features of the heighhourhood. (Laughter, His Lordship said the Cil96 wan very difficult°nn to decide, and he could not posaidly have done justice to it if he hod not inspected the site. Final arguments were thee submitted by counsel, Mr. Sutton first of all urged that under the terms on which the land sr si held by the plaintiff from the Eoclesiastical Commissioners his remedy was ogainst - LINSXrD COMPOI,D' for Coughs, Colds, and Bronchiral troubles. 9jd., Is. led. Of Chemists.—Ativ

the Commissioners, and not against the Asylum Com- mittee. Ile we. tryirg to get an advantage for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners which was against all precedent. As to the manner in which the drains were laid, couneel submitted that the defendant, pipes were In good order, and were effective for the purpose whilst other pipes over which plaintiff had control were defective. Mr. Rigby Se ift said the elamogehr A orisen throng's the act of the defendants. The brook would have ore- tinned to carry off all the wetter, Slit heal done for fifty years, if the defendants had not interfered with it and anbatituted for it a line of pipes which could not be regarded as proper end etellicient. On the quest'oe of damages, counsel asked his lordship to award hint the sone claimed for actual loss contained by the flood- ing, plus a further som no compenent i on for the pernonoi inc.veolence involved, . . .

Il Lordehip announced that he would give judg- ment in London. LyelM.

ICONOREGATIONAL Ciii,,u,l.—On Snndny evening, an evsncelistic service was held in this chorch. The Rev. A. Barrett erindooeil the service. Miss Ir. Evens rendered aa to Rock rif Agee " very creditably. Sanlieyie hymns were snng and the service was bright end much sppreciated by all.

LSNINI Saturday evening en enter- tsiornent W. held in the Drill Hall by the Minnehaha Amateur Minstrels. There vas a good number prment and they thoroughly enjoyed the proceedings. This club beg now been going on fur two years, and has now on its books about 100 members. CONGRROSTIoNAI. Colll,l us Snout. 13‘... —The service was held on Mooday evening in the school vestry, when a good number of young people were present. Mr. Moser gave the address, hie subject being " Life and its prep.-Minn," which meg listened to with great interest. Miss Alsggie Leigh rendered a coin' In the sseet by and by " very creditably. Mr. Clerks ',ether presided. The meeting concluded with short prayers from various is embers. Busy Bice SOCIETS.—A very successful evening in connection with this society wen held on Wednesday in Om Beptist schoolroom, Higher-lane. There was a good gathering for tee, and the after proceedings con- sisted of songs, etc. Anerldres• wee given by Mr Walley (rnissionsry). During the evening the different orticles which bare been made by the scholars and friends were on viesw. These articles are to go shortly to the mission Meld. Mr Politer wan present at this gathering snd helped to make the proceedings more enjoyable. LANTERN SitllVlclo—A good gathering assembled on Sunday evening to the above teryke, which was held in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom. The story illustrated en the scrzen was entitled " The mesmge of the flowers," and was much enjoyed. Miss kleggie Winstanley rendered a solo very effect Del, during the eyeni-g. Mr. Arthur Thomas occupied the positicn of leader. Mr. Sidney I.inley gave a short address near the close and the proceedings concluded with a short 'wryer meeting. EVASOEI.I,TIC MlSilON.—The meetings were con- tinued on Monday evening in connection with the above and wren held lathe Primitive Methodist School- room. A large ttlldience attended the meeting which sae conducted by Mrs. Redford. On Tuesday evening the meeting was for the young convert. and quite good number attended. On Wednesday evening the concluding meeting was held and a large gathering again assembled. Mr W T MOon conducted the meet- ing, and the Rev It W 13 Whiteway spoke. The feature 1 of the evening was the presentation of a Bible to Mrs Redford for the grrat and valuable service which she has rendered during the mission. It was presented by Mr IV T Moss from tie members of the Christian Endeavour Society and the United Mission Iliad and several friends. Slrs Redford said it was the hest of all gifts and would always bring to her mind sseet rnr nrories of Lyme,. MR. KEIITY-FLETCHER AND THE HOUSE OF

===== 0002601_19110401_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
COM NI 6

Mr. J. R. Reirtr-Fletchsr, M.P., who on Saturday afte•noon declared open new Conservative (lob prorniaes at Hale, in the Altrincham Division, said he had been ahtouirbed since he went to tile House of Commons to find how ultra-extravagant the Radicals were. He surrg• tried a great Improvement would he that a fiasco. committee should be made of the basin., men lithe house to look after the detail.. The Liverpool docts undertaking beds flasnce Committee, and details were sent to that committee. Ile thottght the House of Commons should haven finance com- mittee to I mop in check somewhat the Radicals' gross extravagance. SIR WILLIAM CROSSLEY AND THE

===== 0002601_19110401_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
PEACE MOVEMENT.

Speaking rit tep—regvinig-tlv.e—P;acte-- —meeting at the Manchester Town Hall on Wednesday, Sir William Crossley said he thought it aim noteworthy that President lofts proposal should have been brought before the House of Commons by Sir Edward Grey in the midst of a great debate ..a Armaments. He hoped that in the first place the agreement would he settled between no and the I 'oited Staten. If we went shout the world touting for France or German, or other nations to come in it e should place otirsolv.3 in an undignified position. When other anti no saw the result of the agreement, he believed they would come in of their own record, and that was what we wanted thtni to do. (Cheer.,

LYMNI COUNCIL. NEW. sEAVAGIC SCHEMIC.

The monthly meeting of the Lymm Urban District Council was held on Thumrisy evening, at the Town Hall, Mr 0 ii Smith presiding. There were also present (—The Rev 0 BThorston, Messrs T Warburton Ivice-chairomn, R II Gutohed, F Lockyer, S Ilsvies, W G Groves,. JH Hi ult, IV Ilullard lerk), 0 Mort (surveyor, W L Donaldarn (gas manager, shd Dr De Jong (medical officer of health . 0001100009 APPOINTLI.. Mew,. W. U. Groves and S. Gould were re.apptints overseers for the ensuing year.

TII P. RHT. G. 11. THIrII',TON ON TOWN PLANNING.

The Rev G R Thurston, oho was a delegate to the recent Town Planning Conference along with Mr Mullard and Mr Mort, gave an interesting account of his visit in the course of which he sud that the thing %blob struck him straight away was that they had rot grasped the principles of the Town Planning Act, for dirty had not realised ihe tremendous effect it would have upon the powers of local authoritiets, and that it would ettpersede all bylaws and give them powers over the district which they never possessed before. The Act had to do entirely with land which was not Wilt upon and gave full powers to corporations over their auturbv, in the matter of deciding where the roads khould be, where there should be open speces and other vomit'e, for the patio. They had to imagine that their district would some time have to he !developed and under the provision of the Act it would ! be done by the local aathorities in co-operation vrith the land-osners. The Act wombi put an end to the erection of slum property nod it gave to the local authorities for the first time in history full control over the dietrict. To form a plan of development would take at least IS months and it was most import- ant that they should get to work in Lynsm. lie gave !notice that at the next meeting of the Council he would move • resolution t t the effect that in Its; than two months the local authority all ruld consider the adoption of the Act. The Chairman said it seemed to him that one of the 'greet advantases of Ibis Act was hint there would he A tendency on the part of influential perilous to lake more Interact in public life, lie was sore that the Act would do gnat things for the district. Mr. (botched also remarked that it would make • great difference to the district.

° Mr. Groves said that the act went very serious conaideration, before they inarkell out the district. They were not, he said, to consider it solely to keep I.yraro a reaideptiel district.

l:rf.1:" or Multi.: TRAIN", In reply to a letter from the Clerk to the London and North-Weatern Railway Cionpary, the said he bet received a communication stating that Va railway company did rot leo their wiy to pomp, tie l 9 glltle !:A., the 7 o'clock train ran M;nohkill'er to Warrington, as it was timed to arrive ig Warrington to meet the train for Cheer ri Mr. Davie, n overt that the London and North- Western Railway be asked if they coold not see their way to rim a train from :Manchester on week nights I between 7 o'clock and 9,

Several memhere eniorroul Mr DAVIS 4 expresiions and a resolution to that effect wna car,

Till, SEWN:E....II/ME.

Though it hes I,een recognised for some time that the present sewage system is not adequate for the needs of the district, the Council hers tried to make temporary arrangements so as to keep down extra expenditure well the loan on the present system, which has only another two years to go is paid off; but after a long correspondence with the Mersey ar d Irwell Joint Committee they were Wormed by the Joint Committee that a scheme .bad to he put in hand immediately end forwarded to them not later than three months hence. . . .

On Ibtinday Mr. Moult gave notice thst be would move at a special meeting of the Council on Monday rest that the matter be advertised asking for competi- tive scheines to be aubssitted.

E COLLIERY _OIO,TER 17,D.

It ass mentioned by Mr. Gotobed that Although the Council fond for the Maypole Colliery disaarer only realised £5, much more must Lane been sent through other channels for the relief of Ito sufferers.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF.

WAFTIi.rI,II.ITON,

Ciddi PitizE—lbe find l for the club prize was played on Saturday. L Holden, return•nu a card 3 down to , bogey. wine the club and takes the first sweepstakes, J He herd with 1 down, taking the second. Scores :—L • Holdcri, 3 down ; .1 51 Murray. 3 ; C ii Unsworth. 3 ; J Hepherd, 4 ; II Kiricconnel ; 5, C C Hutchings :5, G Owen ; 5, G Guest 5; A Know lee, 5 : T B Handley.° F W Wareing, SI ; M Brady. 3 ; F S Horner. 10; E L Robinson.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
Photo] Innge. HIS LORDSHIP SURVEYING THE LAND IN COMPANY WITH MR. NEWCOMBE, THE DISTRICT COUNCIL SURVEYOR.

A more or less congenial task was that on which Mr. Justice Grantham was on Monday engaged. For three days last week a claim for damages against the Visiting Committee of the Winwick Asylum by Mr. Peter Longton, farmer, occupied the attention of his lordship in St. George's Hall. The plaintiff alleged that by altering the drainage system the defendants were responsible for his land being flooded and his crops being ruined. Expert witnesses were called on both sides, and the evidence was so complicated that the judge

decided to visit the site himself. The case ended on Tuesday and His Lordship reserved judgment. In his spare time Mr. Justice Grantham is an agriculturist of no mean pre- tensions, as is shown by the fact that he was able to tell the plaintiff during the hearing of the case that he (the judge) made a little , better profit on his potatoes than the plaintiff seemed to have made on his. During his peregrinations on Monday, which lasted most of the day, His Lordship likened the exposed Winwick fields to the" steppes of Russia.-

(Cheery). The prospect of one's] and industrial Ingin• lation Iran one of the hopeful signs of tbe moment. Mrs. Crouchley, on behalf of the Women'. Labour League, then presented to Mrs. Seddon a g.dd bracelet net with pearin, and the chairman, on behalf of workers in the Newton Di•inon, prenented to Mr. Seddon en illuminated •ddrees. accompanied by a purse of gold. Mr. Seddon feelingly ncknowledged the giftw

• ? V • pit I • ~:t. , ..;; • • •

===== 0002601_19110401_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

URBAN COUNCIL ELECCION.

Four warde—Newtown,Central,ll oath and Bridgewater —were contested in the Urban Council Election on Saturday, the party system being atopted for the first time. As a consequen,e, more intermit then usual was taken in the contests. The declarations by the Returning Officer (Mr. F. A. lake) and his deputy wet. awaited by large crowds and badly cheered. Tbe Liberals succeedtd in retaining the three seats that were ciiallenged, while Dr. Michael McDonnell serrated Central Ward from the Con aaaaa tires. Reterhs:—

===== 0002601_19110401_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
hEATh h ARE.

Majnr;ty NEWTOWN WARD

===== 0002601_19110401_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
Pritchard (L) Garner (C)

===== 0002601_19110401_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
Carroll (L) Grounds (C)

Majority CENTRAL WARD. McDonnell (1) Duckett (C) 157

BRI DO 8W AVER WARD.

Littler (C) . Bowyer (L).

tilajori t y lB9 RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Owing -be the outhreak of scarlet (ever •t the Dutton wndehouee the Runcorn Heard of Guardimm again met at the Urban Council entre., Runcorn, on Tue•iny. There was a good artendance, preaided over by Mr J I spruce and the ethcera prevent erre —Messrs 0 F Ashton (clerk), W K de Prez, T Cooke, J Pearson (relieving officers). ,f,Axu:r FRVER IN TIIF. 1101" SE.

The Clerk intimated that since the last meeting there had been root her case of scarlet fever, bringing the total up to d. Th. lest case .101 that of a girl. The Chairmen avid he understood that the male induntrial trainer had a sad relapse tart week and was pulaeleas and untowscions. The Clerk said that the previous day he ens informed that the man was convaleacent. The Chairman remarked tha" the Master of the House had told him what he hat said that morning. It an. drcided that the next meeting of the Council be held at Runcorn. INV/U0.5E13 t1.1,1'.1. ftC TII I. WOO KIIOCJF. The Clerk's estimate for the expenditure Outing It.' half-year ending 30th September, 1911, was £13,742. The ayavasahle value of the Union ors £241,276 and rate of Is. 3d. in the E would produce £15,285. The calls upon the several parishes included Antrolus £lB5, Appleton £ll3, Daresbury EBl, Dutton £l5O, Frodshem £074, Frodaham Lottl.hip £5.11, Cl appebhall £615, Halton £330, Hatton EDO, HelshB E6a7, Latchford Without £350, Moore £332, Neaton-by-Daresbury £55. Norton 12402, Premon.o'-th.-Hill £337. Runcorn £l.l 89, Stockton Heath £1,016, Stratton Ell 5, Theluall £35.1, Walton Inferior £5Ol, Walton Supe ior £ll2, Whitley Inferior £lO9, Whitley Superior E 132 The Clerk ol served that the ernonnt rrquired was proportionate to an increase of • penny in the L. Though the outdoor relief was less through the intro- duction of old age penaiona it wee more than countor• balanced by the extra eapandit ore on the roads. , ** •

WORKHous6 TONTII, Ts. The tender, for the supply of carious materials to the Wm khoum were orlourtted, and tl,e lotion inh were accepted r—Milk, W Ground., Bunco n ; butcher's.. meat, 8 liencock, FreMeliam ; bread, A C Lazenby, Frodnhem ; groceries, K S CalLoson, Frodsbarn tobscro and nail, J Thorns., Runcorn ; wines end spirits, R Benson and Sons, %Varriogtoo drecaltine, J H Weston, Runcorn oils end colours, E AISs, War- rington ; (moue'', and carting, E Booth end Sons, Runcorn, end E Scragg, Milton drnpery, Plt Wright, Halton ; clothing, T .1 Lee, Werrington ; coffins. T Barrow, Ihrlton .• cost, S 'Traylor, Frith sad Ca, Runcorn ; coke, Runcorn Gas Co., terurcorr, hoot. and repairs, J W }Seeley, Runcorn ; artisan labour, T Pollard, Frodsbam ; T ii Collinge, Runcorn ; and J Hyd.r Datesbury, RUNCORN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The Runcorn District Council sra• held in the Urban Council Offices at Runcorn on Tuesday. Mr. T. Wright presided and the officers present were Messrs. Cd. e. Ashton (clerk), J. Swinton, W. Diggle (sorveyors) and J. Farrington Onspsctor).

aI.V.NDITCRE OF. TI!!

The Clerk's estimate of exyenciii tire for the District, Council of Runcorn for bait year ending 30th Septerrite 1911 •mounted to R.7.,133 The calls included tl.e following, Antrobus EC, Appleton £l42,Darrshury £34, Dutton L2ll. Frodelmin Rif 9, Frodshana Lordship £359, Grappenhall £299, Havon £4l, lielshy £309, Latchford Without £156. Moore £139, Stockton Death £453, Stretton £313, Thelwall £l4O, Walton Intel ior .c 362 Walton Super* £54, Whitloy lufetior Whitley Superior 450.

the Civic reed a letter from the Clifton Palish Council with regard to the footpath Lading from Kook• mirage to Frodsham which was in a had state of repair end asking the Council to adviie the pariah ea to whose was the right to repair tie footpath. The Perish Council was of tie opinion that the Ri7er Weaver Navigation should repair it. Mr. Stokes tald the Ii °loth had been in is very bail state for some time and it was a scandal to the district. He had known the road for over 50 3ears and tie W Navigation had always looked altar keeping it in repair. The Parish Council of Clifton had written to the Trustees on the matter and they bad replied that unless some documentary proof of thi ir liability wire produced they would Ignore the metier. He bilked the District Council would support the Clifton Council. Mr. Linaktr. jun.. I hope you will give the Clifton Council some assistance iu this matter and I move that a cortin.ittee be appointed to investigate. Mr. Linaker, seo., said he believed the Weaver Trustees were under un obligation to repair this road aa they made it in order to avoid the Coat of boililing another bridge. I hey should certainly not be allowed to shirk their reeporsihilities. A committee an. &pi oilted to deal with the matter.

ISOLATION 110.PITAL WAN.

The Clerk reported that he had received notification that Locsl Clovernment Board inquiry had been fixed for rite :Ala of April at Dutton to consider the opplica- lion for a lean for the Itolation Hospital extension. Any of the members elm cared to du LO %ere Invited to be present.

TOWN PLANNING:

The Housing red Town Planning Committee reported receipt of a letter from the Warrinstcn Corporation Corporation stating that they propcsed to apply to the Local Bovernment Bored 1,4 authority to prepare a scheme with regard to their Borough under the Hous- ing, Town Planning. 3, Act and stupefies that it might he found to be to the athautege of both their Co-poration and the Authorities of adjoining districts , if a conference could be arranged with regard to the : proposed scheme. The suggestion was approved and that Messrs, Woodward, Pilling, Linaker, gen • and I Mclntyre were appointed a sub.comniittee to meet the committee of the Warrington Corporatic

===== 0002601_19110401_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

George WooHe, farm labourer, wan charged at St. Helens • n Tuesday with setting fire to the barn at Mrs. Hunts Wiudie Ashes Farm, neer St. Helene, early on I.lm mo.ning of February 22nd. Superintendent WlAten mid it o damage done by the Ilre amounted to £2OO. Primo. r had been emplo)ed at the farm from Februnt 16th to IStb, when he nes stopped on account of nor properly attending to hie work. Ile was paid off, but wen allowed to sleep with the other men in the shanty until the Monday. Ile was then told that he must go, hut did not do so. his went to the , shanty on Tuesday night, an•l waa refmnd admission. ' Constable Cunliffn, of Ecelestoo, said tint at ten minute, to one on Wedromday morning, the 22nd ult.,he , wan on duty in Rainford•road, Wind?, On passing Wisdle Ashes Fatrn hp noticed 11•11.• issuing from the barn And shippons. lie fan souse to the Inudding. he went roun•l the corner of the louse he reel the prisoner, who tom running from the barn toward. the road. Witneas knew him, end stopped him, and aske•l what bean, doing behind the building. Ile made no reply. Witness knocked the farmer up, the house hsing doer. to the batn, And one of the sons .. . . .

mooed the fire brigade. The effictr then went to the ehippon and f! nod it 101 l of smdte. The roof began to fall in, and he with difficulty liberated the live stock—seven horses, thirteen cow., itc., which were 'slued at nbout £.0.1. The tern wan full of bay, , etrew, end form implemente, end these were totally adt7l.tetirlTndi.svirli;:rhWei'dhleasenralpereipsio:ge.r in tho V.; :nal been sleeping in the than! y along with Tommy Feeney. Witneea told him that Feeney would he able to say if I that was true. end pi iioner said : "1 have been sleep- ing in the bern for two or thine hours, then got up and went to the shanty and knocked Feeney up And risked for s match to light my pipe with. : Feeney refused to give me one, sod when I turned round I now the building in flamer." Witnege • noticed that prisoner'. eyebroa-. and hie hair were burned, and he milked how thi• hod happened. The reply wen : I tried to pot out tbe flre with my cap, and burned my home. not neck." Ile wee •fter- swarde taken to Hainford Police Stalin. and iharged with maliciously setting lire to the tarn, when he seid " S hat did I net it on fire with, es I have no matcher!? I do not smote.' Prisoner PIO under the influence of drink.— In •newar to the prisoner, witnese denied that prisoner help. d to get the nettle out of the bern.—Joeeph floret said tint the value of the building nod contents was nbout £5OO. Prisoner had do ight to be on their premises at ell after eight O'Cilck in Tuesriey morning. Thomas Feeney gave utirroborative evidence.—Woolfe was committed for trial to lid mama.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

Alt rs AND CRAFTS' EXIIIBII lON.

The ernual Arte and Crafts' eabilirion, held under the magices of the St. Helens Recrentisn Club con• nested s ith Meagre. Pilklngtr n Bros , and confined to employes asd flu ir families, took place on Saturday. Though the sailor. cl ears were weak numerically, the exhibits were of a yr od quality, hut owing to the , judges tettirg a higher siendard for tle cork each year,no aaares were mete in tavern' of the chases.

FUNERALS. MR. W. GANDY, ST. lIELENS.

Tho funeral of Mr W Gandy, of Laurel. road, St. j Helens, one of the most fl spected architects of the diatrlct, whose di a.ll occurred on Friday morning with tragic suddenness, took place on Sothis, at the Sr. Helens Comet, ry. rho sewice oats conducted by the lies E h Stoney, vicar nf St. Luke's, and there wee sierge attendance. The rocurners were Mayon Wallace W Gandy, Harry Gandy Cecil I, (bandy, and Mr It A Handy (none), Mr JIM. Gandy f brother), blessta W Glover, H Itawlineon, W Ellis, ti J Mime, Councillor James Hatton, Councillor W Woodcock, Mr sera 11 11 (Hover, J.l'., W SI iddlehttrat, J.P., W J Warne, George Hodson, 0 Scott, H It Rawlinson, S S Pennington, H Itonehley,W II Chisnall, A Rudge, K Gardner, J K Itirchall, Chyle. Cotton, and J .11rutind. Among the wreathe ones beautiful tribute jfrom the membem of the St. Helens BOMling Club.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. lIELENS MUSICAL SOCIETY.

The St. Ilelens NllllliCi \I Society gave • concert on Monday eceniog censisting of a programme of excep- tional merit and variety. 'hanks ins great meastire to the interest and sittiatar.ce of the Mayor (Alderman Beecham), who is president, the society hasheeneoahled to undertake work of a more ambitioue chorea., than usual. The choral work comprised Pah st r lutes "Stahat Mater" nod Sullitan'n "Golden Legend," and the aolonsts were artistes of the highest repute. The hall was well filled, end everything peered off splendidly under the able direction of Dr. Siddall. Ihe orchestra rendered the tone poem " Finland's," under the lesderabip of Nlr. V. V. Alteroyd, in moat capable fashion, and were warmly applauded for a skilful and tuneful renderir g of the ...visite work. Mica Gladys Honey, of London, the soprano soloiat, sae unable to attind owing to illness, tott Mice Alien Hare 'dosed an excellent tutbstitute, sod sang " Betti, Batt,, from "Don Giovanni," in charming style. Mr. Fr.tnk Mullingr, who her earned a great reputation with the famous Staffordshire Choral Society, sang "'the Prize Song" from Wagner's "bra Melater. singer" with grand effect. Mr. Charles Tree, an old favourite of the St. Helens Society, tang the prologue from " Pagliscei " with all his accomonied Atli. In "The Golden Legend " the choir and orchestra acquitted themselves in good fashion, the volume of tone and the effective introduction of the hells leaving very little to he desired. Mi.. Olive Hill (contralto) joined another principal, inn most finished , rendering of the beautiful melodies and plaintiff arise with which the work abound.. 'I he choir wet• also highly succeesful with the Lancashire folk.song "King Arthur hot three sore." CHARGE OF ARSON.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
1 ';-, -4

CLAIRVOYANTE, Certificated.

Send seov., ape, 1 .1-11•1110ARST Yr Alt utt. Lorne Gou. ook.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
AUSTINS' ANTI-RHEUMATIC PILLS Thew PILLS not only CURE, bet PRETRNT attarke of RHEUMATISM and RHRVMATIO OOUT in these ordi.lardy subject to the.. distreeelag con, °slut, and as they contain neither Mercury. Col chirum. nor ludine in any 'form, may be taken nab reflect seat, by the moot dehoate.

AUSTIME LIMITED. 190-902 Berrekrdsoy Sir!" t, London, I.E.

And aold in bonen at It mob ;o n hole. eqnal to thre• of the 10.112.11 ht 24. 6,1. alkoh, doty Included. 7,4 f fr,/ roeftpt of Postai 1.10. for 1/. o•nd 2 A

===== 0002601_19110401_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
10 X SAT= WHEN ORDERING DIRECT FROM JAPAN. IN mend poet In,. lovely Neal Ihebrel Need M.A.* Learths Iria Lon, 6 Jepan.ee Como Cr.pe, 6.; Pare Bilk, 'lO-; C epe de Clone. IS - 4A. White only. Embroidered in Clue.), Chry. antbemum. No, or W werin potter. iloni P.n. to JAIN'S t •DEI Ce , Boa t. 111. Irokohmaa, la a^. legman Goode fres. Lotion Japan, J... 1

7 7 • ~j 'mum of

===== 0002601_19110401_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
AT L! PAX im • FRESH LEASE Of LIFE. PAX ASTIINA. RAY-TETER, CAT/ULAN, POSITIVELY CURED by nes discovery. FREE TRIAL, SEND NO LOONEY. P.C. to Ti. M41(1,.... 'Psi R. 111.1.•• CO., London Llke, 91 Kimble Road. Forest Eu. Loader, Mention this Advt.

MATRIMONIAL MAIL 3°. Post P.me sealed ...lappet. Advertisement.. appeellng to all eorts sad conditions of Ines and women deflating marriege.—Eorrita,e, lagm Villa, Teton, !lents, • -- - - -

===== 0002601_19110401_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
_LACE CURTAINS.

..... ..... ... 3 6 s'ao.IVIZIA"colVr hZINTAIIP.'im. 3/6 P" PAIR TI: RNIIA NI AND SONS, nrit POST 5200, 111611 ROAD, POS T FREE, TOTTEN I I A M. FREE.

FOR PURCHASER'S OF ACORN CORN CURE. Is Don't haws tired and Wahl feat. bead only 91. for full size tube and comfortable FREE shields oftbi. nen, certain, cheap, quick and P..... painless cure. Dow to obtain free 105, and NILS. smaller amount., enclomed.

THE PHARMACINE MANUFACTURING CO., Desk 10,1 M, Victoria V., London.

Gage AB OOLD - , ,

46P

===== 0002601_19110401_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
system is in use to-day. Upon reaching the military age, every Swiss citizen is given a sote for the Federal Assembly, and is eligible as a member of it. Similarly, every Australian has a vote for both the Senate and the House of Representatives. If those two countries recog- nise in this practical way the relation of Self- Defence to Self-Government is there any reason for supposing that England would fail to do likewise r "Worker" must read up his modern history. also challenges my statement that National Service will increase the security of the working class. That is a mere ques- tion of fact. If we achieve our two-fold object of making every Englishman do his fair share of the work of home defence, and giving him the necessary training before the outbreak of hostilities, it must he obvious to the meanest intelligence that we shall thereby very greatly I increase the security of every class in the com- munity. And as it is the working class that would suffer most in the event of invasion, so it is the working class that would gain most by the immunity from invasion which our reform would bring. 4.—ln conclusion, your correspondent trots out once more that ancient bogey, the French railway strike, and hints that if thc National Service League gets its way, strikes will be made impossible. It is evident that he has never con- sulted the regulations for the Territorial Forces. If, before calling them in question again, he will take the trouble to do so, he will find in section 404 the following provision: "Officers and men of the Territorial Force are not liable to be called out in aid of the civil power as a military body in the preservation of peace." That regu- lation will continue to operate in our recon- structed Territorial Army. " Workers" last objection therefore falls to thc ground with the rest of his case. "A little knowledge is a dangerous thing! "—Yours, &c., R. S. P. POYNTZ. 65 Bradford Street, Bolton. March 30th, 1911.

- etters -el r 12": to the 4:` ‘N.' EDITOR.:•

===== 0002601_19110401_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RECTOR AND ROME.

Sir.—lt would appear from his letter last week that the Ureter has retired from mrst of the positions be took up in his address to the Church Society, except the 0, etrine of Transubstantiation. I would not have troulded you again, having proved this doctrine from the uninterrupted teaching of both the Latin and Eastern church trim our Lord's time till now, had not the Hector said " Father Whittle dare not bum his argument on Holy Scripture" Why that is the very argument on which I do base it—but Scripture es interpreted by the Church, the General Councils, the Fathers and eminent Theologians; and my proofs of Transubstantiation are taken from our Lord's own words as found in S S. Mathew, Mark and Luke, Chapters xxvi.. sin., and xxii ,as also in St. John, chapter vi., and furthermore from St Paul's interpretation of our Lord's words in his first Epistle to the Corinthians, chaper xi. I must also remind the Hector that historians, Protestant and Cath,lic, refuse to acknowledge that the words he quotes are those of "Pop" Gelatins. There was another Gelatins who was "not a Pope." And it is evident from his other quotations that he doeu not understand the philt soph Mal terms, substance, essence, species and accidents. On three points I commend him to the study of the summit of St. Thomas Aquinas, lerhats the greatest phi]. gopher and theologian that ever lived. He will then see that I have completely answered all his objections to this most grave Doctrine of Tr-anent- stantiation. In conclusion I must thank you, sir, for your courtesy in inserting my answers to the unprovoked attacked of the Itrctor on rur religious belirfs. During the II years I have been Hector of St. Allan's I have never raid a word against anyone's belief; nor do I now. Th, ugh I differ from others, my motto is —"Agree to differ"—and then no ill-feeling can arise, and charity will not be worinded.— Yours itc., JOHN PLACID WHITTLE. March 30, 1911.

Sir.—The controverey between the Rector of Warrington and Father Whittle hae teen cart ied on in an interesting and creditable manner. Your secondary correspondents on some of the poieta in question hare oleo been charitable and fair. But iu last week's " Examiner " I read with surprise and pain the ignorant " balderdash " of " Jeunesse Dr Wesley." The surprise was that you admitted a letter which is merely tarot an t abuse. into the co!umns of your well- cot ?Lir,. lam n t n 6 touch sari r sed at the old w,.t0., • 11:11011111,—I prune " Jennesse" is well out f life litult— tor there vs tet maM a few old seen e.• of Loth a xr s who tote the Cadodie Church as the de. it hates ho y wet. r. Yet al e liv, a and thrives and i• ed by millions ! Yt.tos, WH IT ECROSS.

Sir,—Having read the remarks of "Jeunesse de Wesley " in your issue of Saturday, I ask you to kindly allow me to reply to the same. I will deal with her chief points. DI She asks "Is the Roman Church Catho- lic?" and then goes on to speak about " horrible murders"—in order, of course, to prove that the Roman Church is not Catholic. Now I should like to know the connection between Catholicity and "horrible murders." The word Catholic, I take it, means Universal, and who can deny that the Roman Church is the only universal church in the world. (2i Regarding the "horrible murders," I will just give "Jeunesse de Wesley "a fvw extracts from a lecture given by Or. Smyth (a Protestant) in Cambridge University, a couple of years ago. Irt) "It is generally supposed that it was only the bloody Queen Mary who put people to death on account of their religious opinions; that Protestants were incapable of such enor- mities. This is not the case and Protestants should know it." (b) "Many Catholics were put to death in the time of the brutal Henry VIII. In the ' reign of Elizabeth more than 160 Roman Cath- olics suffered for their beliefs, 17 in the time of James I, and between 20 and 30 were put to death by the Presbyterians and Republicans." (e) "In 1585 the Jesuits were ordered out of England and if remaining in the realm were to be punished with death, as were even those who harboured them. At the end of this lecture Dr. Smyth remarked 'these are facts and are also clear cases of religious in.:

- _ tolerance '—such is the opinion of a Calvinist." (3) She reminds us that a Papist txxik likens Luther to Lucifer—now in the sense of British fair play I ask her to name the hook and the author as I have the lecturer of the above ex- tracts. . _ . . . .

(4) To take up her remarkable assertion "the intolerance of the Vatician.' " Charity begins at home" and the English Church can by no means boast of being toler- ant. Take for instance the Irish Penal days, when many a poor " soggarth " was hunted like a beast, when anyone professing the Catholic faith was liable to have his estates con- fiscated and if he attempted to harbour a priest was transported as a save to the cotton and sugar plantations of America. There it was that many an Irish priest plucking cotton by the side of a negro would instil into him the true sentiments of religion—thus it is at the present day that the maj.ority of the negrocs of the Southern United States are Catholics. But of course I was forgetting—these Irish. these "(rap's( abo oh not count against such cele- brities as Luther, Calvin, or even Maria Monk.

(5) "But why, says 'Jeunesse de Wesley,' "so much discussion over a church which isdying at heart." Certainly it is dying at heart; it has been dying at heart since the Reformation—but the peculiar part about it is that it is still alive and active—"and is dying at heart '• (Qood trot Demonstrandum). Did my learned friend ever hear of the " Congress " at Montreal, in which men of every colour took part? (6) Her last statement, "hundreds are leay. ing that church which is steadily falling away," is as logical as the others. In answer to this I will refer my friend to a couple of incidents which took place in the South of England (which, bye the bye is the most Protestant portion of this country). The first occurred in London where twenty Anglican ministers and the majority of their congregations went over to the Church " which is dying at heart; " the second incident took place in Brighton, where six ministers became Roman Catholic priests—these, of course, go to prove that the Roman Church is falling away (le crois Tic non). SANTELLA.

• National Unice as The Worker's Charter." Sir,—The letter from 'Worker," which appc-ared ill your issue of Saturday. March 18th, has just been brought to my notice. Will you kindly allow me to deal with the four points that he noses? . -

L—He sets out with a flagrant violation of the first rule of logic, in arguing that because three distinguished members of the National Service League happen at present to be upholding the privileges of the House of Lords, therefore it is untrue to sty that the League's proposals strike a blow at the very root of privilege. He might just as well tell us that because Lord Hugh Cecil happens to advocate Free Trade, ai.d Mr. Robert Blatchford Uni• versal Military Service, therefore it follows that the Conservative and Socialist parties endorse those policies. If it is permissible to argue from part to whole in one case, it is equally permissible in the other. No. sir, whatever position may be taken up by individual members of our League, I think that anyone who is not afraid to look facts in the face will admit that our proposals constitute one of the most democratic programmes ever laid before this country. Is "Worker" aware that a strong Labour Government recently introduced an almost identical scheme in the Commonwealth of Australia, and that our system has been working with great success for many years in the Swiss Republic? Or will he tell us that Australia and Switzerland arc strongholds of privilege ? 2.—Nest, he disputes my contention that Manhood Suffrage will probably follow the adoption of National Service. That forecast was based upon knowledge of the conditions prevailing in the two chief countries where our

===== 0002601_19110401_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
The Land Unions Meeting at Warrington

Sir,— May I tre+pass on your valuable -pace and offer a few remarks concerning the statements made at the poldic meeting of the Land ['Mon ? First, I should like to extend my sympathies to the promotes for such a miserable attendance-21—whereas stai notices went out. The Chairman (Mr. W. Furness

found consolat:on in the fact that although so very few were present they were aelect. He might have added selected. May I very briefly deal with one or two remark, made during the evening. Mr. Furness says taxing land would injure development end the free sale of property. My answer to that is that he exact opposite has been the case, for landowners are now selling land and new buildings are springing up on every hand; slum property is gradually disappearing and healthier conditions peva& He any. land ought to be as free to sell a. other commodities. Yes, and as free to buy. But is it ? Ants the land tax taxing raw material, this is meonshice. Agricultural land is net taxed. The Lecturer, Mr. J. Jeffrey Vince, said that 99 candi- dates out of every 100 were in the dark as to what the land questions were. He surely WEIS not eerie-Ara, unless of course he meant Tory cacdulates. Was Mr. Harold Smith one? God did give the land to the people but a few were sharper than the rest and appropriated 45a11, whilst 15 millions had to get permission to walk on it. Ile quotes the Id. in the E on undeveloped land as a remarkable tax. So do I-- far too little a toll to make landowners pay for keeping their land idle while muncipalities and other bodies increase its value by their enterprise. He further quoted dialect that the largest landowners in London were the crown Ecclesiastical rommisaioners, the Lomlon County Council and the City Corporation. But he did not state the fabulous prke paid by the ratepayers of London to bury out the alum enters and rack renters As to • working man owning a house having to pay incre- ment duty, that is entirely untrue unless the house is valued in London at £4ll per annum, in a Borough or Urban District population 50,000, EL% per annum ; elsewhere £l6 per ancum. I wonder how many poor working men mite under this category ; Where does the immxral tax come in? The immorality comes in, in allowing poor people to be housed (sic) in the hovels we see around us. Give them cheap land,and cheap houses will follow,brighter surrounding., pine environments. Our children war t fresh air; do they get it? Look into your Lack streets and slums. Put baths into their hisses, make them feel they are flee human beincs, guard the young ones' lives. The rich can be trusted to care for them- selves. I grieve to mte his remark when he said, "We are created f, r the sante reason that the Licensed Trade Defence Associatkn wile created for." I think Ire might well steer clear of that body. In con- clusion, the undeveloped Lind Tax ceases when land is sold tither for building purposes. recreation grounds for public use, Cr agricultural purposes, unless of comae a person purchamd land professedly for building purposes and then after purchasit g it kept it idle whilst others by their industry added to its value. The Land Union may rest assured that the land taxes have come to alas; the people are cominginto their own and if the Rev.E. C. E.Carleton is really anxious for the poorer people's welfare let Lis voice be raised against the slam. owner, the jerry-build, r, aid the rack renter and he will he doing the Master's work.— Y, urs Ac. 62 Norris-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRY NEW.

• ,IY.bi lkeatriegrefraardrea swifts Dulles. Sir—Your correspondent " Herbert Carey of Newholm, Leigh-road, Hale, ( heshire " should confine his letters to the press, to subjects in regard to w hich he has at least some rudimentary knowledge. The " Licensing Committee "is not its he suggests, , cempoeed of Town Councillor,' elected by the votes of the peop!e. The Licensing Committee is not and never has been in the eligheat degree, constituted directly or indirectly by any method of election in which the " people have soy vrice whatever. On the contrary, the Licensing Committee is a committee of Justices, and in thecae. of the boroughs, is appoin- ted annually by the whole of the magistrates of the borough. Unfortunately Borough Megietrates in Lancashire have hitherto been appointed very largely upon the nomination of the Liberal or Conservative parties, and so political ser•ices have too often been recognised in thin matter at the expense of suitability nd general fitness. The recent case of the dismiseal on payment of costs of an Off-licence Holder who pleaded guilty to a serious breach of the Licensing law, and the renewal of his license caused great surprioe and deep regret not simply to the Temperance party, but to all those who have the best interests of the town et heart, and I consider that the action of the Magistrates in dealing as they did with this case was a distinct dis- couragement to those license hollere who strive conduct their business in a proper manner. It might Itare been suppt sett in view of the con- stitution of the Bench at the List Licensing Seseions that .me substantial progress would have been made in the reduction of admittedly redundant Licenses. Since the accession to power of the Liberal party in 19011, it might reasonably have been expected that all those gentlemen who have been honctired by a Liberal Chancellor of the Duchy with appointments to the Borough Bench, in consequence of their sup- posed allegiance to Liberal policy—including that of Licensing Reform—would have endeavoured to carry their principles into practice. It iv, however, believed that at least four magistrates holding prominent places in the I.iberal ranks spoke and voted against any 'eduction of redundant licensee, except in the two cases which the owner had already agreed to have referred for compensation. It is also stated that at a previous meeting of the Bench at which the butinees to be considered was the amount of the" levy "to be made on the Trade for Compensation purposes, it was proposed by a prominent Liberal magistrate that the " levy for the cut rent year should only be " half " the maximum antrunt and on being beaten by a heavy vote, the same gentleman proposed that the malientam "levy " should' be reduced one-third. If these things are done in tl.e " greembee " what abort the dry It is surely time for those active members of the Liberal party in Warrington, who believe in progressive Temperance /ieform to call tb account , thole" of their Leaders who have no comabicuouelv failed to support that part of the Liberal polite which its meet atrenuous supporters believe to be ihe let's of all Social Reform.

J. G. WITIIINSriAW. Penketh, March 2Zith.

Sir,—Will yon allow me to reply to !Ifr. Herbert Carey's crit.chun if my last letter, "Save the children." I wish to state that he is labouring antler a grave misapprehension if he thinks that the members of the Licensing Committee are appoioted by the votes of the people. There is not a magistrate on the bench who has been elected by the votes of the people to that position. Magistrates are not elected, they are selected by suns mys.erious agency. I don't think that magistrates have always been chosen because of their abnormal judicial capacity, but rather be Coils, of their political tendencies. Con- sequently during '2O out of the 10-t I years in Warrington it has been obser•ed that invariably the monetary interes's of the Trade have appeired to weigh with the magistrates, rather than toe moral social, and physical well-being of the c-Immunity. Licences have been thrust upin certain re ighbour- hinds in the borough against the clearly expreeakd will of the large majority of people residing in those district., sod in face if the repeated Ifed.kration in open court of the Chief Constable of that tithe that the neighbour hood was adequately supplied. Need ire wonder then that the policy thus pursued has resulted in the awful conditions revealed in tie Chief Con- stable's annual repott given on February 10th, when he statrd that there had been 581 peonle arrested within the borough for drunkenness. 47,1 males and 1 l 1 females, and that 14 ten Northern towns %Farring- ton s'aods secceni highest for its percentage per population Is not this sad state of things lin nglit about largely by the redunda en of licensed houses in our midst ? I pr stone that the number of drunkards who fell into the hands of the laware tut a tithe 01 111.' incomputable aggregate who have evaded the police and have managed to carry their undesir- able cargo home and no add to the anguish of the long- suffering wife on, half-starvel children. What sacrifice would he too great for any public spirited community to make in order to save the child life of our town frc, the perpetual Nutlet Mg inflicted upon them by the emperste habits of their parents ?- 1.01.11,. reSIIET ly, "SAVE THE M111.1)11EN."

===== 0002601_19110401_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
HAREM SKIRT SENSATION.

1ie"....: ..I'-..:- , • . . , ~.,- . 4! ....m•r4sr k . , ... A : g . 41`, li wr..., 4:,....1 • • ' .4'l, AA s • .• ' 4 . .No Pr- . .i. /..0..., - .. . ~....4.,. . , . '- - sa, ... 1 , 4. :.... *5, J - ' .. , . 1 -.. 1 ! . ... ~. i , it '": , '". • a , 1r It, %,...0; " .. . r Ario, ion 4,. • , . .0 , :wk.. . —.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
Photo THE FIR iT LADY TO WEAR THE HAREM SKIRT IN THE STREETS OF WARRINGTON.

Miss Sylvia Revett, a member of the company of Mr. George Sears, who is giving performances of the Indian phantasy 'The Blue Pearl" at the Hippodrome, has created a mild sensation in the streets of Warrington on several days this week by venturing abroad attired in that latest freak of fashion—the harem skirt. Wherever she has gone she has been escorted by large and curious crowds whose comments on the new garment have, on the whole, been more favourable than otherwise. Over silken 'trousers "of a vivid Coronation

blue, tightly drawn-!at the ankles, Miss Revett wears a Wedgwood blue costume. A straw hat, ornamented with Coronation blue sweet peas, gives a charming finishing touch and the entire out- fit certainly becomes Miss Revett. In her walks along the main thoroughfares this courageous lady has been the cynosure of all ! eyes and on Tuesday evening the crowd was so pressing in its attentions that she sought relief for a short time by mounting the steps leading to the Liverpool side of the Cheshire Lines Station.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
Is All Well ? "

Sr,—J nnhJ, ..Erele,rde-repr'y rig your Mane of March .?-", to tny modest little note of the preced- ing week. :ow I distinctly said that " the °nem-, ployment (mignon is a very large one," and whilst I do not for a moment suggest that tl.e quotations made by Mr. England are it c irrect, I pay that they are very general, and apparently have no reliable founda- tion basis of official data Cr figures. Further, can Mr. Englai d deny the correctness of the btated figures which I give in my note, whilst relying himself on mere generalities? lam as eager as Mr. England in finding a remedy for the awful affliction of unemployment, but to my mind we shall do something to lessen this scourge when land is still further unlocked, when we are an go-ahead and painvtakinr, as our foteign brother,when labour is more cohesive, and vagrancy of all sorts is stamped out, than if we erected unnatuial barriers which are against morality, religion and common- sensw lout a,rtc.,

WARRINGTONIAN.

Sir. - To your 11.110 of March 25th last, Mr. E. England approaches the question of reform from another standpoint, and finds cause for anxiety in the ensigtaticn figures. However, let is quietly analyse the subject from this aspect, and see if the results are of the nature MrEngland neems to believe. Emigration figures are difficult, because tune are tn, reasons given why the pens). a are travelling from one country to another; they may rvlste to emigrants, or they may pct. The fdlowing figures relate only to britieli subjects trsvetlir g between , countries out of Europe and the United Kingdom - To British To Foreign Year. Pose. Countries. Total.

1906 ... 1:01;1 154,9611 373,137 1907 ... 717.672 183,008 305,689 1990 ... 151,804 111,305 263,499

ToMI Emigrants — - 981,016 laimigranis. 1906 130,166 1907 160,588 1908 172,013 Toul immigrants

Excess of Emigrants over Immigrants 520,919 —lt will be seen that there loan excess of emigrants. but befoie making any comment it would be as well to take stioiher factor into consideration, namely the movement J the population. Below are the figures Lr the coi responding yearn Year Births. Dentin. Increase. 1901; 1,170.62 ti 51,313 459,279 1907 ... 1,1 1i3,573 67i4,822 4.37,751

1908 ... 117074 6711631 , 4n9,740

Total Ineresse I.:xeeas of Births over Deaths 1,458,770 „ of Emigrants -.0,919

Increase of Population . 937,851 Cumparing the two gets of fign,es, we find that there is a sain to the population of the I"nited Kingdom of nearly one million people in the short space of three years time, quite excluding fo•eign immigrants who

naves, tied in this country. Some of the emigrants are e About iouht pmope who have left their country for their. nantry's good, still the greater ulk by far will be composed of peoale of a robust health and respectable character. Surely it is tie sign of a lie.ilthy nation when her sons and daughters go over the seas cornmering new worlds and expanding the area r.f Itritiah c invnerce. I)..:es Mr. England consider it would boa good sigu if our young people stayed at hone ? Our forefatlars were of seining disposition, rough men of the sea, and a look at the map would show the result of their wanderings. Either these people who left their country years ago and made it possible for us to lay the laundaiion of our Empire were right or they were wrong. The result of their action speaks for itse'f, awl needs no p-not. Why oh mid a p,licy which has borne sush fruit in the pant be the conga of anxiety tr ady man ? If Tariff Reform would keep our young people at home —which I do not trim t would be the case —and we allowed our Colonies to be populated liy foreign reople, how long shall we be knife to boast shoat "our Empire upon wlrch the nun never nets " ? Mr. Engl end, I know, has the welfare of the Empire at heart, and I would ask him what is tae us, of binding toget her the c denies an I ourselves, if he advocates such a policy of pipulaling them with foreign peoples ? lhen why does Mr. England compare our emigration figures with those of Germany ? The t.vo seta of figures have nothing in common, and cannot be c unpared and a correct comparison obtained. The German figuren relate only to emigrants by [sea; and there should hen, need to point out to Mr. England, that Germany is rot an island. Mr. Furness will verify this. It is a fact that German einigtati .n is ronall,but,of course, there are practically no German colonies. neither is theta a 'new' German speaking conittry to invites German to emigrate to The main point of the letter would seem to hang round the Fallacy of tar.ft reform meaning work for all. Mr England nays " Fnemployment and emigration are clearly and closely related to each other. They net and re-act urn one another" So the simple deduction when employment is good emigration ia low, when employment is bail emigration is high. Lot us see

Year. Emigration of. Trade Unirn 111013.1719 Irriii-Sfi Sufieets. Unemp!oyment. 1904; 325,1:1, 3 7 per cent. 1907 395,4150 393 100 S 263,109 863

From the above test it will at once be seen that this argument is unsound. The question is a very complex one, and whilst the increase of wealth in the hands of the working classes has not been so rapid as , their increass in knowledge through the superior education of recent ye.tra in my oi int, a tariff reform cannot sloe the problem. rather would it tend to make the load of the poorer section of the community heavier thin it is to-day.—Yours faithfully,

R. G ERARD PIF.RPOINT,

Lltchford, Ifereb '2 9th.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
Tha Osborne Judgment

Sir,— Will ycot allow me in reply to ynur corres- pondent, Mr. J. 11. Pemberton, to awe that although members of the Government are paid a salary, by ptid members is meant the payment of ordinary members by the State. Nearly eveiy one will admit that it is the ditty of every citizen to use his money and ii Huron in the way he considers best for the et untry. It is also the duly of the Uovernment to protect them in doing so. To allow trade unions to prevent the minority of their members doing this is to allow the trade unions to be unjust to and injure the mijority of their countrymen and I think that any government ottaht to resign rather than permit it. If Ireland had Home Hole vrould it be right for a majority of Roman Catholics to compel or coerce a Protestant minority to support their religion? I think it is very undesirable to allow trade unions to compel or coerce a minority of their members to supprrt them politically, because it would be interfering With their liberty, and depriving the rest of the country of their support. It might prevent the country being governed in accordance writ the wishes of the majority if the electors. It might prevent the coal try as a whole being governed by the majority. Nonconformists support by voluntary contributions their ministers numbering many thousands. Surely trades unions cold by voluntary contributions pay their representa- tive.. Your correspondent mentions the subject of paid member. of Parliament. If the Government sere to pass a Bill for member. of Parliament to be paid i:lirt) a year and to date back from December last, and this Parliamect lasted four rears. tech meMber would ceriset f. 1.215) and payment of his next election expenses. This would I fear be a great temptaticn to some members' to support the Government. But what an unbusinr se- like, unjust, and improper thing it would he to tax the ! econtry for the rayment of members. when there are so many who are dewier im and anxious to give their services, and to represent almost any shade of politities. Bet.idr s it would ahnost certainly induce some to become candidates in order to obtain the salary and they might be tempted to mialead the electorate. If such a measure were submitted to a referendum. I feel sure it would lie rejected by sgeeat majority. Is it possible for these things to be done by men who worked with Mill and Bright and ,

Gladstone? If so, I think the nation would weep if that could bring them back again.—Yours No., S. KENYON.

R ibbletoo,

===== 0002601_19110401_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
March 2th, 1911

The Church of England and Prayers for the Dead.

Sir,— If not expecting too much, I nhould be glad if you could find space for this, my final letter, in connection with the attitude of the Church of England to prayers for the dead. I will be an brief as possible. There is nothing like keeping to the point, in any controversy, no I make no apology for again reminding your reader. that I awned that prayers for the dead are—(l) Rejected by the Prayer Book Condemned by the Homilies • (3) Not to be found mentioned in Holy Scripture. The reply of " Layman " is very lengthy, and very interesting wonder who the gentleman is?) and is quite on Englinh Church Union lives, hut it. spite of his evident learning, he has been, in all honesty, obliged to admit that, of the three point. raised, two are correct Ile ears Teaching i,yansst prayers for the dead ia found nit the iforaiHee." Just 60 lle says, while nubmitting that there in indirect evidence. there is 00 direct command ;o holy Script; n• concerning progera for the deported." Precisely That has been toy contention all along. Bat " Layman- 0066 want, to represent that the Homilies are not necessarily the doctrines of the Church of England, ytt Quiet. Elizabeth appointed that !hey should be declared and read by all Pennons, Vtcars, and Curatts, every Sunday and holiday in their churches, and the article (non.', dealing with the lomilies in still retained in the Prayer Book. It in to be expected, however, that the Ititualintic Patty in the Established Cbuich would repudiate the& ctrines taught in the homilies. Teuly, a very convenient method, but not quite honest' With regard to the Jews and prayers for the dead, " Layman" would have done better to have produced no authentic quotation of a prayer need in cur Lard's time, in which petitions were offered on behalf if the dead. I could quote many Jewish prayers, but not one in which any mention is made of the dead. I have heard Dean Farrar preach, and everyone admits, I think, that he was a great preacher, but not many orthodox churchmen would say "Amen no his theory of "Everlasting Ilnpe." Nsturally he word,/ endeavortr to defend the practice in dispute. . . .

Mention is made vf my dogmatic assertion that Toe. 1., IS., applies to a living hit the time) not 11 dead, Marl. I have Several comment...grim it.cluding one for High Churchmen. which, of course, wi out rejoice the heart of " hayinss," hut in all the others, my view finds strong support. The present Nielson of Purham (may Cod long preserve him to the Church) commenting on the passage in question. says -I take it as referring ton Christian man, tither then present in Rome. or recently there, while his family are at Epheatis. I take it to be a prayer for them separately, the man and the fatni'y. became they wtro for the time separated from one another by Linda and seas."

Mv ci ate mentions the Burial Service as containing a prover for the dead—" That we with all those that are departed in the true faith " etc .—but I inlintsin that lie is utterly wrong in his interpretation of the meaning cf a simple sentence. AS a Protestant Churchman I use the same prayer myself, which I surely would not do if I for one moment thought that it coutd-nanced such a pernicious ',moire. And many eminent Churchmen were, and are, on my side, tco

_ . Lamly. I will deal with " Layman's " first point. lie says I would have done well to familiarise myself with the views of the English Reformers before com- mitting niyself to an emphatic declaration that they I condemned prayers for the dead, That is just a little rude of him, hut let it pass ! Your readers shall jmlge whether I mu, or am not, familiar with the subject Archbishop Cramer just before being led to the stake said I am come to the last end of tny life, whereupon hengedi all my life past, and all my to come, either to live with my Master Christ for ever ! in joy, or else to be in pain for ever with wicked I devils in hell, and I see before mine eyes presently, either heaven ready to receive me, or else hell ready to swallow toe up" Dora that FRVOIIf nt prayer. for the mead? In none of his last letters does Creamer mention prayers for the dead. I will pan on to Hugh Latimer (Bishop of Worcester) whom Liymen " quotes, but (note it carefully, reader)that quotation is fronts an utterance of humn 1513. In those days Bishop Latimer held many erroneous ideal., but in 1535, twelve years later, he gave tin his life for the Protestant ran-e, and RO for as I can discover, there is no trace in his last letters that he held to his former Roinieh d,ctrinee. Bishop Ridley who was burned with Latimer, in his farewell letter to his friends, antl in his trea.ise lamenting the state of England. gives many inatrnc- tOms to Christians, hat though frerptently mentioning prayer, makeis no allnsion t i it in respect of the dead John Bradford Pr lendary of St. Paul's) burned in 1553. in his " Confutation of four Romisli ficctrinea emphatically speaks againd prayer, for thedead. He nays : " Paul the Apostle arid all the Prophets never spake one word of praying for the dead, for all men may easily see that it is a thing which helpeth much vice and Lindereth godliness." tfy crirc speaks if " Mr. Jaye, and his fellow Pmtestants " Well! I glory in the name, f. .r Proteatantiam has no place for the priest, it provide, in altar, it has no mediator save Jesus Christ who Himself offered, once for all, an effectual sacrifice, and also, it is the sworn foe of int 'harem*. As time Protestants we ere not blind to the Ritualistic tactics of 9,010 of the clergy in the Eetaltli,hed Church who repudiate the Itef in:nation, and disown and abhor the very naive of Protestant. !Alin think you, Proteteriat Churchmen, of this quotation from a Ilitimlistle.m•- triscribti entitfed " The Priests' Prayer flunk? " " From the power of evil spirits good ford, d. liver thernlthe faithful dead/ ; from cruel flames,good fold. di liver them ; from in cold,good Lorddeliver them." Well might the Roman Catholic '• Tablet '• declare "We consider Ritualism to be indirectly tho most powerful propaganda f..r the Church (Nord. which England has yet seen." I hold the same view, !hence my reason for being a minister in the Reformed Episcopal Church. Though called dissenter I maintain that it is the Ritualistic Priest and not the Reformed Episcopal Minister who in, after all, the real dissenting parson.— I am sir, your obedient vrvant, WILLIAM T. JAYE,

Emmanuel Church. Reformed Epiecupal Church, Bold-afreet. March L'fith 1911.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
OFF-LICENSE TRANSFER.

Two Surrenders for a New District.

There was a large Becch of magistrates at the Boroligh Police Coot yeeterday morning, when Mr Gordon Pewert, barrister, applied on behalf of Mr Sso.oel Wych, the licensee,for the transfer of the off- licerne at 17, Gasket' etreet to GC,Marahhouse.lene. The magistrates present were The Mayor (chairman), Aldermen Forebaw, Smethurst, Pierpoint, Tlnuion, Councillor. 11 Hobert., Wilkinson and Lockw, end Maser. J W Maynard, S Wright, A J Jolley, Upson, T Pemberton, W, noterte,T Locker and W Furness. . . .

Mr Batty (Nlonchester) appeored fore numher of residents in the neighlonrhood of klarahhothse-lans, who protested against the granting of the license. Mr. (lord, o Hastert, esplained that Nlr. Wych had for some lime held an off-licence at 17 Gaskell.street, , and though his basin.. wee quite good be desire 4 to transfer his license to 60, Marsh House-lone, where an !off-licence sins more needed. He understood that the nearest licence of any kind to fin, M.'. House-lane was • 300 yards away, and that wn e fully licensed house. For acme reasons well known to the Cou r t an off-licence waa room deairable than a fully. licensed house in some respects. lf the application was granted, Mr. Bolton was prepared to surrender two off-license; at JODY. Buildings and Chorleyestreet, both of which mere renewed at the Session, in February and March. T. resnit of that would be the redaction of license! by two. He thought the Bench and t.e Temperance patty would agree that it was necessary to bane the proper number of licences, and no more. sad an off-licence ITU certainly wanted is that district. lir, liewart proceeded to gi•e particulars of altershioas to the new house.

Several witnerees were called for the applicant to show that an off -lionise was desir•Wo, the applicant, :SloWych, stating that it would be • great benefit to the neighbourhood to have an off.license. t.lr.lhtty stated that he appeared for • large number of neighbonm,who had signet. petition protesting against the granting of • license of any kind in the neighbour- hood. lie sogge•ted that there was an entire anaesce of ordinary grounds of merit. The Bench retired and on retorniog into Court the Chairman announced that the application would 04 granted.

WA ft Ft I, —Printed and Pub' isbod by Jon, %VALIUM & cO. Warrington , Ltd., at The lit' Printing Work., Berraey-street, !Rai puhli.hed by them at lb. name place, and alao at 2, 71.. Fsalnoter 019cee, Vtotoria-road, Wtr,333, 3, o•Oree-etre.l, St. flu in,, 3, blartet•treet. E•RIZeTOA (lamb-street, RUNt. 011 N. April 1 1911.

===== 0002601_19110401_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

The Lodge-Percy Repertoire Company.

TM, has been an interesting week fr 1-,al p rtr,n, of the drama. Mr. J. C. Lalge-Percy's Repertoire Company bas oeculied the board, at the Royal Court Theatre and presente I n varied and attractive series of plays in good style. On Monday and Wed- nesday " Moths.- adapted I rota Oaidn's celebrated novel was presented ; on Tuesday " Mr. Barnes of New York ; on Thursday " The Second Mrs. Tanqueray " ; on Friday " Camille " ; and t,-night Shull we forgive her, Frank Harvey's greatest, I drama. . .

e witnessel the production of Moths f,sr the first time on Monday and were by no means favour- ably impressed. This in one of those s.ciety drums apparently written with the object f display- ing aciety in the most unfavourable and lurid light. So far it aucceeds admirably. Most of the leading characters are titled people with scarcely a ahred of character left, with the loosest ideas of morality, and vulg.- ia the extreme. One cannot contemplate them, even on the stage, with equanimity, anal fortunately they •re no overdrawn as to UIVO O. the inopreasion that S •nety can hardly be so rotten and debaaed as it is presented or it could I not exist. !Moldiest there are such hearties anal ,1 licentious ma rant as Lady Dolly N'and.rdecken in the world, such adventuresses as the Duchess do Saunas, and such nein incipled anal debauched villains as Prince Sergius Zouroff, but S eiety last a strong leaven of decent people and deserves a lest detestable awl exaggerate' representation. The mast natural person in the play is Miev, Fuchsia Leach, an meril-aa young lady with Loth a wholes..., mint and ;b aerire of humour. In fact her only drawback is a entnewhat too pronounced Transatlantic accent Miss Henrietta Shrier acted the rC.le in • very accoolplishel manner and won m-srt of the

applause from a s.mewhat staggere I and cite. In contra:4 to her mother, Lady we had the uninapeachilde virtue and transparent 111110Cellea of Vera Herbert—a character almost as touch overdrawn. With her,innocence and a perpetual gloom of counten- ance seemed to be inseparable traits, and the effect was as trying to the onlooker as it was atilisevently to Prince Sergius X uroff. Mr. Lorlge Percy had a strung role as L .r.l Jars, the noblemal who turns knight-errant late in life aid swears beauty and air ire in distress. while „nra,somuor faitfifid characterisation to Mimi tiar.thy Dewhurst (as the Duchess) Mr. Ernest Whitwell (Duke of Mull) ; and Mr. Andrew Money (Prince Sergine,

NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. "MlsS HOOK OF HOLLAND."

Next week we are having a return v's:t of Mr George Dance's "Sins Hock e f Holland " Contras, which was no successful here last year. The piece was wonderfully succes•fill when first pr,duced at the Prince of Wales Theatre, and its lightsome gaiety makes its, popular never. Before the run was over in London, Mr. Dance organized a company which played it seven weeks in Slat cheeter, whilst another company pia, ed it simultaneously in Elinlxargh. Since then his companies hare been seen with it in almost every tow n aml with invariable niw.ese. The company representing it will be one r f Mr. Duces lest com- binations, and will include Mimi Nan Stuart a," Hook," Miss Maud Denny as " Mies.- Mr. Reginald Hunter as "Slink.," Mr. Edmund flusseil as " Hook," Sr. Frank H. Cr imp as the Baodmseter. Mr. Lawrence Somervillo an " Capt. Pup" and Mr. Rosa as "Schnaaps," the foreman to the " Ifolks."— Mr. Edmund Russell pla3s Mr. Hr.ok with just th.• neces- sary dry humour and without exaggeration. Mr. Frank 11. Crimp is quite an old friend. bringing back memories of "The l'rince of Pil.,eu" His fine voice e. id do justice to the famous milital y march. He Las also a good a-ng for the second act, in whivh he recounts hia doings as instructor to • ladies clam If, , Roes as "Samuel:, '' contributes two good songs end a clever dance. Ile is also stage manager. The augmented orchestra is under the direction of Mr. H. A. Dyer, Mus, Bac.

Many are the reasons given for going to church, as well as for staying away. Among the former was an amusing one related by . .

clergyman at a mission meeting in Man- chester the other day. An old lady, who had become quite a regular worshipper at his church, approached him one day and asked " Do you know why I decided to come to your church?" the clergyman, while expressing his delight that she did come, admitted his inability to answer the ques- tion, whereupon the old lady said: " Well, it was because you are the picture of my dear son, who died not long ago." The "dear son," then explained the clergyman with engaging humour, " was an imbecile who went about smashing windows."

===== 0002601_19110401_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH.

PARRV.—At Linda Vista, Streamline Creicent Mari, Elsie Noah, dearly beloved daughter and only child of Mrs. Parry and the late He• W. It Parry. in her 21st year. Interment •t St. Helens Carnatirry, Monday afternoon. No Hower. by nisei,' regent. " Thy will be drip..."

===== 0002601_19110401_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
PLAN OF SEATS NOW OPEN AT THEATRE. Tel. 460. GRAND SHAKESPEARE COMMEMORATION PERFORMANCE OF MACBETH AT THE ROYAL COURT THEATRE, MOZiDAY 21rt0 APRIL NEXT. IN AID OF THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY MILLION PENNY FUND. The Cost includen in addition to DR. I. 4W, MR. HAROLD SMITH, M.P., and MRS. R. GARNET over 10 other well known local players. Plan of Seats will be opened at the Theatre Box Ord. on SATURDAY NEXT, the Bth inst., at 10 a.m. Full Cant and Particulars later. J. W. SULLEN, Hen. Secretary. 101. NT Y BOROUGH OF W ARAI NG TO N. The Gas Committee invite, applicationo from firm. winking to TENDER for the undermentioned GOODS aa may be required dming the next 12 months. Full particulars can he obtained on application to &Ir. W. S. Haddock, Gas Engineer, Warrington. All inquiries must be made before April 15th neat. 1 Bags and String 14 bad and Compo 2 One Fittings Pipe 3 Ironmongery, Mill 15 Lime and Cement Frani hinge end 16 011 s, Paints, /to. General Stores 17 Printing & Stationery 4 Csat-Iron Maine 18 Railway Material 5 Castings 19 Timber 6 Clothing 20 Gas Meters 7 Street Lamps 21 Wrought-Iron Tubes 8 Cookers, Fires, &c. and Fittings 9 Bricks and Setts 23 Coal, Cannel and 10 Fireclay Goods Bensol 11 Flexible Tube 23 Taps, Velvet., &c. 12 Glass 21 Purifier Grids 13 Iron and Steel 25 Dryselteries& Vitriol FREDERICK TAYLOR, Gas offices Secretary. Warrington, March 23rd, 1911. ACCIDILNI'S OF ALL KINDS SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, THIRD PARTY MOTOR CAR, LIFT, BURGLARY, GLASS AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANEE VIII SHAWN OP. WHICH •lIN veereD ix THR NORTH BRITISH A MERCANTILE INSURANCE Co. CLAIMS PAID over £,6000,000 U. CORNHILL, LONDON. Stot.mrage ARTHUR WORLEY. MANCHESTER OFFICE 48, BROWN SREET. AGENTS r Warrington Sir. C. J. HOLMES, Queen's Chambers Mr. W. H. RIGBY, Nessecliffe,Viotoris-rd. Udell ford. St. Helene Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-etreet tinydock Mr. J. BI LUNGE, The Willows seadbach .14t, F. J. FIN LOW, Rookery Bridge

EMPIRE HALL, WARRINGTON. TEL 232. EVERY MONDAY, THURSDAY AND SATURDAY, COMMENCING APRIL 3RD, A DANCE RILL HE HELD FROM 730 TO 10.30. P 171.1. BAND All Ow latrat rod py polsc rude. The heeutiltd onloortd liahs• and Kaleidoscopic Effects used every Erepip,. Finest eaoriog 11. cr_io the hisaficm. ADMISSION :-31..nday, Ladies' •orl Gent's 6d, Thursday, Lad4s., i (Woo, 9,1 soo3Pay. 1.0.W.'. 64. : Gent's. 3d. Look nor for the TR A nE•4 FXIMITTION.

\\TIRELESS TELEGRAPH" TRAINING "COLLEGE, OLD POST OFFICE, 'WARRINGTON. WHAT TO DO WITH OUR BOYS: THE PROBLEM IS EASILY SOLVED, BY SENDING THEM TO THE SCHOOL OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY, WHERE THEY CAN LEARN A PBOFF:SSION WHICH IS INTERESTING AND PROVIDES A GREAT FUTURE FOR THEM. AGE LIMIT, 16-24 LET YOUR BOY JOIN AT ONCE! GREAT DEMAND FOR WIRELESS 0i ERATORS THROUGHOUT THE WORLD. GREAT OPPORIUNITY OF SEEING TH WORLD ABOARD LUXURIOUS LINERS. THE COLLEGE IS FITTED WITH THE MOST lODERN I.IARCONI WIRELESS INSTALLATION, AND OPENS ON MARCH 28TH. FOR PARTICULARS AND FEES APPLY TO THE PRINCIPAL, SCHOOL OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY, WARRINGTON.

EARLY SPRING, WEAR OF Ladies' and Children's Millinery, Costumes, Dresses, Blouses, Blouse Robes &e. MRS. WALSH. 50 & 52, SANKEY STFiE.ET, WARRINGTON.

RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Largeassortmest of Framed Pictures suitable for Wedding sad Birthday Presents, &boo! Prises, in. Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER Or PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, sod BURNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENORAVINGS.

UP-TO-DAT( Bespoke Tailoring. Smart Cut. Perfect Fit. Latest Styles. .ofti lit i Small Deposits & Weekly Payments from 1,1. ) .R: :ou Silt. °"'"1".... 7 Fll/76 ' AN _.,,...0 '4 Youths' Site ... ... ... 25/6 / Ladies' Costumes ... ... 20/- Ladies' Coats ... ... ... 9/11 If nimble to call, send postcard I and our representative will visit yoa at your own tomes, with s New Season's Patterns, dm. Watson, Scott it Co., 62, OLDHAM STREET, MARCHLSTER. WAINWIGHTS REGISTERED 22. GOLD WEDDING RINGS. CHEAPEST AND BEST. ENGAGEMENT RINGS A SPECIALITY 7, PARKER ST r'orner of Church it.), Lit ERPOOL. Bine Carr% post free. Established o'er. Century 1 -1 STEPHEN ISNI 05.9 & SONS Lnarrn, SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IM PLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS,A OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXE AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, 80. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET. WARRINGTON B' 1 . %..../UNNINGHAM, 29, FROGHALL LANE, %ARRINGTON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Oninneser Stout, Basit's Pale Al.. dass's No. I Strong Al,. Worthington's and Allsopp's Abs. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Whestley's and Mack', Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAOIR Hiss in BOTTLE. ALsO MabirracTnrisits Or Mal-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. Telephone 79. A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHININE YE. PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL. 99 BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. Red Or Idalt-gisted Finish, 135. tid. Prices Quoted Sot Ville'. Illostiated Leaflet on Application.

"BIG YIELD " FERTILIZERS GROW BIG CROPS. MOST PRODUCTIVE MANURE ON THE MARKET FOR PRICE AND TERMS APPLY OWEN TOOLE, 252, WIN WICK-ROAD, WARRINGTON. Telephoto 1.. U 2. It!riun a Cvtilecle." REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. ' PRICES 2/2,2,4, 2/8 sad 2/5 per lb. THE NATIONAL TEA CO., 16, HORSESIARKET ST., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Chtques given with the Tes may be exchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per coot. HEAD E9TABLI4IIMENT 50, and 151, Friargate, Preatoa.

F. ATH GREENHOUSE BLINDS m-• ARTISTIC TRELLIS do. ILLUSTRATED LISTS FREE. WEIGHTMAN AND CO., CHERRY ORCHARD RD, CROYDON. FREE. FREE. TO ALL USERS OF A GENUINE EDISON PHONOGRAPH A Most Useful Article will be sent post free on receipt of S d. postcard, giving typo of Macbine7Genr, Standard, or ll.,me—end Special Number of Machine, to J AKE GRAHAM, 71-7 U, RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL.

GEDDF.B74 DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. BOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 50., 10D., AND Is. So. EACH. WHOLISALI BY 3. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON.

DEAL WITH AN ENGLISH FIRM • MONEY. MONEY. MONEY. NO FEES. NO FEES. NO FEES. £2 to £5OO. Greeted daily to Householders, Farmers and others. Dintance so object. Amy: JOHN MORTON (Actual Lender), 8, Legh at., (2 doom from Sankey Wartiegtr n. WIDNES. SS, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Reepectable Householders, on Ureic own security, with- out delay, on our shnifi• written promise to pay back FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. U. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. JOHN E. GOODWIN, MANAGER. OUR AIM IS TO ASSIST THE PEOPLE. CASH Advanced from £lO to £5,000 without security or budlicity. Our interest is at Imst half that of loan offices or lone companies, t bey certainly cannot compete with us. Existing loans caid cif, sod additional canh advanced. Short period loans Is. 9d. in the Ilminesa done through post if desired. Letters muss need (Actual Lenders). N. STAFFORD, LTD., 55, CIIOBB BTOOOT, 19ANCHRITER. TO £5,000 LENT DAILY .X,,MI ON THESE TERMS for agreed period • £5 loan, Repay £5 10s. 1 £25 loan, Repay £27 I.os. £lO „ „ Ell 1 £3O „ „ £33 £l5 „ „ £1610.. 1 £5O „ „ £55 • „ „ £22 l £lOO „ „ £llO No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special Wondrous applicants from thin district. CHARLES PAIKIN, 219,BRUNSWICK ST„OX FOR D RD., MANCHESTER., end at 19, WITTON ST., (over Bradley's Clothing Shop) NORTH WICH. T F YOU REQUIRE A PRIVATX LOAN and Honourably Intend to Repay then waste 'no time on deceiving Advertisements, M. SEFTON, LTD., Lewd Cheaply Privately and Promptly. £5 Interest 5/- 1 £3O interest 30 - £lO „ 10- I £5O „ 50. £2O „ 1 £lOO „ 100, Repayment arranged to suit circumstances. WRITE OR CALL (in confidence) MISS COTTERILL, MANAGERESS, 11, CAIRO STREET, 'WARRINGTON. HERE'S A CHANCE FOR YOU. NO MATTER WHO OR WHAT YOU ARE as long as I consider you satisfactory I WILL TRUST YOU WITH A LOAN FROM £5 to £5OO. No matter what other lenders charge or advertise, get may terms and you will find them still lower. Lamm my modern way of lending money without-publicity. Emy weekly or monthly payments to suit your convenience Apply at once to the Actual Leader MARK RJJBIN, 9, ARPLEY STREET, (off Sankey Street) Warritagtou, MISS WOODWARD, 11111Mgere•I. 100 CLEAN COLLARS FOR is. • LIN-GLOSS MAKES TIIS POSSIBLE. .An Ible waterproof dreams for keeping collars and miffs clean for weeks, easily applied. try Is. tin post free. LIN GLOSS CO , 97, FURNIVAL ST. LONDON, E.C. ton —J

DOES YOUR UMBRELLA WANT A NEW COVER? , - FOUR GOOD REASONS WHY YOU 4-7 • SHOULD o TRY ONE' •,vi OF Wilson's " Reliance " Umbrella Covers. ltd.—They are warranted Fast Dye, sad GII3I an teed nor to Split 2nd.—lF you mad your umbrella TODAY, it is returned 60 you TO-MORROW like new, There in no delay. Ilret—lTE TAKE THE FRAME ENTIRELY TO PIECES AND THOROUGHLY CLEAN IT before Fatting on the New Cover. 4th —YOU ARE DEALING DIRECT WITH THE MAXERS'and thereby HAVINC ALL INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. Book of patterns and prim, 11,11 be writ ,PREE to any Prices from is. RELIANCE UMBRELLAS from 13 to 63/- "P`l,:;:%"„r"nt J. WILSON & eo•. UMBRELLA SPECIALISTS • 48, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

time for another ten days. You can still qualify for the two prize's, but all attempts must reach this office not later than Tuesday, April 11th, 1511. Com- munications already sent in will not be opened until the day for closing the competition, so that absolute fairness will be given to those who take advantage of competing even now. Please send &seemly as possible and tell your friends about it. Just let me remind you what it its all about. Prizes will be awarded to: those who trend in the moat practical poultry hint. It mutt be written on one side of the paper only. but can use as many sheets of paper as you wish provid- ing you do not exceed 150 words. The editor reserves the right to publish any or all of the attempts sent in. Names of the surreesful competitors will be published in the '' Examiner ..n S turtiay. April 15th. BEFORE BUYING AN INCUBATOR ITE T,J HEARSON'S - For • /MIRE Copy of The Problem :-- inf•realing and fully .• illustrated. Hronoomis •111 Incubators SPRATIDS PATENT LTD.. em 24. Peseltursh St.. London. AGENTS: CARTER tic SON, Bridge St. Warrington.

The nest Perfect Preservative for the Skin and Complexion. Bottles 1/. of all Chenests and Stores. I alt-I arolA Rad. Reetecees snd ,ewnts all ROUGHNESS. REDNESS. CHAPS, IRRITATION etc KEEPS TEE ERIN son% 111100T11 AND WEITZ. ar'f ter' Gd:l4}l4r.n..S'llin:"DarKß h :Ifr". N. SEETBAN 4 SEN. Cheltenham.

NY= Wag. Is owl • Pawn. bat 011.1.11lOY• & MICE ANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., Mow, I•rwloo • and of WI ',mom.

sAisITAL MI DI

Theae tiny C.apeulee relieve idney sort Bladder 'Freebie promptly end cure In forty-eight hour.. kach Capsule beers the name " Moly." Hold by al ' Chemiets, or post free as. ed., from WILCOX & CO. (Dept 50) 49, ILt TSIA UK NT, LONDON,

MERRY WEATHERS .... CLASS WATERING HOSE TESTIMONIAL —"The hose I ha I from you ten years ago is as good :u ever and likely to last another ten.' 63 LONG ACRE. LONDON

CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to onto in either sex, all acquired or conirtitotiona discharge., from 'lto Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the Lock. Preo from Mercury. Entabliakied upward. of ql years. In hoses 4x. 11.1. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendome throughout to. world, or sect for sixty sumps by the makers TIN Lium,lo and, didland Countie• Drug Co., Linoola.-Advt .Anvice to NlCrillltitb.--Ant you brokea in your not by a sick child etiffering with thri pain of cutting tooth? Go at our, to • &enlist, and get • bottle of bitts. Wigs.w't SOOTHING SYRUP. It produce. natural, rol.t eloop by coloring the child from pale, and tbe little (Uerob awake. "a. bright ea button." .7,..ntaiss no Poisonous Ingredient. Of all Chioniilih lid per bottle.--Advt.

SPOILING THE BROTH. • -, ~,- , -.. ~,:e;,-.--;•-,,,,,,,-.44, ,A ,/ //.,-- '• - .4.#.,.-... . ...',.:A•n",tei--74, PP',,-'g'-g; -/,f%---" .., ... 4,..-- .. ' ~..•;4.,„;-4;4-/ ~,,,,,-,..•,;„,%-.•-, Li/. ~e, - .7.7-,:::-.2.,_-_ .....: - -- . ;fob& • ‘,/,•// pop,___ , 6,- ,-, - , , .. ,- ‘7l.' .1" -- •, /- /-,/,14 -,?- - _ \ „ „ .„, „fi , i t,„.,,.•,, --asriv - t -‘1 ,-. „,JAP.- A i , - --- Pe '' %ff.' . ,y,,,,, % -....1.14 ~. , _. . 5._ iff , ' ..............- r i'W, -CHE OUR. It --- ' joi4 • ---fefraii,,,— ~. eeo t- c- .—__"-- ,k t. $,,....;i= S.e./...-.--4 - .--=-.. m tiik• : 40', _,,, <BOAkE SCHEtt - ---110-7 \-79 -''' -=-‘'' .."--.. v.-,. W- - f4'4o--;i! Foy ji-•---'_._.__..,_______„'--eC---wl'' ...... .11r.. ..1 _- /// _ - = - --,_-= "".'.......* = ... .. ... _ 't • / 1. _ _ _=__ __--_.--7---- ,--:-- ,- -------- _ ....- / / . ________ :r-/-,?-/•IT-.77---1 - '._->-' .......,- ..- - ---------4-'- 4 ------''''-/ ---- . , LANSDOWNE (the Chief Cook) : "1 say, you fellows, remember this is supp;sed to be broth—you're ',taking a ha,lB of it!"

Our New Branch at 35, Bridge St. eontinues to be Pin Un ualified Success,

and to still further induce confidence in our New Zealand Mutton we are making. Pi great Reduction in Prices

LEGS sd. SHOULDERS 421 d. per lb. Our Mutton is all New Zealand; is tender, nutritious and appetizing. Altogether different from River Plate Mutton which we do not sell

ARGENTA IEAT CO., LTD. 35, BRIDGE STREET. Tel 364. Your orders will be carefully served.

THE EXAMINER Series OF WIlilt•VID KIWSPAPIRS COMPRISIS THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The principal and the °Meet weekly per for War- ton, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate Lymm, he., being one of the largest and beat weekly gapers in Lancaahire and Cheshire. The district covered by paper comprises a large trailing and agricultural tract in South Lancaabire and Mid- Cheshire. T" RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in Lowe and district, and offers the best and cheape,t facilities to ativertiura MIRE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday looming. Widnea contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of induatry. MILE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The largest local paper containing the newel of Earlestown, Newton-re-Willows, Gulborne, Haydock, Lowton. An The district thus comprised in • most important part of the Laacarthire coalfields. lIIHE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning, circulsting in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton, Petrel*, Crows, M.—the centre of the glue, chemical and watch trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISEMENr3. One Three Sin Thirteen ir•rrds. Week. Weeks. Weeks Weeks. 32 ... I. Oil. 2e. 6d. ... es. Od. 7e. 6d.

Dos% Look Old; one the Persim Hair Dyeaold every. rebore, orb, post, le.-242 Hackney , London QUITHTO& Costume Cloths, Rainproofs, patter no frse.--WOOLLas MANCPACTCRINO CO. M Asti°l"7.—Poll hormoopes 1 8. State birthplsoe,date tiree.—Atrott, 11 Itemrley rd., Chiswick, London Xrdaientilic Method of mating money, panic. f Write Malandsr, 41, Union Psnrose, Birmingham COLORED postcerds Cal. doz., 3 don. Is. 3d.—Wnt Sformonds,Crtsreot Villas,baisbow Ili Worcester AEMT (Joey boas, 2 palm for Is. 3d. post trim:- Mutteen'e Drepery Storeer,Rusholme rd.,Slancheoter Vriak Kendal, Koruposer, K Imn Katchy Kornic bongs 1I earn, list frce.—Addresa Hippodrome, Oidham. pitr—.CIMSORK, 300 Pretty bilk. I .1 post No.-8 Olasos, 16, Penns of., Heeler, fehagi...ta, 3—W) ZAIR. Brea WU RE proepecte, moonrise, Imam's, ataiTiT. 12 date l/'.—Azitos, I, Netherford rd, Lonrho, SAP LiDIFAV Horee•made underwear, list on applit• on Mi.. BRIGHTON, Broom., Norfolk. 1-0- Of k Mm... 35., terns 36.61,'ermlist. s free.-11onirros,24,Rotberhithe New rd.,S.E e-MSTES Misty SILK ROW sent for 7 state/e— -gos& 61, Cooke Wal worth, London. . ('RTI F ICATRI) irrorrot. Seed glove, age, stamp YaIe—MAGGIE MCCALLUM, L. ern Place, Oonrock. lateot nosier., I s.JW.-1.1411.1.re5, I 118, Arlington rd., Camden Toler, London. ___ VOTERS scud your secrets, r ample knit). with RA instructions 7,1 d. p ,s; (rm.—Timms, White House, Blackpool, EACITIMU L-Enlargenase to, 20 16, framed conspletr7, .6-1 absolutely fres.—Perticalars, Id unaght M orlon rd., Bourne VIPE Stammerer, eel& wired, gladly helps others, .14 persoaally or oorrerponlenos.--CURNIS, 96, Milford it.. Salisbury. UITINOS, Cordon)* Cloth., ralnpronfs, Wm) 1..-7 patterns frOir.WOOLLMI M AIMIIACSCRLNO C 0... PANT, Mirfield, York.. MEI2.T.BOUp.StERL fidelostln: Benton Hill, Leeds. Elk LOUSE lengths. latast, potterer', hest moterials 6 SLY for 6s, send P. 0., Aococc A Co.,Wholosale Ware- house, 21, Connon st.,3lssohntor. WHI fE Domask Tabloclotbs, full size 2e., carriego V Y 3d., worth'... lid., if not mtistled money returaed. —New PORT, 148, Old at., London, E.C. STAMPS. 110, all different, including Rhodesia, Zanzibar, Seychelles, Sarawak, Panama, Somaliland eto., id. DAV BY, "Churchill," Ronald Park Avenue, Westoliff, Eases.

'Lurn ne liture Clear and Polisher.-Sirnple, make your 1' own, will sot soil the bands • recipe and instruct, tionelP.o, 7d.-H. KtheY,ls3,Breanook rd., London, N Ladles' Straw Hate altered to present therm and re-dyed, is. rich ; 6d. extra boz and postage if order Mee Uteri be.-Saeltb, Msnufecturee, 42 John at,, Luton• 171141711 holiday ache...; very popufar,inexpensive; guest homes le loveliest tourist oeutrea-Stamp , or Illus. booklet,Sge Mentors Close,Grange.over-Sands. On ensue Troops a r,&etiSi lb to dothn at 418../ 9a 2d. dozen, orate packing free.-HELIMINOS, WRIGHT!! CO., Buoclench Works, Length,. _ "Virm Mediated 1869 requires parteervicee of young 1' man or woman with good address and undeniable refereeces. Suburbs or provinom-Apply Boa No. 8190, do SHARROW & THeycif RR, Holborn Pl. London W.C. . _ raIIRYMEN and Farmera-A secret that rTh JL., inmvaae your inoome by pounds. Full particu- late, la-E. 801.tv, 16, Albert at.. Slough. PRINTING at every deecription. CloorTwerk-ailo-si 1 Prices, a'so Indisrubber stamps. Estimates free from F. Grove& 44, Shudehill, Mancherter, ',RESERVING EGGS.-Nothing equals Doyle's/ Water-glass; no mess! no waste ! costa under IA don.; packet 10d.,quart land. free.-C.Lu3B,Kilthuttou• 150 pairs Ladles' Dove Comet, chain ateel.. Si... 19 to 28. 2s. per poor, poet free. Wonderful valoe.-Ev.tro's DRAPKRY Dart., Bicester. _ 3/6. i".."..l"ig:frmy ur,i_Trr.,;.e.l47.;tß"E! All Smart. State size and style.-Meteos, Mama. facture', Caen..., Monty. rilo Violinists, 'Cellists, Pianist'. The Cowling • Method nave. yesre of weary practice. No apparatus Send postcard fur free book.--Cowttho INsMcvg, 4, Bloomsbury at., London, W C. RE WOO D. Firel ig hter Maeldnery.-Money-ma hien .1. beet eppliaoces and everything connee tad with the trade.--Convenient terms, M. GLOyert AND Co., Ablator, Holbeck, Leeds.l BOOT Dealers, write for wholesale terms of Repairs; goer. equal to new ; latest machinery ; I pay car. both ..ye,-F. C. SCOTT, Boot Bemiring Factoriee, 122, Belgeoregate, Leiosater ; 48. Gooeegate, Nottingham, BOOIS. Ladies' and Gents' high-clue footweer ruin be obtained free. Enclose Id. Masai, for full purlieu's" guaranteed genuine.-Jougen Boot Warehouse, 3. Pritchard at., Bristol. lIIMREDICTION BY CARDS.-Marvelloth emcees 1. always, arCUrate as to past, preseot and future *vests. Seed Is. P. 0., stamped addreased Di v 181 a, 1, Church terrace, St Johne,Worcester. ASTEOLOOY.-Send oame with birth date and Is. Id. to Rooamca, 31. Breck rd.. LiVerpool, mud ' kern your character, thcceseful occupation, life events, marriage, lucky days, colon's, numbers. SiiRGlBl4, Serge* 50rg...1.-Direct from toe Looms. For ladies', gents', and children', wear (patter.. fees) Agents wented.-BRAUFORD &MOE DidNurdc- 77numo Co., 31 Booth at., Bradford. BOOT BARGAINS.-Blsok or Brown; Glace kid or Calf, Lane; Derby or Button; any aloe and width, Ladies', be 64 • Geol.', 81 64 (Shoe., 1/- INDOSTRTAI. BOOT CO., Hinckley. UPRIGHT.-P.an we interest you la so indoetry of three years' trial that has proven • money.rnsker ? Statement mailed fremt-Addreee CUBA APIARY ASSOCIATIoN, No. 749, Cerro, Havana, Cuba, W.I. Meadows Gigantic Advertising Scheme-Will you hare 211 e. of our Delicious 2s. Tea gratis, and then talk about It to your friend, ? If so, send stamped eddremed envelope for partice-Meedow's Teas, Keswick. I_l 'ably interesting scientific toy.-Flying Ringdove, Al north flapping wings. l'rice te. Agent. wanted.- F, Wirrnotta, 33 Agincourt rd., London, N.W. SPRING Clesning.-Ask your Grocer or Stores for the Ideal Paiot Cleaner, 9d. and C.d. boxes, or wed dinct to Manufacturers, BOSLEY Barer., Reading. No soap. No Elernbbing. -- RECIPE to make P pant Plate Cleaning a pleasure, et free 7d. Liquid, quite original used by Jewellere ; enough to Int six month, or longeri coats 6a. Ingredient. obtainable at any Clunnist...-BLACKWILL, 272, Wellingboro rd., Northampton, Harry.-Your friend is quite correcL The' Orchid' razor. are made for light, medium, or heavy Romping, •nd are useqtalled.-ORCHA RD M ANL.. pACTURIXO CO., 146, Broad at., Birmingham. But all Ironmongers and Cutlersaupply them. No, there is nothing bolter made. FIIHE £1,000" Daily Moil " Sweet Pea Prize. If you , • wish to stria this fortune send Immediately la. P.O. for our eztre special packet of most cerefully selected seeds. We guarantee perfect bloorna-McßßAiNit, Expert Gardener., 23, Hampshire Terrace, South.... QUIT and Costume Lengths front 12s. ; any length cat; car. Feld ; latest patterns free.-Department 2, E. WAVaRLSY TWiteD CO., Havant Scotland. 110.1•1.0.T.O. POST CARDS of youreelf la dos.- ▪ oatalogues and samples:free ; ENLARGEMENTS (life aloe) is. 3d. complete.-Pituro Worms, July road, Liverpool, F.. ThIRECT hose Loom to Wearer.- Splendid Suit 17 Lengths, 9e. to 25..; deo Overcoatings ; latest noedtiel ; patterns free ; carrier. paid.-a,EaT RIDING HANCPACTURINO Co., Golcar, Huddersfield.

- -- DAISY Reedy mixed 10Ib. tin., 2.. 6d. Why pay K more. Two tin. carriage paid.—Wßottnatil PAM WARKHOUSK IK Stanley Ist., Momlnfield. 64 PACIE,BCIiOK;abown HERBS .ao Ti r t inmo .r.g t I,t to Y.b.: Herbalia, 144, Richmond r.,(Serdlff. Ertabllabed 1879 QUIT and Coatume length. from Ha., Orerooatings 1...7 7a. 6d. Carriage paid. Latest pettnraa free. Any lesgth cot. Dept. 2,E. Wa v 61ILE fir TW Zia Co., Hayrick, Scolluid. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARIES. nuR I sim tune. for 1911 will make your setvlcen Xi, bright and attractive; wri.• at once lot free apecimene. Max( IiEsTRR SUNDAT SCHOOL I2Ntrx, 5, John Dalton at., Nlauchastor. ht PHKrOy. Ell% fx:e.a ta . and Falm: . pE. rplar stionls. :..‘ll3 liclNKHoluen Orrie[S, 65, Works, 79, Upper Bra k It, Itl•nshester. Brooch 452, Ashton Old rd., Opens w. '

VOR Sale, SHED over six feet erinare for cycles or garden tool.. Excellent condition ; oars le• air anytime.— RAN...MIL, Shirley, Hill CHINN \RIPPING, pure, no objectionable smell ; tar better resulte than horn bud and eleaper; try sample cask.— CSOWTII afl,Turton at., Bolton. WHY be Bold? Vaughan's Halrgroeer "speedily '%I, produc4 a luxuriant heir. Most astonishing results. Trial box 6d.— F. VA UGH AN, 30, P Avenue, Wood (i.e.], London, N. BARGAINS IN PIANOS, &C. lIARMONIUM £5 0 0 ROSEWOOD CASE, 6 SIOPS, tiOOD CUL% DLTION. ILL AIMINAASE,3 STOPS, £4 0 0 GOOD OORDI LION. LI A RMONIUM 24 0 0 ft WALNUTCASE.4 STOP& IDIANO 25 0 0 1 BY BRINSMEAD. PIANO £lO 0 0 R. BY BROADWOOD, ROSEWOOD CASE. LANO R. tl2 0 0 BY R. ALLISON, WALNU r LASE. PIANBCY B• ROADWOOD. £l3 0 0 1 3"NBCY' B• Y. WAGNER. £l3 0 0 PIANBCY. H• ILTON & HILTON. £22 0 0 PIANB° GOSS& 'ULLMANN £2B 0 0 CIHAPPELL, S2B 10 0 N-1 FULL IRON FRAME, OVERSTRUNG. ROSE- WOOD CASE, SLIGHTLY USED (SHOP SOILED). CIOLLARD ACOLLARD, £29 15 0 IL, FULL IRON FRAME, SHOP SOILED, BEST UNDERDAMPER ACTION. 13"APITTE4ALE CASE, £3O 0 BEST UNDF.RDAMPEIt ACTION, SLIGHTLY USED. AUSTIN BROWNE, 0 FULL IRON FRAME, £29 10 0 SHOP SOILED,SLIGHTLY USED. ALL PIANOS WARRANTED TERMS ARRANGED WADS WORTH'S, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

Too Late for Classification. TYPTCAL Exhibition Anomaly, Cock Eadentiedirect; ex cellent layers ; eggs 3s. 6d. &mei:l.—Pail iculars, Ox Kr Ron, Blench it.. Rochdale.

Matrimony. ATRI MON CAL.—Clergyman, age 35, of good birtil 0.1. and family, just returned from Minion., work abroad, ia desirous of meeting lady of independent means, wishing to mettle down. Particulars with photo if powdble, to I), H. Cioott iii, M.A., 20, Marolhaisee rd, London, S.E.

‘TEW remedy, for Constimstion. Trial bottle le. le • SI.NNi 1.12 'Eiden. el I rd., Eastbourne. LIDS ME lig U I N for brain, and body.— post tree.—SLl3N, Chemist, Newport, Salop. CORPULENCY. Reduced myna!f permanently, cost 94., recipe I. P.O.—WHITAKER, Brutalises *mem! Ashton-under-Lyne. AN.EMIA.—PiIIs for ell fermis Iregularitlea. Seed 2,9 for sample bat (Guaranteed effectual,— Manaus MELLEIIIIIR, at., 66 QELIP," Bradford.—Oteat Ointment for P ilea 1,7 the viscid° that hen cased e vent eensatios in the medical world, post free, Is. Id.—K mu A Co., Leede rd., Bradford. IVURSE HOPE'S Remedy, certain cure for indigos. 11 don, Anemia, Constipation, Mimeses& Testi-1 menials daily, Price Is. lid.—Llotost Aso Co, 173,, Station road, Horwlob, Bolton, CIOMFORTABLE Home for patients; also trained 011111.11 supplied.—..MODZßAT6," Telephone "5203" Be3el, 2. Rowlett Avenue, Liverpool. ECZEMA.—If you suffer from the terribly irritating complaint and have been disappointed with other so-called cure& do sot delay, but send 80. for Ow..', Eczema Ointment ; certain cure.—W. Owns, chemist, 104, Hepworth at.. Liverpool. SEND FOR BOOKLET, POST FREE. RHEUAIATISA cad its ROYAL REMEDY. Published by F. W. KISIBALL, 84 OXFORD STREET, LONDON, W. (First Floor) IPOON to the Weak end those who suffer Dom Nervous 11 Breakdown, Trembling,Leasituda, Mental Depress- ' ions,DreernaLoes of Strength,Belchings,%lgorine re the new Botanical Medicine that feeds the ellunuted system. ' Two Weeks Home Court. sent post free for 3,6. Free letter of advice sent if case in stated fully.—Andress A. Horwooo Jones:Me ldeal Re medies,Co.,l2,Alrig ete,R.o

Qave Your Bight.—Brice's Eye Lotion averts serious 1.7 troubles; cleaosing,thotbing, and healing, increasing y ower of vision. Send P.O. 2/8 per bottle poet free. Ob- tained only and prepared by E.T.8rice,D.0.A.8.,11.M.0.A, qualified and oer.ificated; Doctor of Optice,Ophthalmic Optician AEyesi Specialist.229,Lavender Hill,London FOK MORE THAN TWRN VEAES DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE beeounivenally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy for Anemia, Giddiness' Fulneas and Snelling after Steele, Loin of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailment.. Boxes Is. I Id., 21. 4s. 6d. and 11.. (Sample sent free). Only address 30a, PORTOBELLO RD" NOTTING HILL, LONDON.

BAT. Mira oo Sialea booda,aeneo year. old; rod- Nerrbaregh, Oe—srArulitpo.rt." "MR' Lewee ann.' "DORY sod GOVERNESS CAR. also }broom for 1 sale ; 0 reaeobable offer refueed.—Apply, GIRRARD, 13, Waterloo rd., Widnes.

Houses, Land, On Sale, &o. FARM for sale, 18 acre., ouse ; price. Freeh old Mcnooc II Eleigb, Sault _ . VOTICE TO FAKSIEHS.—Otsuer bas for bialra-4 very rueful Shire Cart Mares in foal. agets to 7 years old, height 18 to 17 hands. Thew mare. were pnrchassod for Owners' Business not knowing they were in-foal, now no use to the Owner. They have all been. examined by Veterinary and will warrant them in-foal. All these Mares are sold sound, quiet and good workers in shaft. and chains, and in tbe pink of condition, Prices £lB to £33 —Apply Mr. WittiAMS. 48, Morning. I ton Crescent, oppoeite btornington Crescent. Tube . Station, 2 minute. from Euston Station, 5 minutes from Kings Crone Station, London.

CORSETS. A LDER'S Heavy Joao Conoto, Risi Whaloboo• ; Double Husks ; Direct from Maouroottoor• ; 3e. ct. T cL tp r, d. ?Fart+ ott, tW. AIJnICS Collta bl

QPECIAL MARKET SALE, MONDAY NEXT. 177 The Lots comprise, Walnut Bedroom Suits with bevel mirrors, Satin Wahmt Wardrobe, Osk Bedroom Suite with swing mirrors, a Manufacturers Stock of Cane and Wicker Malloarta all cream colour, Large Walout Overmantel with cupboards, Drawlog-room Suite in saddlebag. and mimeo velvet, Leather Dining- room Suite, Lot Cutlery, Two Sidaboords, Bedstead, Wire and Flock Mattr.evit, Oilcloth, Wringer, Rugs, &a —Anactioooer, FRANK HICKMAN, Lyme nt. se' ,

- I Hotels. Hydros, Boarding Honsen ONOON.—WILD'S First-slam TEMPERANCE 1J HOTELS, 110 to 40, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. Electric Lift. Central for Bo.ho. or Pleasure. Also st 70 and if, EUSTON SQUARE. Clow L, Euston, St. Pancras, aod King's Crow Station.. Home Comforts, Cleanliner, and Quiet.

SOUTHPORT. 111 AYES'S RESTAURANT (XZYT BY OLD WAIIIIINOTON ['BONA.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. CDOIN PARTIRS, PICKICB &C., TNNTIMONIALS mom •LIIOST NYBRT TOWN 111 LANC•SEURN. Telophom 0165. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

Apartmanta. Furnished Bottum, am. B 1 ackpoo I. BLACKPOUL —Mite POor, 40, Adelaide ; mintrol pealtlos ; piano, both; Apartments, public and private. BUMLACEPOOL.—Comforta. le APARTMENTS sear eon and Ceotrol Station ; piano—Mrs. SCRlvair, Priniroca Boum, 56 Balratow it. (from Normantoq___ _ AY LACE POOL.—Well-furnished HOUSE, 2 bedrooms and bath; £.3 per moollt—Adallea. Mist HARRIBOII,I 145, Conliffs rd. BLACKPOOL—Comfortsble APARTMENTS with or without board, 1 ndo. Talbot rd., Station; home comfort' ; phino.—Mrs. J.W.H.tailkon, Prospect House, 5, Orrorge at. BLACEPOOL.—Brachigipooltlon, Promecadvi, facing oes ; full board, ; public room, 2s. 64.; private room cod beds, terms; 11 ot.clms table and cooking.— J moms, 6, Mancbesiter Terrace. BLACKPOOL (North Shors).—Viritom will find .11./ every home comfort; well recommeniled.—Mna HAULTON, 2B, Banks it (1 min. Talbot rd. Station). BIDLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS with or without bard. Chose to son aad Central statism Plano. —Mrs. Wm. RILEY, ()motto House, 70, Horoby wp LACKPOOomfortable APARTMENTS at J.Jr usual term.; 2 mio from sea mod Talbot rd. Statlon.—Mm, Rousnou," Ivy Home," 61, Lord it. BLACKPOOL.--Conifortable APARTMEN rs with or without board ; central to both stations sad all amummeota ; piano—Mr.. B. NORTH, 8, Alfred it. IjLAUlaiVOL.—Lkomiortable APRMIs AINTS with or without board; I min. Talbot rd. station, sea sod •11 aniutlement• ; piano.—Mrs. A. CADMAN, :2, Edward at. BLACKPOOL—PubIis private APARTMENTS with or without hoard, Is. earth person; Talbot rd., Station and ; piaao.—Mra O•RNIR, 6, Lord at, N.. Shore. ▪ LAcKPOOL--Comturiable APA2I24ENTS, ohms msto Central Station. Near rill entertainments piers and sea. Piano.—Mrs. CHAPMAN, 63, Coronation it., Otto of 17, Hall rd.) BLACKPOOL.—C mfortable APARTMENTS; t0rt,,1.1,0' moderate; I ails, from lalbot rd. Station, North Pier and aea.—MLARI D•WsON, Warriagtoa Henn, 15, Lord at, Nortb Shore. .0▪ LACKk'Utfl..—Vanaturiastole APAR itailnib to, weal 1 optiOnal, 3 mists,.. sae and Central Station; la each person, cooking and rat...dance ; bath, piano.— Mrs. JOlltiniON, 111, Central Terrace, Central Ones. BLAChPUOL.—IIad, °outing and atteourinots IL each parson; five minutes from Central Station and NM ptano.—Mis. J. lyntiar, 11 Chorale, rd., off Coronation at. BLACKPOOL.—PubIio sad Private APA irrmEN : 1 booed optional ; good beds sod Brea ; every con- vanienos.—Mrs. E. CH•DHICIL, 29 Lonadole ad., off Lytham rd., near Manobleter Hotel end sea. BLACE POOL.—. Home trom Immo." Bed, cooking , and attendance, in. each person; minute Cestral Station and Son; boarders from 255. meekly; cycle accommodation.— Alrot. LEL 22, Hominy rd. I tip LACK ruuL.—PUblic mad private &VAR I JUR Pod. cooking, Is., each porno.. Board from 255. per mast, Bath, cycle accommodation, I minute Talbot Meta/Joe tad mirth pies.—Mrs. SOO r d et BLACKPOOL—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board ; mi.. to and opposite Talbot rd. Station. Home comforts. Central to •Ii amuse- memo.— slra T. HARKIN°, 6, Cookson it. Southport

Sol7lUPORT.—Saperint Apartmeets, °antral ;so um aspect—Mrs. BeftrOaD, 15, Bath sL SGUTH PO It T. —3 ea t ert4i os , 4 bedrooms, bathroom properly furnished throughout ; low tarsus; immediate possMiln.-40, MaNcIiRSTER RD. SOCTIIPORT.—APARTMENTS with or without board ; close to pier and promenade ; sea view ; bath; piano, ao.-111rs. J. W. MARSDRS, Milton Villas, 34, Bold st. SOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS, with or tritlitut hosed; 2s. pia bed and attendance; board 4s. 6.1., mar station, Lord It.; Mahood pisno.—Mrs. Boys., 44; King st. 4,aoUrtlieo K 1 .—itrAnt AIN.O. r, pOOOO mad priDsto with or without bosrd ; one minute from promenade and amusements ; opposite Cheshire Lines Station ; bath, pieno.—Misa COATES, 12, Lord it.

Miscellaneous. 11101.:RNEMOUTH.—Central, Dear sea; Surrey Apartments or Board-residence, homely and com- fortable.—' THOII24HCRY," St. Paul's Road. COkIFORTABLE HOME for Business Gooch/men. Good cooking. Reasonable terms. No childreo. —Apply 17, Leon ST. Warrington. CIOLWYN BAY.--Colburo's Privet. Hotel, Promen vs./ ad. Electric, light. Sep. tables. Tariff from 61 per day COLWYN BAY (Rhoo).—BELVEDERR BOARIMNG ESTABLISHMENT; close golf, pier and tram.; moderate terms. nEGANWY.—Boarding H 0...; also Private Apart meet.; mod. terms.—TRZJILDAS, 54. Verdre.h. rloue LAS th, Swindon Hoßoe..,central prorneeade. 1 facing e see, highly recommeaded, home com- fort& terms re.sonable on applioation to Miss K. propristrees, late of Warrington. FARMHOUSE APARTMENTS, four miles—fr.:o Wilidermere Lake, lovely scenery, bond residence 22e—Box 72," Examiner' Office, Warriugton. LLANOOLLEN.—Furoished COrtAGE let, April, May and Jon.; farmhouse, near mountsin.—JONlN Bryn, Morfydd. t RANGE-6 EtV-N DS.— Comfortable APART. MESH( ; board if desired; lovely •1•11.1; line , sitostio.—GOLDTHORN, Eden kionat rd. LLANDCDNO.—Criaro Mort Boaanixo Hones, Abbey rd. Lovely situation ; every comfort ; terms from 250. per week. I ONDON vialtor..—Bedroom with Breakfast., from R.A 12s ed weekly, or week ends. Board If dimired.— N It. CINTR AL TUBE, 42 Elgin Crescent, Bayswater. LLANUUDNO.—" Arsini," 110Akil/f NU ktEtif- .l4 DENCE opposite Pier; highly recommended ; excellent cuisine ; separate tables. Special terms for Raster. 11111—TTli IN.—Golf Link&Channing P tarnished Cottage gardeo,coachbouse,suble.—PßNY St VNT DD,ltuthin, North Wale. Su ts ensage.—Apartmen, Board if required, facie( Sea. Pier, close to atation.—On•v, Parade Hone. MO LET furnished country boom., suitable for famili JL etinduer mouths.—Apply Five Wick. Lonysleddale, Kendal. lIIOBQUA Y.—A PA RTIIENTS, with or wltbout A based : close to an, trams lovely sossory.— Mites, 2, Woodland Grove.

EpOILERS 50,..d MACHINERY, good geonsd-hesd. LP JoHN STRINGER AND SON (Dept 41) Blaokhern N-C ONDI' CITING COMPOSITION 111 MANUFACTURERS for the Prevention Radiation of Heat from Steam Boilers, Piping. o Water Circulating Boiler. and Pipes, and all Heet• Surfaces. We quote for Covering las above stitb MagneviaSilieste Cotton,Hair Feltand our Composition Composition. Supplied in Casks Ready for Application EMERY AND EVANS, Catherine sL,Straegentslet Ilseabsstar. PATENTS 4, ST. ANNE SQUARE, MANC;INEtTEN. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. EETABLIERED IN 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. Pair. COLONIAL A FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. P all7l

Shares. tine i- ii."'"i"antoCuesP.-Irgratitorain,llllro.:t=rtdia'rgy la n £5OO Provideet Bond for ale. Ballot motion to bo mold cheap. What offer ?-1)., 125, Cornall rd., Brixton, London. Volt SAI.R.-50.6 per Cant. —PItEFERENCE 12 SHARES. Warrington Palace. and 'Hippodrome, Sound 111Vettri ellt. ITU A luaTox. Barbould it IVarrinlton. . _

Sto oks Susie eases. Eta. ALL PERSONS HAYING BUSINESSES TO SELL Cr. adVi•Od to 00•0131 t Mr. COWDILL, Legh et., Warrington. REOISTEHED LODGING-HOUSE with Groovy and Mixed Business ' • 70 bedn—Proprietor, ED. L.onn, 18, Yorkshire nt., BaCUp. GOOD SHOP, mixed BUSINESS; splendid boom, bath, Re, 'arming £l2.—Addrem Box 2134, " Examiner" 0111., Warrington. 1110 BE SOLD good paying Business in Warrington, 1 in Cooked Mesta and Provisions; on. .how monipts, good living ; rent 0.. per week ; sits. £4o. Apply. T. &J. L NbT•LL 11. Co. Boweey Chambers, Simonton. 11 LAChS All l'H and P.11.112ALH1.0 BUSINEighI, 11 mrsblished NI years, Sr disposal; fully eqelpped plant, electric power, contra sitostion.—Witirraitan Bull Bridge, Accrington. - WHOLESALE Drapery, Bahylinen, Underclothing 11 nsi ry, Outfitting, errs. Beginners 'snorted parcels 20e. to .32. Job lot• traveller. Puttoplea for smirkets ; oatalogue I res.—WILCO, KS, Penny It., Illsokbers.

Agrionljtuv. 100 Sweet Prom, all iltadee, Id., 25 Waved 3d.— ACHURCH, Wintriegbam, Si. N 0.., Honta i Marrowfat Peas for Profit. A.P.O. for la, will moor° wept' quert of Anent Marrowfat Peas grown; ,earrlege free-S. ELLis,2O2, Great Dover at., London, 8, 1110EAB.—Beet estiy sorts, Gredto end Th. Pilot, le. end Is. 3d. per Ont.-0100110R STAIUCZY, Seeds- man, Market Place, Wurfagton. S WEET PEAS.—Collection 12 cholas-named Chan Varietiee, separate, I. epeciaL—F. W. W•LTEas Needeone, 32, Horsemerket et. Warrington. FRY F. W. WALTERS (late Thos. Pieneolnt and Co,), Seedenien, 32, Horeemarket It , Warrington, for Vegetable end Flower Swede ; cstalogues free. /ISERE LOAM, Kettering old fihry, for Carnetiorin, J. 31inne, fcc.; 21e. two ; truck loads delivered Cheshire and S. Lencv.—J. Dos, Park row, Nottingham DENY AID'S EXHIBITION LONG-POD BROAD 1,15 BEANS, la. per qoart.—Otoooo ST 5eed..,.,, Market Place, Barrington.

pROTECT your mood.from birds nod frost, garden sets 3.syds. by 11d., Is. ; any sizes made.— JoNEs, 5, &mocks, Winobolose. WEET PEAS.—Colletelon 12 aaaaa ehoion-oamod, 1:7 waved varieties, socarat• for exhibition, 2. 6d.— . F. W. We ,-roe, esedmoan. 32, Hormosorkot at , Warp ington. SEEDS THAT GROW. VEGETABLE AND FLOWER SEEDS.—GREAT PRIZE COMPETITION. FREE OIFT. Soo Illustrated Cotalogo• post free. JOHN HARDING. F.R.ILE, (lato Lotto & Hording Sooti•t000, 150, WEST' HADDON, RUGBY. 1.009 00() Floret Rablbitios Varieties of Border Carnation. and Picot., for sale by Arthur R. Brown, Ltd., years suuoresivaly the largest primoinners end most successful exhibitors of Caroations in the United Kiagdont ; .ample doz. 5. 6,1., S., Si., 7s. 64.—W1,11A IA- NI:R.:RIF,, King's Norton

KENDAL 6)-, , MILNE c'o- MANCHESTER FURNITURE, DECORATION CARPETS, CURTAIN S. TELEGRAMS MENMIL- TE .E. L, 7

-- - Edit cation. ---_— MIDESWELI. GRAMMAR SCHOOL, neer ▪ Buston.---BOARDERS from !lime. per term.— Headmaster W.O. Bout, M.A., LL.D., D.C.L P.C.B. _ PTIHE PRIORY lIIGII SCIIOOI. FOR GIRL ▪ WARRINGTON.— Kindergarten mid Prepara- tory School for Bey*.—Prlocipil, MISS DEIN°, L.L.A., A.C.P. Steer inelodes MA, and L.R.A.M. _Haltdenn commences Pebruiry 2Rth. WHAT AVE YOU GOING TO DO WITH YOUR BOYS AND GIRLS ? DO you uieh them to take up Commercial Carter ? DO you wish them to enter the Ci•il Service ? DO you studs them to eater one of lire Protesolons 'THEN CAI.L and consult E. SMART A CO., I. Buttermarket•street. Warrington' the oldest end roost micceseful Busineas Training and Civil Sisr•ice College in England. Fee. from £2 2s. per quarter. Ladies and Gentlemoo are given a trot clew Rosiness Education, equipped with biog necemory to seances successful Commercial Carom,; end 111.arsotar1 a good poeitioo when eqicient. Fee. ftom El la per quarter. Tuition Is given in all eubject• trait Wombs of the Clad Service. Profensional Preliminaries, books. Railwaye, etc. Under our methods of tuition, .no Mt certain. Open front 10 to U. roll Any Day, Any Hour. E. SMART & CO, BUTTERMAREET STREET, WARRINGTON

Cycles, Motor Cars, etc. __— ‘IYCILMITS note.—Hole to make Spp for cots la xy me, porous tubes, and solution for patching : P.O. ed. for roolps&—Ergoim.inza Co., 25, Dont°. rd., Leyte's, N E. newd.Hsed Cycles, bargaln• In Boolean s, Siegers..T. Raker, & Son,Cycle Enclosers, Reading. rey'rs Cycles, brat Coventry male, 2 years' planate IJ/ Send for pert ice., DATUM, Market oJ:overbuy, LIUMIER 15-h.p. CAR, 4 cylinder, to seat flea; handsome, cide-entranox body with caps hood sad folding class erre. n complete, Stepney wheel, flee lamps, three hone, eptedumeter, lu csrrier, seer tyre* all round, spare Wm., toter, &c. ; Ito excellent order and condition ; a ber,sin.—J. W. Gains., Stock- port-road, ..ttliton utoter•Li no. _

FURNISH RELaInAdBLY 111 ARTISTICALLI 11. TI II: LOWEST PRIeES in the Kingdom, IH'I 1111 PIONEER BOLD ST. LIVERPOOL. CASH or on EASY PAYMENTS. All purchases over £lO4 carefully packed and de. livered free to any Rail. way Station in Great Britain. Large Illustrated Money Saving Guide Free.

FURNITURE, CARPETS, DECORATIONS. Garnetts WARRINOTON LIVERV3DOL. (122 Bold -.tr0t...) Established Manufacturers when Geo. go the Fourth was King.

RATING'S -POWDER TINS KILLS BEETLES. - • 6°ll- - Qlarkels Blood • ixture . • .I!. &r. IL ,11. • Int mnrl.l.l, wl.r.r• all cll., tr•nt- meuta San ful..d. It 1,11 do the •Ilin for CURES ALL SKIN & BLCOD DISEASES Of K Obondsts and 1t0,99, 9

CB For Cakes, Pastry, Putdings & Pies; ORWICK S BAKING POWDER.

-• • • COMM • RV 1111•001••10R0. • I ....Wk.. • • • 0 .4, • • 0 ••••• • • • • • • • • ••11,0 • • • • • 40 • Olorbridges• Lung Tonic • *'• The matt up ,t.h, date, bed known a •and mustc‘dol Remedy in the Wodd for ,•'7; COUGHSaCOLDS " •!. Int minable to StRAIIRRS. 11,11..1. RS. and all a do, alto sutler kern 1 IMO,. t roa 0a011011:—.1* far ..brlago all tabs • subatitata. ' • This Is tin dm, Via-apt-4 and Rafael bar • W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd• , TN Laboratory. MILL • • • t0,•.1 • 11•41 en e'er.* Na boor - - -

"My Poor Back!" , " Erery Noon, ~. ... - —.-.. ~ Tells a Story." 1"; ' I , , e . i , . , .1i I I • 4. .e. .1 --.- 1 i? • . / ' ? t _ _ , ,N 4 . 1-c-,,.-?-",.--,_,.- ...a.. ''' '4l' -- • '',.. 1 ...,‘ -,'-...:,..5.' . ' 1,, , _, • --,,,. t,i _ . -,tt ..-- ' ' •''S.:: A ;et - er- "'"ay. . . , • ~,,IF-:, 4. b 1 :••// • • \\ ' 1 1 The Happiest Moments of a Woman's Life are made miserable by the Pains of Kidney Disease—Backache, Headache, Dizziness, Rheumatism, and that Heavy, Drowsy Feeling. How CAN a sooner) go about her tedions WARRINGTON WOMAN. deity round cheerfully, team her aching back nod tbtobbing head are giving her no peace from morning to night ? Mm. M. Reny, 2, Oxfordotreet, lAtchford, Little a ceder that she gets up in the morn- War, i ngton, soya ; --. Some years ago I began ing irritable and mienrahle, when :he think, to sutler from kidney complaint, end I hod of the day's back-eching work facing her— dresdful pains in the small of my book. When little wonder Oat the hoon.hold wilrrien end I MOO done I had great difficulty In getting the mine of the children try her eery., end opright again. Often I had to take hold of slowly wear her down until at loot she HAS something to help roe. There were other signs to give up altogether. that my kidneys were not acting properly. Only too often bhe puts down her mysterious eche, and pain. It the enteral lot of her eon, " tieing told of I) ran', till, and the good and so she thinks lae enn never got well—that they had done other., I rit cided to try the very hopolotonen in itself one of thenymptoma medicine. I took four boxes in ell, and lan of kidney complaint, the commonest of all honenly any i hey have done no more good than direr*on amongst women, end yet no often anything eke I have ever used. I have been mistaken for fettledn trouble. very much better I. every any since taking But don't be discourared —for kidney I boon'. Pills. disease Is curable—as Mrs. Keay'. experience (Signed) "Moo. M. Sexy." above—but only under proper kidney tr.ott 'sea. Doan's lischache Kidney Pills give the kidneys and bladder the tome relief as an ordinary I tonn's Ikteltache Kidney Pills ore 2 'lb a box : laxative medicine gives the bowels, and are of 6 boxes 1319; all deolers, or /root Foster- the bigheat value iri dine.. of the kidney., 1,,,,,,..,1„.."n , 8 11-,,,,..h.,,,,, ~,, ~,i_dr,,,.,, bladder and urinary system—. lisble to '''''` ''' ' r ' ''' ' •'' derangement in the female constitution. Tondo... W. sir Be sure you get the same Pills as Mrs Reay had. • - - - • % . V 0 Z 1 kIitA.VI6.AI °XXI A I S igimo 00, imminimmill

Do your Eyes Trouble You? ,• Do things ever seem to grow misty and blotted? This ma warning of Eyestrain and you should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble. BY our scientific tests we could tell if you need Glasses, and in that case supply Shyly which would give the greatest possible henefit. Call to-day. ARCHER SONS Evesiaht Specialists. Z. LO R D STR e lET Beth. Igag. LiveitrooL

PLATELAYER RUN OVER AT HAYDOCK. A sad accident heppened on Saturday at Heydork, by which Henry Gough NIL of Old Rolston, was killed. Gough we, a pletelayer, and about half-past se•ers he ens reps ring the colliery lines neer the Princess Pit, when be wee knocked down and run over by some ll waggons. eve• removed to the Cr:ethics Hoepital, and died at ten o'clock. ALLEGED TERRORISM OF LANCASHIRE MINERS. LIVELY DISCL'SSION IN PARLIAMENT. In the House of Commons on Monday, Viscount %Colorer at one o'clock drew attention tont° following noestinn he bed on the paper To risk the Attorney General whether in is swore that Mr. henry an alficisl of the Lancashire and Chmbire llinert,' Federa- tion, ha, threatrned Richard Geskell, Joseph Imitator, Thomas Watmough and Richard Hart, miners working at the collieriee of Men.. Cross and Tetley. Banifurleng, with the loss of them livli- hood unless they resign their member•hip of their own trade union sod join the Lanceshire end Chenhime Miners Federation and •titter be will instruct the Director of nadirs Prosecution. to take action in the matter." Ile stated t het the question ens not reached, lot he had in the course of Om evening received an answer from the Attorney.Geoeral stating that he wee not aware of the fact, end that he did not propes• to take any notion in the matter. It, protested against this attitude on the pert of the Government, se the matter vas one of life and death to meny thousends of workmen in this country. Air. Twist', action on this comion was one of many on the part of the officials of the Lancaehire and Cheshire :Miner. Federation. lb. circular %hien Mr. Teist rent out stated that it Isms the intention of the Federation that every man And boy working at the collieries should be inside the Federation, were not to In allowed to earn their living unless they resigned their membership end joined the Federation. The Federation was a political body in the house, sad he held Ova the Government ought to 000.0 to the help of those who heal been forced to join this organiestion. AIL K. lberdi• mil the noble lord professed to be alarmed about intimidation practised by tredeuninnists. Ile might consult Mr. F. E. Smith as to the practice that obtained among the legal fraternity in regerd to reentLers who would not join. The object of the noble lord was to get the Government to introduce sectarian I arty politics into 0 e trade union movement, awl to disrupt the trades unions by means of bops amocia- tion• financed by Tory money. Needlers to say, 'he trade unioniets of Lancaehire were going to defend themselves against that action. If th• noble lord wanted inatancee of intimidation, let him look at the Gore of tenants evicted from their holdings for daring to vote Liberal (cries of " Setae.") When the names were wanted in the house Tory memLers were not so very intereeted lathe matter. Lord Winterton naked whether it eves in order to sconce Unionists of hating intimidated persons at election times. An Irish Member 1 Go home to the nursery. (Laughter. The Deputy Speaker t 1 here is matting out of order in wit ta, the bon. member said. Mr. Hardie The noble Lord ie not behaving him- self. • Laught.). Earl Wirde•ton Yon are too cowardly to give the names. (Loud cries of Order "arid" ithdrew The Deputy Speaker I must request the noble lord to withdraw that etetement. (Cheers). Earl Winterton Inn, perfectly willing tooithdraw tho term " cowardly." Mr. K. Hardie t It is only now that I learn whet the ears saion Wee, lind it Was illet es well for the noble lord that I did not been it at first. Mr. F. E. Smith mad a Constittitionel labour Union (loud laughter) bed recently been formed in Len., shire. Its members were all trade unionists. It wes registered, and in every respect it complied with the conditions of emp'oyment insisted on by every other • trade union. But there season° difference—the member" of this trade union were generally in eyropethy with the Unionist party. la the colliery referred to, four members belonging to the Constitutional Trade Union were employed sal anofficiel of tho federation informed the mfinager of the colliery that tiniest, these tam men left the union and joined the federation all the other men employed in the colliery would be called out. The condition of the colliery was mach that a stoppage of work might have been FIIIEOIIO, end with this threat held at their head the colliery proprietoro found them- selves in a difficult position. The result of this ultima- tum s es that three of the men were compelled to loses the colliery, and the fourth man wee forced to is the federation. He asked what would be thought by members opposite if workmen were turned sway from their employment because they were Liberals ? The Attoruey-Generel said that, haying considered this matter, ht wile of "Won that this was not seas, for a criminal prosecotton. On the facts before him it did not mount to a criminal conspiracy, although he agreed with Mr. F. E. Smith that if the facts were aa be had stated them it was a very reprehensible state of thing.. But that did net jintify or entitle bins to ;DV itute Fr. secu is n. MR. J. A. SEDDON AND THE NEWTON Dl VISION. ADOPTION AS LABOUR CANDIDATE. On Setureley evening, an enthusimitic meeting of the workers of the Seaton Di•ision wa• held at the Earle.. town Town Hell, for the purpose of adopting Mr. Seddon as the prospective Labour candidate for the division, and of msking a presentation to him in INSTANT RELIEF, recognition of hie efforts daring the period he repre- sented the divien n in l'arliament. The chair wan RAPID CURE cf net opierl by Mr. Socaliman,the president of the Newton GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by Di. n Labour patty. The Chairmen said thet in order that they might be MADE'S PILLS. prepared for nnything that took piece it ass necessery GOT THE RIGHT TIIING ttat they ehould erlopt a Labour canditlate. Ile did not thick that they could hare te better candidate than Mr. 82, Nalton-roed, Bridgend, Glam. Seddon, as during the time he had hi en in Parliament April 11th, 1910. Deer Sir,—Some years. go I suffered vtry he bed been conspicuous example of what a Labour badly from Rheumatic Gout, sad I then tried member aught to le. (Cheers.) He proposed that Mr, merry n. Lot got no relief. At lint I was led Seddon te dopted as the prospective Labou. candidate to trythigs your Gout mad Rheumatic Pills, which •3011 for the division. Ale T. Walton seconded the propotition, which was pennedhad GOT lIOLD OF THE RIGHT THING, sopported by amend other workers. and I soon got well. Whenever I feel an attack Mr. Keir Ilardie, ALP., having spots' n of Mr. Seddon's I services to the party, the resolution was put and carried coming on Igo to Endo'. and they ward it off with gre t sntbueianu. think it only just to you that I should acknowledge Mr. Seddon, in replr, said he felt in good heart. their merit, and I may say I always recommend • They were Idno own-hst ter,. They bed done more the. and "rtw than place Acts of Parliement on the statute book. THEY HAVE IIEt:N A BLESSING TO OTHERS. They had changed the att tude of the old political YOO .07 ahako soy ass you like of Ilia I partiee, and many of the th rigs that wore erami•lered testimonial. Utopian ten years •go had entered into the currency of I remsin, dear sir, yours faithfully. • modern politics. The Late rir party supported the Veto FIiEDK. HIGGINS. , Bill because it would secure to the democracy within EADE'S GOUT PILLS • the life of rns Parliament those measure, ehicb bad t been submitted to the tribunal's( the public conticience. Ann !Perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all • lAben thee got the bill oaths 'ltalia(' book they would injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold, everywhere in bottles Is. lid. and 2s. thl. or I have the House of Lord+ relegated to Me proper petition —• glorious Medame 'lntend's—where the men who popt free for stamp. art.O.hy the propriethr, I loved to seer millinery could sport themselves, but GEORGE BADE, 231, Goswell road, London. I toyer agein would thee be able to retard the prevent. me, 2L DES GOUT, az Ft of the workers aloes the path of justice and fairplay.

- - OHN \\TALKER & CO. LTD. PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, EXAMINER OFF! CE., BEWSEY. STREET.

(1

Shoes of Distinction for Ladies of Taste. A graceful carriage is the moot important feature in the appearance of a Lady. The faultless figure and most perfect attire are made or marred by proper Footwear. The" Benefit "Brand Shoes add Dignity and Grace to the Wearer. Public Belida Boot Compaq, Limited. WARRINGTON • 116 & 118, Bridge Strut r k). RUNCORN : 4E, Church Strut. EARLESTOWN : The Metropole. Bridge Strut •rid Market Strut WIDNES : 47, Victoria Road, 45, Widen Sinileit Cross.

GENTS' SUITINGS and LADIES' COSTUME CLOTHS AT WHOLESALE PRICES. All the Latest Nov«ltim from 0/6 to 9 p, Write for Soften). to HANSON Is CO. (Dept. ST), Westgate. 11111)111.111511:1LD.

FREE GIFT of Smart Fancy Walaieffit our MO/. sun. Wael-ead Nyn, Parket Fit and Dwain. 11Mena dead post card for patterns aad ned.measaremeat forma to PALMER CLOTHING 27/25, KING WILLIAM 57.. LONDON, E.G.

DYSPEPTIC PEOPLE are often unaware that msything serious Is the matter with them. They are prone le Imagine that their ailments will " go.. they cue.'' pass aw.sv ol thenstelv•v. Quits possibly there is tit 11,1 merely • touch ol indigestion, Ilv•rishneve, or some •Imilar trouble, easily cured by the right means In the Initial stage, but which. it neglected, may result In more grove conditions. 1h• earlier sty mpten.• point to a disordered ttttt ot the stomach and liver. Theo lath, time Cu reallm that the functions ot those important organs can be QUICKLY RESTORED II recourse he had to the beet of all family medlcbsee—Beechane• Pllle. These pill, do whet I. clsimed or them ; they ',Olean. quickly. lly. and effectively, the stomach, liver, kidnm s. and bowels. and slim ttttt them Into healthy action. They dispel beadsch•, banish depression, end raise the tone of the whole ey•tem. Dlimetion Is established, health renewed, and cheerio's., inducml BY TAKING BEEcHAmSs PILLS. Sold everywhere in boxes. Price 1,11(56 pills) & 2'9116

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EA DE'S PILLS. FELT NOTHING SINCE !! 9, Miller Road, Collier's Wood, Merton. Sepet. 11th, 1949. Dear Sir—l thank you foe the vet amount of good I base bed elms I first bad your excellent flout .d Rheumatic Pills. 1 went to two hoadital• end they told me to boron,, foot taken oft; that it wan. disrased bone. But I was recommended your pills, no got a bottle, and the first two I took, although I had gout very badly, enabled me to sleep well, the first time for seven yawns That was thirteen month. •so and 1 HAVE PELT NOTHING SINCE. Before that time I was continually et home wi; It itend it is nothing but your lemons remedy. Being only • working-man they have been • good friend to me. Again in thanking )on, 7 remein, your own advertheweet, P. HA YTER. EADE'S GOUT PILLS •re perfectly eafe in their action, eliminate all injuriou• matter, enders highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is. led. and 2s. Id. or soot post fr. for Ham. or P.O. by the Proprietor, GEORGE EADE,2ll2,oossell road, London. FIEUMATIC PILLS

Furnishing - Problem- -Solved.— HOW can I increase the pur- chasing power of every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture ? The solution of that problem will be found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic, sturdily-built furniture, our , perfect manufacturing and se ling organisation enables us to quote prices . that are much below those charged ' elsewhere for the same articles. N,, matter whether you iimimmer Furnish for Cash ] 00r.7 Convenient: Pagment Sgstem your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth noting. w..,,..2?. in tha g discount for Cask Payments can be arranged to suit Customer, convenience. No objectionable agreements to sign. Enemy Article manufactured under oer own direct control and supervision. We pay canine to all parts. Go.eda delivered in Private Vans. Every Furnishing Recmisi t e supplied. Good Value and mi Piled Customers account f, the phenomenal g. ow t b amp business. Guarantee. eeZttl:":‘„?.iet'rt'r: article that doet rs.,: give absolute satisfaction. PM' Write or Gall for Catalogue. MN IGLOBE Furnishing Co. - PEMBROKE I' PLACE. Lverpool
