===== 0002601_19110121_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

, • , . .. '.r \ .• ~ % .i,,,,, . . -.. „ - , , . .... aI ..e , ......., :• A 4.. ... . - '., , ' 11 ~ ~...:. , 4. 4.. . ~..... ar ... , , ...... . 0.. „..„......:„.......,;.... , ir ~ ir ', • - , • . . . , • . t • • . - 1 : - . ....imps • . I 1191 d . ~ ' , 1 . . . e . .-. J. IPA • ,:. '4, ' • ' 'r\s'•?'''''' 1 • ... , • _, ,

===== 0002601_19110121_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PEDLARS ACRE.

Lamlteth is now agitated by the compulsory acquirement, by the London County Connell, of part of the land known as Pedlar's Acre. According to tradition, a certain pedlar, having prospered in his trade, left an acre of ground to the parish, the rents to be devoted to the relief of the poor, on condition that a permanent memorial was maintained In the shape of a stained glass window in Lanketh Church. The land has now become of considerable value, and to-day the amount To be paid by the Council, for the portion required for the County Hlll, is £83,342, whether this huge amount is payable to the local authority or to the Church is likely to come before the Court to decide. Our picture shows the stained glass window in the Church.

CHIEF BUTLER OF THE MIDDLE TEMPLE, Mr. H. W. Dixling, who has been presented by the Benchers with a cheque and rosebowl on the completion of fifty years stroke. One of his duties is to robe the Reacher', and he himself wears a black gown at dinner. When King Edward sraa made a Bencher in 1861 Mr. Darling had the privitels of robing him.

Faeces of Eight" and her coins found on the "Florenc a," the Spanish galleon of the Armada which was sank in Tobermory Bay off the Wcst Coast of Scotland more than 300 years ago.

'*4llllll z„. • • VP'l; Irotas" # 4, T. d .4% >

• . , ' I - • , . . ' , . . , . 11/4 A., • • ''- s'St .*#•: - 1 •

TOBERMORY TREASURE IN LONDON.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHAPTERS / )-,••.,-wvA,v-^"..,....4. A CHAPTER ON PARISH REGISTERS.

With some Warrington Extracts.

It is to Thomas Cromwell Vicar-General of Henry VIII. that we owe the establish- ment of Parish Registers. A state of society in which such important events as marriages births and deaths went entirely unrecorded flavours of the impossible in these prim days, and the earnest protests of the clergy against the irritating innovation of being forced to keep a parish book make curious reading. Cromwell's residence in the Low Countries had probably made him familiar with the system of registration used abroad, particu- larly in Spain, and in his first year of office he formed the plan by which at little or no cost a record could be secured of practically every birth, marriage and death. But three years passed before prejudice and opposition was overcome,and it was not until September 1538 that the law to the clergy went forth. " That yon and every parse., vicare. or curate shall for every church teem one boke or registere wherein ye shall write the day and pre of every sv. ddyng christenyng and buryeng made within yor parish. . . And shall there inuert, every persona name that shell be so weddid christened or buried. And for the sauff keeping° of the MUM bolos the pariahs shalbe bowie to provide of iliesee comen charges one sure coder with twos lockes and keys, wherein the saide boke shalbe laide upp. Whiche holm ye shell every Sonthy take birdie and in the presence of the said wardens or one of them write and recorde in the Fame all the weddingee ehristenynges and _buryengee made one hole wake before.

The ord„er Is in the name of Thomas, Lord Cromwell and is made "for the advancement of the trewe honor of Almighty God "and the" encrease of vertu." It concludes with the order that for every time the incumbents shall fail to bring out the book on a Sunday a fine of 4s. and 4d. pence shall be inflicted to be "emploied on the reparation of the same churche."

There was no stipulation as to the materials of which the books should be composed, and in most cases paper would be used, but in 1597 the matter of registration was taken up by the Convocation of Canter- bury, and it was ordered that in future registers should be of parchment, and for the careful preservation of the records already made that a true copy also written on parchment should be prepared. Few parishes can boast registers which date from the times of Thomas Cromwell,but splendid parchment copies are comparatively common and generally perfectly legible. Such are those of Frodsham, Winwick, Grappen- hall, and the Parish Church of Warrington. The average page of the average register is monotonous enough, unless the reader be on a successful pedigree hunt. Only here and there are the pages enlivened by a quaint commen t,and one covers dreary tracts of manuscript with little to arrest or amuse. Sometimes the vicar or clerk, out of a sense of what is due to the great ones of the earth, has written the entries which refer to them in showy letters and a bold hand, but -usually the entries have little variety. This uniformity impressed the rhyming vicar of a Shropshire village a long time ago and he wrote on his register

No flal.tery.here, where to and die

Of rich and poor is all the history. Yet to pick out the unusual entries is a fruitful hobby and the antiquarian whose leisure allowed the search could compile one of the most readable of volumes. Even the sections which record the bi rials

—surely the most unpromising places for humour—have lively passages, as that which records

Joseph Tysehurst, a boy who on Whit Sunday morning fell from climbing a magpie nest and was smothered in a pond of mud his heels sticking upright And how neat the entry Christian Meek tiuly deserving of that name. Of course the clergy were not prohibited from making comments in their registers and sometimes—doubtless out of a strict sense of justice—they wrote pungent comments. Here is one :

Edith Freeman, who from an obstinate-temper, kept to her bed 41 rearm. Buried aged 71. A temper that could hold out for 44 years was of unimpeachable quality, and the vicar was right in supposing that posterity would want to know of it. ANCIENT OCCUPATIONS. We do not know of any such gems in the registers of Warrington. indeed they are not common anywhere, but social side-lights abound, and, though slight, are worthy of attention.

How interesting to read under date February 11, 1614, of the burial of Richard Houldcroft, arrow maker. We learn that at Flodden Field a century before the bowmen of Lancashire had done great things, but who could have guessed that the trade of arrow-making lingered in Warrington until the seventeenth century had dawned. Later we have in 1639 &vied James Miller, bookbinder, April 8, 1615. Christened Maria, daughter to Robert Massey, tobacco and pipe maker. February I,l6l7,buried Robert Booth,atationer. A little later the description " postmaster of Warrington" is applied to William Booth. It was the Long Parliament of 1643 which established the post office by legislation and this mention of the name of one who so early filled the position is decidedly interest- , ing:.

We have also. 1669. Buried Richard bfidglay, the hemp dresser. 1677 June. Buried JohnAtherton, the silk weaver. 1677 September. Buried Esther, daughter of Thomas Mather, the tobacco man.

The first mention of pin-making occurs in December 1677 under which date we read; Buried. Peter Goulden, the pinmsker. The industry had come to Warrington about the year 1640 having sprung from the city of Gloucester and carried social reformation through the land. To this let the dogerel verse of the period bear witness ; The ladies, Heaven bless them all As ~ure as I've a nose on In former times had nought at, all But skewers to hut their clothes on No damsel that WaS worth a pin, Whatever it might cost her, Till gentle Jemmy Filaby came And found out pine at Glo'ster. The year 1716 shows another quaint title. Buried Jacco a black-a-moor.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTIAN NAMES.

.... Of Christian names the registers offer ample choice but the subject is too big to enter upon here. Of Puritan nomenclature we seem to have one example in Marfellowe Bullinge which we may assume to have been the Christian name Marvellous. The Puritans ran riot in the matter of scriptural names. Even "Praise God" Barebones falls far behind many names which can be read in parish records,aa for example,"Through Much Tribulation We Enter the Kingdom of Heaven," Crabbe, or "Walk in The Truth," Ryliffe. And such names as "The Lord is

near," "From above," "Joy again,' " Blessing," were common.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CIVIL WAR.

Cival strife sent many strong men to pre:. mature graves in the seventeenth century and a long list could be compiled from the Parish Register of those whose bodies lie around the church. In 1643 a long string of names each described as a " souldiers "appears. These are typical entries : April oth, 1613. Thomas &belt a souldier to Captain Ashton, buried. April 13th, 1613. John Wattson, a moldier to Captain Barron, buried. 1611. William Lee souldier to Major Carring- ton buried. January, 1614. l'eeter Hudson 2, Scot, a Souldier, buried.

Such entries run on until 1659 in which year we have the record of the burial of one of the last to fall in the Civil War. August 22nd, 1659. Hu. jet Mr. Thome, Leigh of Bruen. Like a stricken deer he escaped fr‘An the field at Winningtou only to reach kin bozo to

(To be continued)

===== 0002601_19110121_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
~,,.,.-,,,,,_•,,,,,..... CHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB En ...e.-••,-.,,,,,,,—,N,-\_^..,,,-\,,,N,-N,:,3

SOME STORIES OF ISAAC WATTS. I think every boy and girl knows the name of Isaac Watts. And though there may be a few who do not know his name. I am sure that we all know some of his poetry. It was Isaac Watts who wrote How dotb the little busy bee Improve each shilling hour, ard

Let dogs deliabt to bark and Lite. Children owe him thanks and gratitude because he was the first to encourage young people to sing by writing special hymns for them. Perhaps he was thoughtful for boys and girls because he himself was so little appreciated when he was a boy. . .

It is about this that I want to tell you one or two little stories. Isaac Watts was fond of poetry and could make rhymes about anything. But his father did not like this habit and was determined that his boy should not become a poet. After speaking severely to him without result he decided to thrash him. Isaac was talking in rhymes and his father reached down a whip and gave him a lash. _

Immediately the boy cried out father do some pity take Another rhyme never make. •

This provoking the father still more, he applied the lash with more severity, and young Watts again cried out: o my father, do spare my back from pain, And I shall never makes rhyme again.

The father, thoroughly discouraged in his vain attempt to beat the poetry out of the boy, sent hirp away to school with a special request that the principal flog the boy if he caught him making rhymes. The first morning at the chapel exercise the boy Watts, looking up at tho ceiling during prayers, saw a rat coming down the bell rope. He laughed so loudly that the teacher, stopping in his prayer, demanded why he laughed. The boy, trembling, answered: Well teacher ne there were no aire.

The rat came down the rope to say his prayers. The teacher discovered the genius of the boy and encouraged his rhyme-making. We all know the result. Isaac Watts lived to be a great Christian poet and some of his hymns are likely to be sung as long as the English language endures. It was he who I wrote

0 God oor help in ages past,

Our hope for years to come. and also one of our greatcst hymns on the death of Jesus : When I survey the wondrous Cross On which the Prince of Glory died.

How thankful we have reason to be that Watts became a poet!

THIS WEEK'S STORY. KNEW WHAT SHE WANTED.

A teacher asked her class to draw a picture of that which they wished to be when they grew up. The young pupils went diligently to work with paper and pencil, some drawing pictures of soldiers, police- men, fine ladies, etc. They all worked hard except one little girl, who sit quietly holding her yelped in hand, The teacher, observing her, asked : _

, 'iv—Cat..;;;;;;;t: to be whln you grow up, :lens ? "

, . " Yes, I know," replied the little girl, " but I don't know how to draw it. I want to be married."

TRE LAUGHING BROOK

" Why do you laugh, little' brook, lithe brok, And why so dimpled and gay? What did you hear an you came through the wood. And what did You see on the way?" Such fun as I'se had! I Raw in the wood The violets ope4lng their eyes, The little forms straightening out their cods, And Jack iu the pulpit rise. "The sunbeams; in passing, threw me • kiss, The bieeses whbs,ceiri me; And the tiny pebb bled me no I couldn't help laugh , you see." -4.

A WHOLE FArtiliY CURED. Zam-Buk Successful for Cc: la, Ulcers, Severe Wounds and Chaps lands _ • - wonderful

"Simple gratitude for the oar family have had from Zan. a duty to tell others about this Mr. R. L. Zeller, Chelsea Coti Middlesex, to • London reporter. lam a machine hanci," the Enfield Ride Factory. Alma on the top of a high ladder, machinery, my foot clipped, ant down the rungs. The abraeior deep running ulcers that CAD& terrible suffering. Doctors' loth medicines did me no good. For to the Tottenham Hospital, but also failed.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

By Philip Snowden. M.P.

LABOUR IN THE COMING SESSION. We are now within a fortnight of the meeting of Parliament, and the peculiar circumstances in which the Labour party finds itself will require the exercise of all the wisdom of which the members of the party are possessed. When the Labour party came out of the General Election of 1906 increased in number eight-fold over their strength in the former Parliament, great things were expected from them, and there are few unprejudiced persons who will not now admit that in that Parliament these raw Parliamentarians acquitted themselves in a way which did credit to themselves and their party and the working classes they directly represented. But the position of the Labour party in that Parliament was not one of diffizulty due to the evenly balanced

state of other Political parties. The Liberals had a majority so large that they were able to outvote any combination against them. The Labour party had no need to consider their action in relation to the overthrow of the Government and the plunging of the country into another General Election. A CHANGED SITUATION.

But now the situation is changed. With the Liberal and Tory parties equal in numbers, a party which has forty-two votes to use is a party of very considerable influ- ence. Occasions may arise when these votes cast against the Government might over- throw it, and cause another appeal to the country. The Labour Party has therefore a position of great responsibility in the new Parliament; for if by its votes it were to turn out the Government and caus, another General Election it would bring consequences upon its head, either for good or bad, which would have the most serious effect upon its future. Quite naturally, and very properly, the question of what should be the policy of the Parliamentary Labour Party is exciting much interest in the Labour movement, and also in other parties which may find them- selves affected by it.

The question is to come up for disettssion at the Conference of the Labour Party in a fortnight, and while no doubt many opinions will be expressed and much advice given, it is doubtful if the discussion can do much to assist the Parliamentary party in its future action. There has been a discussion going on in the official organ of the Independent Labour Party for some time back on this question, but very little enlightenment has come from it. There is a section which is dissatisfied with the past policy of the Labour Party, and who are demanding that the party shall vote on each question which comes before Parliament "on the merits of the question." We have not been told by what test the merits of a question are to be decided, and it is very likely if the party were to adopt such a policy as that, and were to try to carry it out to the best of its ability, that these same critics would turn their weapons on the party again because they differed as to what constituted the merits of a question. TWO POSSIBLE POLICIES.

There are two courses open to the Labour Party,either of which can be logically and consistently followed, and both of which are consistent with a policy of independence. The party can vote on all occasions regard- less of consequences. It could move an amendment to the King's speech next month in favour of a new heaven and a new earth, and if it cnuld get the Unionists to support this motion in the hope of turning out the Government (which is hardly probable) another GenerallElection would immediately follow. I would not give much for the chances of re-election of any Labour member who thus brought about another election on an impractical issue with the help of the votes of another party who cared rothing for the motion hut simply supported it to gain a possible party•advantage. But take a more moderate instance of the way in which the Labour Party might vote on the merits 'of a question regardless of consequences. The Veto Bill will be coming on for discus-

sion. The measure is anything but an idealistic proposal from the point of view of the Labour Party. The party is pledged to the abolition of the House ot Lorollk. If it votes on the merits of a question, apart from the consideration of the limits and restraints which commonsense and practicability impose on all politicians, the Labour party will vote against the Veto Bill and propose an amendment for the abolition of the House of Lords. But the Labour party will do no such thing. They will vote for the Veto Bill, because they are not in a position to enforce their own desires and must take the best thing they are ablo to get with the help of others who are more moderate than themselves.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMMONSENSE POLICY

Bak, , splendiri• balk ttages, Enfield'

tinned Mr. Zellt at 13 yoara ago, leaning ovrr id I nemped on. Ina developed ink lacl me In•ny Yr ions, ointment,. many months I tha treatment

" Four years ago I started to one Zarn-Buk, whir proved quite different from mere ointments. Zar Bak drew out the corruption, and then dried ti ulcers up. The balm soothed and cooled the sore the swelling and inflammation went down. ant' Auk left my leg healthy enough to bear ittrilt my fist without hurting. " Violet, our youngest child, after 15 week hospital with scarlet fever, came home with. outbreak of eczema behind her earn. Regular one Zam-Bok cleared the disease away, and left Viol with a beautiful new skin. " Gracie, our ten-year-old daughter, was brough home from the echo 'I play-ground with a 'dearth gash on her leg three inches long and down to bone. Zam-link soon soothed and healed the wound perfectly. The same child, running on t in her bare feet, caught a nail and tore the fled, under the big toe, leaving the wound an half long, that bled furiously again. quickly stopped the bleeding and heal beautifully. " My wife had very badly chapped put an end to that trouble, and oc, cold and raw weather, keeps her wok My boy Robert was a el chilblains until Zam-Buk made hi and healthy as possible. "In maay other ways Zons-du in our home, not we would a.' wi bout a supply.'

If the Labour Party were to follow the policy of supporting no proposal unless it were ideally perfect, they would soon find that no section of the electorate of this • use for their services. The that policy is to use the rotes the Labour Party o gain the largest amount of icticable legislation. There • the Labour Party being in e next few years. We shall kral or a Tory Government o come. The commonsensi ,bour Party in such circum- ) me at least to be to use its rotes in such a way as to

country had any alternative to t influence and v

nossesses so as ta pra "aepect of hin the a Lit

arties concede as Much as

tre were a prospect of the us more than we are likely Liberals I would use my ce to turn out the present help to put the Tories into ong as the alternative to the int is not a Labour Govern-

nment which wants to ta:

pie, to relieve the rich

e poor, to retain the power Jation in the hands of the

>e what Labour iu going to ing a Liberal Government

lve.rnment.

ih the section of the Labour

ntry who want the Parlia

Party to always vote on the lestion, would, if adopted mptible impotence in a week ty, to give another instance . . . .

of Lords decision in tip ling with this session. I3u

otie-g on the merits

regard to other questions the votes of the Labour

as' t against the Governmen

nent to the King's speech, Government were defeated there re end to the hope of getting that red Bill. So that we see the if a question comprise much more intrinsic merits of each separate In the merits of each question are

what

positi,

the merits of the hundreds of dthor questions and so long as the Labour is in a minority it will perforce have to consider whether it can afford, for the sake of expressing its opinion on some impractical demand, to risk losing the chance of gettil.g some incomplete but useful reform.

THE MISFORTUNE OF MINORITY. That such a policy is a disagreeable and irksome one at times must be admitted. But minorities must suffer; and the Labour Party is no exception to that universal rule. But the policy which seems the only possible one for the Labour Party at the moment does not involve either a sacrifice of principle or of independence; if it involved voting for something which was wrong and which violated the principles for which the party . _

stands, the Labour Party would he justified .g according to their (onvictions, Jvcr the consequences might be, and the (untry would respect them for their action. Zhe policy of the Irish Party furnishes a parallel of the policy which the Labour Party in the circumstances:of the new Parliament seems likely to have to adopt. The Irish party in return for expected favours have lupported the Liberals at the polls and will 'port the Government in Parliament. But dy ever suggests that the Irish party its independence by supporting 3. The support is the outcome of ending between two independent ties. Each finds it to be to its make such a bargain. But perfectly free at any time to arrangement and to revert to a of opposition or hostility. SUITING LABOUR'S INTERESTS.

the Liberals.

an und political par ad vantasn,

ho arraih

...... The Labour Party never has given, or ever will give, to the Liberal Party any sup- port in order to help Liberalism. If the Labour Party helps the Liberals it is because that is the way to help Labour. The Labour Party would help the Unionists if such help would serve Labour interests. This quea- ..

tion of policy is really A question of how host best the Labour l'arty can use its present limited power and influence to secure some part of the reforms it has come into politics to push forward. For the time being there is a far better chance of getting reforms from the Liberals than from the other possible quarter. Therefore, if we want reform we shall use the best available means. If we don't want measures, but prefer 'to preach abstract theories, then some other policy should be adopted. But that would lead to political sterility. Nobody knows how soon the political tide may turn. The Irish have used both Liberals and Tories in turn. The 'Labour Party is prepared to do the same; and as soon as using the Tories offers the prospect of a better return in social legisla- tion the Labour Party will doubtless make use of that means.

cze flit rh a 0, 7 Am. the m sores; the 'd 7'*°'' the , •«,g(rith of y .ks in Pee 'bad gain 9Of for al Ant The `c Part r ght Ain 4, tOt be Dr It ep to .leehp In an in kin. of 11 ithc led Id ' mr a i '

===== 0002601_19110121_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR ADVISORY BOARD.

Local Appointments. eimyr 11, Joo,l ,I,our Advisory

hf-I I t;nTblirseay

'lle I'd lot. leg are the tames REPRESENTING It

the menillers: 'RESENTING

ENIPLOY EI. WU ILK PEOPLE lystel Itat.sey Bevis. Mrs. A. Billings.

John F. James Sexton, 5f It. A. l'o,dain. Thumm I )ilchfield F. It. Dixon-Nuttall. 3alll.Pfl Bridge, J. 1.,

U, J. linil'ay. . William Egan. ... John A. M. Gardner. Joaepit Edginton. Richard Methuen Weaves, John FraMIS. D.L. John Daley. T. F. Harrieon. Edward Hughes. George F. Higgins. Thomas Jeffers, J.l' Holman Kingdon, M.A. George Nelson. J. P. Laird. R. T. loner. Oswald Lotthouse. George Parkin. Henry Nelson. George F. Robson. Charles Ratcliffe. F. Smith, Charles A. Still. Jneeph Summergill . ... . . . .

It will believe that the woripeoplo have sixteen repreimniatives to the employers' fifteen, which would seem to suggest that the chairman of the Advisory Board will be a workman. The first business of the new body will he to drawl op roles id procedure, die- CUM a memorandum oil he Labour Exchanges of the diatriet, and supgist improvements in their manage- ment, the place and time of future meetings, and

'rho minds, of exchanges with which the Advisory Beard ccitt have to deal is nine, viz. :--Liverpool Birkenhead, Ihotle, Chester, Si. Helens, AVallasey, "arrcccglunitiel Widnes. The representatives from 'arrington are Mcccix Oswald Loftin-aloe and Holman Kingdon M.A., 'handier oliConiniervio, and Mr. J. Haley (Trades arid I, 'mined

===== 0002601_19110121_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
RHEUMATISM on all Sides

A Wet Winter's Ravages.

The Cure Found in the New, Good Blood supplied by Dr. Williams Pink Pills.

Thd henvy 1,111.1; and floods through Britain this winter are resivmsible for the present serious increase of Rheumatism, iu addition to Influenza and Chills. Couiplaints about disabled !MILK and pain-racked hacks and loins are heard in every district, and every terson so affected or liable t" Rheumatic attacks will di well to act pr.snolly on the advice of Mr William Matthews, of 14, Marlborough Place, Banbury, who ri-e.,ntly : I sin constantly oat in all sorts of weather, and Rheutnatism attacked we. The first ugkt nie in my logs Later, sharp ny legs up to my sra,s,and my joints I consulted a doctor, but in spite of ism grew worm,. My feet not walk properly • my igen contracted, and I

Jf pain rot from

lyegao

kwickle

A krotted, my

Add not —grasp aDyt

MIL WILLIAM MATTMEWS (from photo).

illißlltle that I

ly. mlept a wink at

It my fingers. I

m.rdarling from one Mat I should never

>aper propped up latimm which bar! So I aent witla the Pilla the 3.1 y. appetite

rmal nhape“: and mt good rest at

l'ink sod

.„.. Disorders. atm. adie' Ailments. Of dealers or direct from Dr, Williams' Medicine Co-, 46, llolltorn Viaduct. London, 'vet hoe 214. 'Jd. one box or 13s. Jd. bar Pi. Von must have Dr. Williams Fink Pills.

tel " 1 oiseasee

, Red Blood to mos' l'ink Pub

that. they create new also e11F,4 Lumbago.

4, Weak Back

g ^CA', / ;of • -• I 4'l .44t o'7\ trra:H- s"." 71 •

===== 0002601_19110121_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
been cared uy

In time 1 be from pain purify the

===== 0002601_19110121_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR SERIAL STORNLi

THE MYSTERY OF BOOM BULLOCK,

TOM GALLON (Author of " Tatterley,," " Meg the Lady,"

CHAPTZR X.

TIM BURIAL OF ROOKR BULLOCK,

All things had ended, in a sense, for Mark Connaway ; he determined that he would struggle no more. A few minutes, at best, were left to him in the company of Madeline —precious minutes wherein lie could look on her face for the laid time, and hear her voice ; after that he had but to look for. ward to his inevitable punishment. With the closing and the locking of the door Madeline had flung herself down in a chair by the great desk, and thrown her arms across it, and was mobbing convulsively and hopelessly. The sight of that was un- nerving at the boot ; Mark went hurriedly to her, and, kneeling beside her, raised her head, and let it rest upon his shoulder. " There's nothing to cry about," he said gently—" it is but one of the accidents ot this strange life we live. I was to leave you in any case ; I'm only leaving you in an- other fashion." 'But you're innocent !" she exclaimed.

"If I am, then perhaps sonio good l'rovi- deuo will prove me innocent." he answered IS cheerfully as he could. "If I are you weep. I shall only break down, and I want all my strength and all my courage. There —.lir time Is up; some one is coming in.': . .

She pulled herself together at once, in order to meet whoever came with a proper defiance ; but that defiance dropped from her, and gave place to amazement, as she saw that it was Susan Roach who wax com- ing stealthily in. Susan Roach, with thpt inevitable apron held to her face, and with fearful glances over shoulder. •

" Whia's the matter ?"' .asl7d Madeline quickly. Susan could scarcely speak for sheer ter- ror at the possible consequences of what she Was doing. She came into the room slowly, and closed the door, and spoke in a whisper. " There's a chance for you both—if you'll take it—to get away," she panted. " God knows why I should take no much trouble about either of you ; perhaps I remember a time when I was young myself, before he crushed the heart out of me. There's no time to be lost ; you can get out of the place—the pair of you—and ,get away:' " How will bind help us asked Mark. "I am penniless and helpless where can I take a young girl at this hour of the night ?" ' What does it matter where you take her ?" exclaimed the woman with sudden fury. "What place can be worse than this —what life can be worse than the life she leads here. Take her away !"

"What have you done to your hand P" asked the girl suddenly. "Nothing.' replied the woman, putting both bands suddenly behind her. "Only a little fun on the part of Jobe: I'm used to it. No—•' she added suddenly—" it wasn't fun; it was torture—torture on your account. Hell do it again—and yet again —until one of these days he'll go too far, and I shall be past all torturing. Why do you' stand like that. when I've risked what I have for your KANO"

"Mark:' exclaimed the girl, turning quickly•to him, and laying her Ilan& on his breast—" she's right. Any life will be bet- ter than this—any chance of escape for you will be better than remaining here. Let 0a go out into tho world together—you and I; there mat be a place for us somewhere. What ix there wrong in it ; you can take care of me. '

He felt again, as he had felt before, what a child she was : but this was no time for rrgument. The love of her and the love Of life fought strongly side by aide : he might yet escape, and might by a miracle, in some fashion yet to be explained, keep her with him. Ho turned to her, and nodded quick-

" Yen—we'll go," he ardd. "Get your hat and coat quickly ; we'll start at once." They went together out of the room, and Susan locked the door again, so that it might happen that their flight wan not for a time discovered. When presently they Mood outside the house in the dark street, they looked back for a moment, to see the woman standing, a forlorn enough fiure, at the door, looking after them. Madeline voiced her learn of what might happen to Susan _Roach.

"I don't half like leaving her," she said. Of all the people in that house, she's the one who has been good to me—the only "I'm afraid we can do nothing," said Mark, drawing her on away from the him.. "The man Roach won't dare to .go too far,. and after all I doubt if any persuasion of ours would make her leave him. Come, my dear—whichever way we may be going, the first thing to be done, after we have put some distance between Weathergate and our- selves, is to find shelter for the night. It's a strange fate that has put you into my honda; much as I love you I wish things could have fallen out differently."

They lutd -;;;;; to the 'limits of the town of Weathergate, when Madeline Mid- deoly stopped, and clasped her bandit, and crted out delightedly. " Mark—l had for. gotten !".she exclaimed.

"Forgotten what E" he asked, staring at her in surprise. "That new guardian of mine—Richard Bullock—told me that I was to send to him, or go to him, if in any trouble to 'The Fish- erman's Arms' in Nlirathergate. We passed the place not five minutes ago; if we go bark we shall have shelter for the night_ and we shall be with a friend."

' A lucky thought—for you, at least, my dear girl," he said. " Let us go back by all meana.-

They retraced their steps, and Mark Con- naway, throwing caution to the wind, left the girl outside in the etreet while he went into the little old-fashioned inn, and en- quir•d for Mr. Richard Bullock; for that single-hearted gentleman had not troubled in that quiet place to disguise his identity in any way. The landlady looked at him curiously, and shook her head. " Mr. Bullock's gone, sir, she annwered. "I believe he's gone to Lou-

To London !" Pf .hned Mark in di,nlay. " Is back there any possibility of his coming ?"

he woman shook her head. " Couldn't say in the least, sir," she replied. "All I know an that if any letters or messages came for him they were to he sent on to his club in London, addressed to 'lt. Bullock.' I could tell you the name of the club if you'd wait a minute, sir."_

The woman went into the tiny bar, and looked among some odd papers in a drawer; presently she came back, and smilingly an- nounced the name.

" It's the l'antheon Club, sir," she said. " Any letter or messages would find him there."

----- Melt thanked her, and with a sinking heart went out again to find Madeline. lie told her the result of his errand, and was glad to &dice that his disappointment did not seem to affect her. All that mattered to her then was that she WOO with her lover, and that they were facing the world to- gether, hand in hand, like children. In that apirit, on her part at least, they went for- ward into the darkness, leaving Weather- gate behind them. Meanwhile Susan Roach, left behind in that gloomy old house, knew that she must face her husband presently, and that her treachery to him moat be diecovered. For a

and so, being— pniled out, present!, stretched upon the stone flagg, ooxinr

where it ta'y.

either side f it, regarding it. - "I'm afraid we -haven't done

my ft ieud,

, phining the dead man, and 'Makin at it. "A body is n mighty i thing in .sus.b. a ea.4e aa This. The

we An do,

And the two men sta,

ho achlocl, looking

row, "is to get hold of our yo abcve Hairs, and get hold alo, of then we must tell our story, a

him with thin "—ho pointed tr —" and wring a confetodon from pat a bold front on it, it won't

;••0 they came out of the eel that awslul .thing laying thero

hem. with the ;fate; rrwirii;:g7a;

foot.or two away from it. Lim:

fully locked -th. C.. door, .and-"pTlo.tl upstairs. And there, strangely e. row was seized with a sudden fa'

leaned for a m'on;ni: or two

w!I, dcthly white.

want —ao—mething to ir getter," aaid Roach, in a e,

voice. "Come in here; I've got that will 'revive you." They went into a room on thc floor, and there Mr. Roach prislue4 tie and some glasses, and poured out emus quantity for each of them, no 4-tiding himself; in truth he felt, even his grim callousness, that he needed thing just then. In the very act of d 1 ing, lie turned to Lazarus 'lles, who

gulping down the spirit at a great rat, aaid—

" You migkt go upstairs, Ilea, and that all in right there. Or stay, ' he ad betting down his glass quickly, and mo to tho door—" I'll go myself. It's ratio pretty bit of business to have left those together— for the last time," he said, I ins' round at Jarrow—" when we're anal

the stable," he said •tul dig up the 'ely to search th, he added to Neal

So it Cappened that the three of them 'at out of the hone, and took their way the stable, Lazarus lies carrying a lan- The night was pitch dark, and there t a sound to be heard anywhere, rave ant harking of a dog. Coming to the Roach pushed open the door, and then, swinging, the lantern above -doted to some old and rusty gar-

a corner. aoft here," te said. holdg ihero he stood in one of tho "Dig here—and dig

ed himaelf with sitting Lmoking a villainously other men worked at ml Jarrow laboured Lazarus Iles stopped ease too aching back, ;he trench they were In Mr. Roach got up ;I:locked the ask) from 1 that they had dour

Mr. iOnten wa.s Us Use to, alWay, When they got back to the house he dexterously contrived with the rope he had put about the body a sling by which it might be ear- ried—winding it round the legs and round tho shouldero. Leaving the burden to the other men, he went before with the lantern; and when they reached the stable once more took up his place on the overturned bucket, and smoked placidly while the others set , about their work.

It was while they wero piling the earth on that unhallowed grave that Mr. Roach suddenly paused, with his cigar half way to kin lips, with a raised hand that stopped I It, other men at what they wero doing. N.•a Jarrow, kneeling beside the grave, stared .0 him open-mout hod Lammas Iles, whose nerves were shattered, began to whisper in a stupid, frightened way. .. „

" Someone moving in the grounds," said the old moo in a whisper. "Someone coming this way." • . .

Then 'it woo that two things happened at once. A shadow filled the doorway of the stable—dimly illumined by the light of the lantern on the ground 'beside that newly- filled grave: and at the name moment Neal Jarrow, facing that shadow, cried out, and sprang across the grave; struck at the shadow; and screaming, stumbled out at

the door, and went'. ra7iTig—a—crons the grounds. Jobe: Roach, for hio part, had got to his feet, and lifting the lantern, hell it to the face of the man standing in the door- way: saw it as the face of that other man in the grave nt hi. feet. " Who ars you he Ktrunmered.

"My un—m- isaid the man quietly.

(To be Continued.)

th ,e 1 pc nd rs. ... . the oor jaw of t ,ly An , I II I t .11 II Ol• ut be. e best place is a.. erl and I will fv, ono ere; 11,1 one's ever likely 11 lace. You can stay here," arrow. enelaimed Jarrow, w. oath. "I'll come with you; if there work to he done for God's sake let me or this e will turn my brain." So of a wer to e, is te It E.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
long time she Hat on the lowest step of the stairs, holding her apron to her eyes, and wondering what new torture he would in- vent for her, or what would happen to her; as a matter of fact she did not greatly care what befell her. Life had been a dreary waste for many veers, with the drab mono- tony of it relieved only by some act of bru- tality on the part of Jolson; there was nw thing much else that he could do. Yet per- haps the night of the lovers that night—or their en,y confidence in a world concerning which ono of them at least knew nothing— and elf the certainty that that world would be good to them, merely became they were lovers . • all .this may have awakened in her come feeling long dormant--some hope to snatch a moment of brightness for herself. Scarcely knowing shot she did she crept up to her room, and out on an old-fashioned, out-of-date bonnet and a shawl, and came downstairt again; hesitated a moment longer„ and then, hearing nothing, turned the key, in the lock of the room wherein her husband worke,l, and went in. There was a new defiance in her attitude—a new strange lope in her heart. She w.ilked across to the wife at the fur- ther end of the room, alter lighting the candle which r.lood on the desk, and, listen- leg cautiously, opened the heavy door, and bsAced inside. Pulling out an iron drawer that jangled horribly in the silence el the place she found a cash boo; opening this, saw within a little he...p of sovereigns and a few bank notes. With a chuckle of delight, as of some child in to inehief, ilie took these out, and transferred them rapidly to the pocket of her dress closed the cash box and the drawer again, and shut the safe. " A little payment, Joliet, for all the yenro I have toiled and slat,' for you,- she ,aid. After all, it's only a spoiling of the Egypt iii us, She got down into the hall again, in time to hear the mighty clang of the door down below leading to the cellars; she knew that Roach and his companions were returning. There was no going bark now, with that money upon her; Hight wax the only thing. She opened the hall door, as she had done on one memorable occasion a day or two before . . . . .

—looked blielt- for the Imst--lini;-:;n-d slamming it upon herself, darted out into the Area, and went off in the wake of the lover,

Quite unconscious of that desertion, Roach was toiling up the stain, followed by ion. arm. Iles and Jarrow. But a word or two Li necensary concerning all that had happened in the interval, in that strange place be- neath tho level of the streets of Weather- gate. At first, when Neal Jarrow leant over the square hole in the pavement of the cellar, and looked down into the face of the man he had killed, and whose body he had thrown out from the old mill hut a few hours before, there was a dreadful thought in his mind that this must be but some strange dream—some horrible nightmare, from which mercifully enough he should presently awake, fie started back from the sight, and crouched there upon the floor, covering his face with his hands, and mur- muring the name of the dead man. " Bullock—Roger Bullock !" ho mut. tend brokenly.

—Jalc;...l4;;f: gate 4 at him in astonish- ment, not unmixedlwith awe. "You don't mean to say," he exclaimed, waving a hand towards the water below—" yon don't mean to say that that in the man Bullock ?" " es," exclaimed the other, starting to biA feet, and standing there rigid, with the look of one doomed and lost. "That', the man ; I can't get rid of it. Do what I will, I know that to the end of my life his face will be before me—he will stare at me, hor- rible like that, with his dead ey.. For the love of God, drop the stone and hide him !" " That would be a mighty sensible thing to do," said Mr. Roach. " Don't you see what has happened ? The river into which you dropped him hen Roared him round here into this smaller stream, by the moot marvellous chaniv—,and here we have him at our door, as it were. It's % miracle !"

" Won't he Boat away—nut nomewhere else beyond the town ?" whispered Iles. " You naid that wou,ld happe!3.". . . . .

"To be found looking a he looks now," sneered Roach. " Theta another sensible suggestion. I tell you there's a Providence in this," went on the old man, speaking eagerly. "This fellow you want to lay by the heels--this Mark Connaway—is here safe, in this very house, and there's his work!" he exclaimed, pointing dramatically to that square hole in the floor. "You were afraid, Mr. Jarrow, that by some unfortun- ate chance nunpicion might point to yo" over this matter; now you are in a positiol to confront the murderer with the man he has killed, and to get a confexsion from him, if you like—and before witnesses. lie went back to the mill'and threw the body 'into the river; he now finds it awfully in 'this place, confronting him. The thing is simple !" " I hadn't thought of that," said Jarrow, looking from one to the other, and smiling feebly. "What are you going to do ?" " have that out to begin with," said the aid mail, stooping over the hole. "Lend me a hand, one of you, I can't do thil alene, and our friend here is heavy." "Not MO !" exclaimed Lazarus Iles, draw- ing back hurriedly. "This is nothing to do with me.'

" I think you'll amist me, Mr. Jarrow," said the old man with a grin. "Don't keep me waiting," he added savagely, It was not an easy or a pleasant tank to get that gruesome thing, dripping with water, out through the hole, and on to the stone floor of the cellar. Jarrow kept his face averted, and only pulled as he was dir- . eel ed. when at last he got n grip of the clothing Mr. Roach was more callous, and set about the businem in a ((((( re easy man- ner. Presently Lazarus Iles, who was look. lag, on, fascinated and with a dropping ;- saw the body of Roger Bullock rise dead and dripping:. Pa if from some gi

RlTallgellleptil to truilg 'nit a aMI iet him comfortably out of the way—iun't ?"

lie went out of the room, and they braid him mounting the Klein. l'resently they heard a door slam, and (den Mr. Roam, came tumbling down the stairs at it great rate, and literally fell into the room, and gasped out one word, and one word only— Gone !"

lie fell 'into a chair, and after a moment's pause broke into such a stream of horrible blasphemies that even the listeneni were ap- palled. For Roach had goosed who it WaY who had set the prisoners free, and it war well perhaps for Susan Roach that she had fled from the house. 'the man's rage, instead of presently wearing itself out, seemed only to oluicken; he got to his feet, and shook his fists in the air, and screamed out oaths and curses and threats against his wife. " I know she's done it; I know she's let them out, and :ient them away. She's chest- ed me—and alma cheated you," he shouted, nodding towards Samar, "She shall pay for it LShe shall pay for it

When presently he was quieter they got from him what had really happened ; Jar- row began to underhta nil that once more Mark had slipped through MI: lingers. "'the door was linked on the outside, and I opened it quietly, and h.oked in, the rmnil was empty, ' said Jab. Roach. 'The girl's gone—and son the man. Before we do any- thing else, ' he said, with a deadly calm upon him soddenly—" I'm going to find that wife of mine."

Lazarua Iles, with a strange bravery, put hinrelf in the old man'n way as the latter wan moving towards the doer. " Wait a mo- ment, Roach," he said hoarsely—' calm your,lf !" Roach sprang at him, and I:avogely thrust him aside, and rushed out of the room. They heard him screaming the woman's name up rind down the stairs; they heard him open- ing doom, and banging them again; then a silence. Alter a moment, he came racing down the stairA, and into the room, shriek. hug with a ,new. grievance.

7. She's robbed 'me !" he shouted, almost livid with rage. "Shea taken what she could lay her hands on—my money—my money !--and she's bolted. I'll have her back, if I have to search England for her I"' He raged up and duxn tile room for a little time longer; he was only brought to a stop at last by a remark from Lazarus Iles. "If young tonnawav has gone—how data our friend here stand iii regard to the bmly if Roger Bullock ?" he asked, looking at Neal Jarrow.

" What do you mean ?" stammered Jar- row in reply. "By George !—he's right !" exclaimed Roach, glad to have someone on whom he could turn. "Your Krapegost's gone, Mr. Jarrow—and the dead mans here. You're in a trap, sirs!" "Trap be hanged !" exclaimed Jarrow, looking from one to the other. " What iv it to do with me. I am not concerned."

" But I am, said Roach, with a sudden, understanding of the true meaning of position. "It doesn't ,iatter a bit to me which man of yips swings; I've got to look after myself and my own character. This thing is in my place—dragged out of the waiter here, and lying below us while we talk. What's to become of it ? Am I 11 call in the police myself, and, remembering a certain confession made to me in this house —am 1 to declare what I know ?" " You wouldn't do that ?" exclaimed the other quickly. "No one would believe you, of course—but in any race you wouldn't do that. This fellow l'onnaway can be found— brought to justice.' " Justice is proverbially slow," said Roach. "We must think of something bet- ter than that ; this is a matter that will not wait. Our quiet friend below there must ho disposed of in some way or other." You talk mighty easily of disposing of him," said Jarrow nervously. "It's a more difficult matter than you think."

" Why should it be• 'dmin.indod Roach. "After all I'm as much concerned in this as you are, and I'm willing to help you. Who saw you throw that body out of the window at tho old mill

" No one," replied the other quickly. " Who saw it float down the river until, Lv the strangest chance, it turned into that other stream that finds its way under this house ?" went on the old man, in growing excitement. "Who knows that it is under this house at the present moment—save us three—who arc all to be trusted," he went on, looking quickly at Lazarus Iles. " Oh, certainly—all to be trusted," said Iles quickly. " The master ii right," he add- ed. " This thing must be got rid of and done with."

'And the man who killed him gets dear away," said Jarrow savagely. " Steadily, my friend—steadily !" said Roach, with a warning finger upraised. " You mustn't play any game of bluff with me; you know what I know—and I know, what I know. Face the matter sensibly; see your chance in this, and be grateful that anyone as willing to help you." "I will not face that thing again—not for anyone," said Jarrow firmly. " Now, what a pity that is !" said Mr. Roach, spreading out his hands, and raising his eyebrows. ' The thing could be no com- fortably arranged, but yon will push your head into danger. Shall I send Iles round to the station, and tell the police they're badly wanted here

" No—no—anything but that," said the other. " 11l do what you wiA."

" Not what I wish: my den: tried—only what is expedient," said Roach. " The dinners are all in our favour. That precious wife of mine is gone; the young people are gone; wit keep no servant. The It empty, save for ourselves; the grou ids are empty, and are not overlooked. Ir up courage—or if you haven't coura , put some into you." Be pointed to the ' ttle as he spoke. It was half an hour later wife the three men came out from the room, went in a slow and hesitating proves down to those cellars from which th had no recent- ly emerged. Mr. Roac .petted the heavy dor, and pu,hed it b ;tie shaded the candle with his hand to save it from the draught ; they all nod huddled together, hearing the roari g of the water below. When at licA the Weut into the place, kay- o! n, Mr. Beach proved to be the three, in that, with a , seemed to belong to the .led no more about that dead loor than if it had been a bale had brought a rope with him, a scientific way, he hitched oody of Roger Bullock, twisting e arms in is long imose, Without that which they dragged behind hren men dew it out of the eel' coed and locked the door; when hesitating iu the darkness of the hearing only the drip, drip of a e room near at hand. Mr. Roach perspiration from his forehead, ' before them the plan of cam•

===== 0002601_19110121_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
PARRS BANK LIMITED.

Directors' Report.

The stood g 1 meeting of the sherebolden of Pans' Hank, Ltd., ,*ill be held at the Cannon. street hotel, London, E.C., on 'thunder, the 26th, into., at 1 p.m., for the purpose of declaring a dividend to It potable on Februnry 3rd, electing directors and amblers, and conducting the ordinary business of the company. le their report the directors state The Directors, ist flibmiLting to the Shareholders the Balance Sheet of the Bank nt 31st Uremia/sr, 1910, certified by the Auditors, have to report that the position nod prospects of tho businem continue to be in every way satisfactory. Incleding £1:94,302 H. 31, hreught forward at 3lst December, 1909, the net balance of profits for the year after writing dove investments to below mat ket 'O., providing (oral! bad end doubtful debts and rebating the current bills at 5 per cent la Oct of this an Interim Dividend at the rate of 111 per cent. per Idiom for the belf.9ear ended 30th June, 1910, free of income tax, was pald on 3rd Augest

£115,531 18 6 , From :hie semi the Directors recommend The payment of ha if- mundend at the rate of 19 per cont. per !mom, 'myeloid+, flee of income tax, on 3rd February ... £209,151 2 2 A Itontie of I pee rent payable free of income unt on 9rd Febreary ... 92,017 16 0

1:ho !mister to Bank Promises Account . 30,00 0 0

The t ranger to ()Misers - Pension and Provadent Food 2.1,000 o

7-. L 288,7,01 18

Leaving Balance to be carried to next

£139,030 0 G

i Branches of the Bank Imeo been opened at I, Cantion• ntreet, London 8.C.; Wembley, Middlemen ,• ltur3, Lencashire • sod Stockton Reath, Cheshire. A Sub- branch hen been opened nt New Seeley, Derbyshire. , The Directore record with deep regret the recent death of their esteemed collengne, Mr. Thomas Henry , Dixon, who hod been n member of the Board mince 1079. The Directors who retire at this time by rotntion are —The lion Arthur Stanley, M.P., Mr. Alfred Hewlett. Mr. Robert R. Dickinson, Mr. Cecil F. Parr, , the Right Hon. Lord Farquhsr, sail Mr. A.. 1. tremor, ill of onl ere oligihle Turin election.

, The auditors, Mears. Turquand, Yr Imp and Co., London, Meant, Strad, Taylor and Stead, Liverpool, ad Warn. l'rice, Waterhouse ad Co., baclon, retire, and after themselves for re-election. CECIL P. PARR, chairman. Res bolo, w.lnne. London, E.C. lull January, lull.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

Confidential Reports on Teachers' Work.

The Cheahire County E location Committee met on ! Mooday at Crewe. Iteeently the committee asked the Ueard of Edocation to define the "educati.al greends" on which sanction might be withheld fr.w the appointment of a teacher by the managers of a non- provided school. A loiter war read stating that the Board were not prepared to attempt a general interpretation of the words, aa it was obvious that every cane moat to considered on its tuerits. The Chairmen (Dr. W. Hodgson) raid It was a moat unsatisfactory letter from every point of view. (Hoer, hear.) Mr. J. M. Telex, t.C, drew attention to a corn- muulcstion to school manager. inviting them to vend to the Committee confldential reports on the work of teacher. appointed since the lest mention of salaries, their regularity, punctuality and &lemma. Professor Gunner said the Committee bad in mind the question of the revision of salaries, and they desired to be informed whether the toachers were satisfactory. Mr. Yates said there war no aitthority for them to minim a confidential report, and an a school manager he felt diaposerl to put the eircidar into the ilre. Mr. J. Ilincheliff (teachers' representative) said Ilia wee a very important matter, and teachera foamed it might lead to mischief and' back-stairs " work.

The Chairman tooted I rom the regulations of the Authority, which atated that the right WWI reserved in no, special case to sitspend the annual WICF.IBO. of sales, of teachers if their work or comfort was not returned as setiafactory, and in determining this the Authority had to take into account reporta received as to the work of the teacher., their punctuality, regularity, and elnence. On Profeseor Donner's motion the matter was referred to the Elementary Schools Committee to report upon, end it WS. agreeo that in the meantime the MOM. to the questions should be suspended. A THIRD MEDICAL INSPEtTOIL

A letter was read from the Boned of Education com- plaining that the Authority bad taken no crepe to increme the etaff of medical inepectore,the ineuffluiency of which had been alrendy commented upon in n previone letter. The Board mid the Authority had pieced timmrelme in direct conflict with requirements, and, on for on appcared, there ass no definite prospect that this highly unentiefamory state of things, which bed already existed for more than two yearn, would he brought to an end by the Authority. Profensor °mom mid the Committee recommended the appoiutment of an additional mediml officer lit salary of £350 a year end travelling expenses, the appointment to be open to women ma well on men. 'The Chef omen mid that the Committee bail decided to nub,, this rmommenclation in the intermix of the children and in the interentd of the ratereyem ale, It woo letter to make thie provision of • third mediml inspector than to risk the loan of • portion of the tfovernment grout. The recornmendatien wan adopted.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
ROUGH, SCALY SKIN FOR YEARS.

Vor six or stwun yt at s I hal a very rough and at times scaly akin but not very painful until the autumn of 11008 when it became very red and after washing it was very sere and no pinata! I dreaded to touch it. To go out of damn was awful. I asked my doctor about it and be told Me I wan run down and that it would soon be all right again. nut instead of getting better it azt,t wome until I gave the l'uticura floap, Cutieura Ointment and Cuticula Pills a trial. Then I soon saw an improvement, and bafore I had timed the Mll,Ollll net of the Cutteura Remedies it had completely disappeared. and my skin is now smooth and healthy. It was ray face and tuck and arms that were mmt affected. I maw add that I have 1110 d

l-t-iticiira Ointment, for any bruise or scratch on my !children, always with good reaulta." ISigned) Fannie English, Flardingon, bout. Somerset, England, Dec. 7, 19'19.

OPERATION ON Mit. LINDON RILEY. Mach ayaspathy has lwen evoked In St- Helen, and neighbourhood by the intelligence that Mr. 11. Lindon Riley, 1.1. 8., of Eccleaton Park, the welbkoown Liverpool Barrister, has during the went-end undergone an operation. It appears that in consequence of a mall tumour forming behind one of bin eyes, it wan found necesenry to have an operation, and the only way that the tumour could be reached was by the sncritice of the eye, which itself was perfoctl, Iwnlthy. 'I he operation de reported as having been perfectly satisfactory.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Diseased Kidneys Poison the Blood

When the kidneys are ill they POISON the blood instead of purifying it, just as a poisoned filter poisons the water that passes through it.

Every Pit 111) ells a Story

For the blood in continually ntreantiog through the filtering Inbes of the kidneys, on be relieved of its fluid waste and uric acid poison. But when the kidneys are weak or discnned, they begin In lose their power cf extracting the poinons from the blood.

Then you begin to feel unnaturally drowsy and heavy —the limbs get stiff and shaky —your back aches, your head aches—the water is wrong— there is sediment or gravel— you may have dropsical swell- ings about the eyes or at the ankles.

R I N 4 il'l'C _ . Day I, day— hour by bonr-- the kidney,. EXPERIENCE prow twe.aker and weaker, until the whole syntrtn Itreornee eaturated with kidney poiaome, In n r'''"..."i'"ti"" rry"''..l f"'. Mr. M. A. and at fast ttraania or Ihe fatal Bright', diwase Iltrad.haw. 39, Wanh.latio, Lat.-Ilford, Warrinuttm. eta in. /all. Wild : .. I{4..re I iseed your pills I N.lfferad in, ranch trim, kidney I noilblo, which naa br!..ight oon by "Moon.. I bad backache drewl. . . .

The only way to stop this fatal poisoning of the blood is nppetito ;my nietio nt night sr'. broken, and I ems r..n.tantly tired. I nufTered with rlietanatiain t 3 get your kidneys well, in my tirnia. end palpitation of the heart ;my Doan's Backache Kidney Pills ".:',L..170,!.'"11"' ""I ""`" """"ffi""'"d" are solely for the kidneys and Alter taking a few dotes of Men'. pills I felt realer and as I contininel with them I Mamma bladder. They clear the 1 "en :Win' I eon hithly recommend I)o.o.rXilxs.et,it ;iin.fleyreArs. nr.f,rliz„, kidney complaint. whole system of kidney poison. and keep the kidneys and bladder active. felt .07tbi.6 of the kidnn trooliin tin,r li naod I iiien'n pill@ ; I ern guile i tired—all the pain in toy hark gone, the kidney iecretinna perfectly natural, end no swelling left Molt. I lied a In gasea or relention and dropsy. they pro- very tnil tints befi.rn i tri...l the pills h.., I ant mete a fees How of urine, draining out the ideneol in soy they elandittel y moreii.nto. The wailer that collects in the cayitica and murex port tog in my It toot, ottott to h..."• on.) I tinniness and bloating. They discharge the ."1::",,747,',1,T,";',,i.i"..".',. 11",......,:",:ecn0"m"nd:::bid"..'t,'Dh",:.1,i: Madder irritants which keep tip urinary system Pills to nanny. in a constant elate of diacionfort. Pend your . „ , . .._ • "' n """'• " w'x'rs lee VIM ;of all dealer% or nt ighlxiur's expelienco in the next cilium, post fr., ilitect from Fortcr.Melleliaa Ca , 8 Wats Stoat, li.ofordtitrel, Lowtori,W.

% 1 M 4T •,t, ,'") f • ....1.34,'\ I' 'irt:-.• , ..., ~ ,:, • •sl.: 3. -... , 4: -',.-' ‘• * ' - 7 .-",, • ficilme. I T--- A NVARr -- "ON

===== 0002601_19110121_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
or Be sure you get the same Pills as Mrs Bradshaw had.

t.. OAS-kelt XXIS ~ ~,...---..... v.,- , .......-0.

WLMEN'S CHAT.

The Bible Terrentenary.—The present year, although destined to be bietorio on account of the Coronation, is not very rich in notable enniyeritaries, but ihe tercentenary of the publimition In 1611,0 f the euthorised version of the bible, in an important event, and will be celebrated throoghout the Englinh-speaking world. The celebrations will begin in Cenada next motrb, end sill take place in thin country nt the bitter end of March. It is propoked to incite Sunday, 26th March, "Thnokagiving Day," on chub occasion the clergy of the Church of England, end miniatern of every denom- ination in England, Scotland, I rehind, and Wide% will be invited to hold a thankngiving net vice of a national end religioun chnracter. In London, the Archbishop of Canterbury will preach at Sr. hien Cathedral, and the Sunday celebrstions are to be succeeded on the following ednenday, by n great masa meeting nt the Royal Albert 11%11. Similar meetingn for the name day will be organined in the leading provincial centres throughout he country. The Bridal. Nlitseuin will Mao holds speciel exhibition, arranged from the ewslth of necient biblical material in its posseenion,, rind will Mime catillogoe giving the history of the BIMc. The exhibit. sill include manitscripts from the Hebrew and (heck originals, down to the time of the first example of a portion of the bible, printed in Britain, this being Tynda les New Teatiment produced in 1526. All.liritish Shopping Weeks.—The movement for all.Britinli shopping weeks is extending. The idea was Itch 'darted by the Union Jack Industrie, League, which was founded afro years ago, with the object of encouraging the sale and consumption of British, in preference to foreign-made goods. The object in new has nothing ho ilo with politic. or Tariff Reform, but is deeisned simply to encourage the mlddle-olmses to patronise the handiwork of their own country. That much can be done in thin direction was proved during the nll-11ritinh khopping week et. Ealing lest alalllMP, which nal in every way %groat nucconn. Olin in shortly to he followed by an all-ltritinh shopping week in London, which the leading shopkeepers of the West End have ngreed to hold for the six days, from March 27th to April let. It Is not proposed to boycott foreign geode, but, for window dressing, sll.llrltlnk good. only will be tined, an'd only these will fill the placeaof honour. Our Queen offer. a+. excelleet example of •11-11ritith deeming, and if the million. of women who do not grace Suds ceremonies were to exercitte the name dis- crimination in their nbopping excursion', without any divrlvantage to therniudveit, there is no thnt it would hare n very beneficial effect upon Britieh indos- tries. There in consequently great scope in this move- ment for ell-British shopping week., which, it is lobvioeu, would be easier to arrange in the smaller provincial towns than in a hose cosmopolitan city like London. . . .

Family Amenitiec—Seeaking generally. being either a father or • mother HI • matt*, of choice, but, if family circumstances no decide it, you cannot help being made an uncle nr aunt against your will. A young lady, writing to one of the Society papers, pro- tects against hoeing the title of "auntie" thrust upon her, and whet impossibly miniman that it ought to be optional for her hi decide whether or not anyone should have Om right to epeak of her. There are • great many people who there her objection, hut it is ho fe•re,l they have no remedy. It in something like birthday anniversaries, which are bound to come to the living, howethr unwelcome thily may be after • certain ego is ',nosed. It in true the titles of uncle and aunt are a little out of piece when the generations othrlop, hut in those cum, they are generally dropped, and in these drys when age is ever striving to get on level terms with youth, there are families in which paternal relationships •re dropped, and the father and toother are k [wen to the children by their pet C n hri•tia name% ench as the might he. Jack ' or "Annie."

SO Flower;:-:-The net; chip Sit.:;•%—flowers are being largely employed for the trimming of children's hate, and headgeer for the echool girl. they are especially suitable for this purpose, standing hard wear, and such is the demand for then. artinci•l flowers, and straw mumementerie, that the making of them has introduced a new industry among the ootusgern in the villas.% of the plaiting districts in South Iledfortlehire. The reproductions of natural dowers by thin new prooesa of manipulating chip •traw, are very successful, and the colouring is no perfect that they readily lend themselves to varied forms of millinery adornment. Difficult Sinsplicity.—Years ago, perheps oodsmight ✓ay, not livery many yes. ago, our dm..., and rowdier were loaded with trimming., but popukr taste hen beet improved, cud to-ley our hub ions are simpler and consequently far more beautiful. Cut and ntyle are appreciated by the woman who works, on much as by her wealthier stater, and in looking roand, during a tour of inmpection it. shopland it is astonishing to bed such cheep and really well-made garments. Tbe beat- nesn girl or the woman with a small allowance, would be wire to purchase these, rather than waste stuff end labour on amateur attempts at copying indiff reotly, nod seemingly simple yet really &Moult design, the succor. of which depend', entirely on tire out and tinn. To the rininiliat.cl the long atra.ght liner may appear to present no difficulty, hot every nerve bra received expert attention, every line in carefully thought out, and even more carefully cut by a dexterous! and practised head, end here, naturally,the amateor lament- ably fails ; yet those characteristics of the present fashions, are (OtlfOlitil to SOCCCIOI.

Tailored Suits.—A new feature of ineny of the tailored suite Is the floating pone!, an it is rISIIPti, which le net particularly elegant, or pleasing in effect. It comanoose at tin waistbaad, sad inteada to tba beat of

On skirt. There is 111110 the envelope yawl, • hich hie a rival in the spade. 'the Jett., In sometimes a pert of the dress, sometimeo it fells loosely. A diamond- ishaped pave! In often formed at braid, end placed on either aide of the skirt, and (life Idea le, as • ale, carried ant, or repeated on the coat. The braid is quite Ant and about half.. inch in width. It In arrenged in etreight lines, and these certainly give height to the wearer, lingoes, elaborately braided, •re peen on some coma—indeed braid takee a very prominent filet. in the tailored snits of the coming @firing. How airing. It seems to us, that our tailor-wedge were unknown fifty I years ago. Yet such is the feet. An Old-World Wrep.—Among revivals may be mentioned the crossover, rnade of pith, and lined with ninon of a contrasting shade, the ahole neing edged I with tiny ruches of ribbons. The skirt of the dress accompanying the crossover, hermdeivois with itoind le often trimmed with these old-world ruches. The charity cape in smother small wrap—of which by the way, there items no end. This 11.120 should match the dress, extend no farther than the elhows,and fasten in front with a mousier ribbon bow, or cuoicie I,f ribbon. A chum Silk—A nee silk hoe been discovered in Assam, it comity,' that et:vomits in caterpillars the Connors of which furnish a etrong •nri very Ono thread, stieceloiiile of being woven, and resembling the thread of the ei lk • worm. The moth end .ilk are quit./ different from the hombyx or silkworm variety—An •ppreciable advantage. Alreerly an important station has been toitah imbed, and fabrics have been woven as floe and bersiaitul in appearance, so !hoe, of the beet silk, yet the cost of production le considerably lest. MAME.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

Lstchfool sustained their mond defeat of th season at Altroneh•tn, losing to 140, Margaret'. by I-I The play in the nrat half of the nfotrh was noon and the acoring consisted of • floe goal toy tlin tit. Margaret's inside fight, followed a few minutes lifter by in roptalizer by Travis. The honie onto played a strong game in tbe second half and gained tile from a penalty bully which oat nefirded for it slight knock-on by the goal-keeper who ear troy Lard pressed. It sae distinctly oufortimate for Latchford to hare to lose • goal under such circurnaterwee. 'I his gore St. Martatel.'ll every confidence and tloey ...Mainly played op very well, scoring two bound gunk [crone time. The •isitors gave a tame dieplay all round in the mound half, the bard state of the ground apparently not suLtinkt hem,

The Second Eleven encountered Widnes let at Latch- ford and put op a most creditable perform...a IN making a draw of Within. have a very clever Int team this season and as they bed an open ,it. as well as Latchford 2nd they kindly CMOS Over to maks ape flaturc The hommtern were soon lending by a goal from Pesrson'a thick and thee kept the lead until a few niinatm off time, when the Widnes forward. rushed the ball Into the net from a scrimmage in Um goal mouth. Widnes put in sortie clever work during tbe game, hut the defence against them wm erred to all demand.. IEII in .0.1 made I thrilling muse, and Eccles at fullback and Pickles sad Isherwood at half-back worked hard.

hems thi. afterooon is :—A Hill, goal ; P AlJanson, T [Naos, hack. ; Tole. JII Wilkinson, A Knight., halves K Dsle, It Parker, 1./Travis, H iloott,H Hanks, forwards. Holly-off

The Second Pleven T. wailwy “ A " at Wallasey :—W kccles, W II Pickles, It Parkinson, foll-bsclo ; W.l liossi,V Ishersmod, KWalsh, halves llPletcher, J. Pearson, A Starkey. W iiMinards,l Banks, for- wards. Train from Central Station I• 50 p.m.

1 DANS,. VIRUS ~..,,t • Samos nut I:M=101ft ,RATS & MICE 1

S..le T.... a• I T.... • • g P.••• rron fr.... DANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., Box r ary4 al al,

===== 0002601_19110121_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19110121_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
E-3!!!RICT NEWS.

CuMeth

ISDEVENDENT yICTHOIint CIL\ 1,1- —A service of song entitled" Joe and toe Sluice " was given in this place on Sunday last by the married people of the choir and congregation. Owing to the fact that several of the choristers had sung in the choir over forty yr Ira ago, a considerable interest was taken in the event, the ',lilt being a good audience at each pet Uormance. The solo puts were ably 3 ung by Mrs. Barton,Nlre.Broadbent,Mr.J.R.Fletcher,and M r.J.Siitton and duets were very smartly rendered by Mr. Hunt and Mr. W. 3. Bate, Mrs. J. Sutton and Mrs. W. J. Bate The choir sang with much expression throughout, and very eiliciinit renderings were given to all the choral numbers, especially at the evening performance. Mr. Weleby was the reader in the atterution, and Mr. W. liroadhurst in the evening. The collections, which were in aid of the Ladies' Sewing Fund, amounted to £5 Is. 7d.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Risley.

INDEPENDENT METHODIST Cot ccii, FEARND EA D.— The prize dintribution took plane no Ssturday night last in connection with the Sunday school. The meet- ing took the form or a social evening. Miss .1. Smith occupied the chair and in the course of her remarks she alluded to the great good done by our Sunday schools. She had been a scholar and teacher and remembered her first recitation, which she recited for the benefit of her audience. the Secretary (Mr. A. Worrell) then gave his report and spoke of the good attendsnce at the school. There were about Mt scholars and 20 of them Lad gained first prizes, three had obtained mooed prizes, four were entitled to third prizes, which spoke well for their diligence considering the distance some of them hnl to walk. A varied programme was then gone through. Recitations were given by Master H. Harrison, Miss A. Houghton, Mrs. lligbann, Miss U. Hughes, Miss F. Stringer, Master F.. Fllghism, and songs by Milts E. Monks. The audience then adjourned to the doss rooms and partook of en excellent supper which end been pro- vided by the young people in connection with the church. After supper, Mrs. William Hughes presented the prizes to the successful children cud said it seas 30 years since she bed performed that office before, which ass the first time prizes had been given, and she hail to find the money to buy them. Games were then Indulged in and a very enjoyable evening was brought to • close by singing the Doxology.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
Appleton Thorn.

ST. CROSI Sttwoar Sunoor. Tizestr.—A tarty of 45, consisting of scholars, teachers, and friends, were entertainet at tea in the schoolroom on Saturday after- noon. Alterwarde a musics] and dramatic entertainment was held. Mr. Stanley Sewell the church organist, gave a selection of popular airs on the piano. The Misses Audrey and Vivian Evans played a piano and violin duet, and two tiny scholars, Annie Moulsdale and Willie Clayton, gone recitations. Thea came a very pretty version of the old fairy tale play "Cinderella." It had been got op at rather short notice by the choir girls and Miss Marion Ellison, but went oft very well. The old-time ir istume and powdered hair were most picturesque and effective. Miss Audrey Evens made a charming Cinderella, and Miss Vivian Evans was a dainty end original fairy god- mother. SIBS Enid Evens and sliss Marian Ellison ae "Crosspetch" and "Proudie," the two unkind step- sisters, created much merriment. Miss Mabel Roughsedge impersonated the Prince CI-mains, soil a nary handsome and charming youth she made. Miss Vivian Evans and Miss Dorothy Roughsedge as the two gay young courtiers, Sir Hector and Sir Holiday, were quire fascinating. Emily Brocklehurst was a capital page and herald. Before the National Anthem was sung the Vicar (Bev. Father Evans), .id a few I words to the Sunday scholars and Mrs. Evans presented the prizes to those who bad earned them, and oranges, nuts and sweets to all. Each child also received a little atrium, and for every attendance during 1911, he or she will gain an artistictcoloored Scripture picture, gummed, ta be affixed to the album.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Padgate.

WEit cone CHURCH TV, PARTF.—On Friday the 113th last, the annual children's tea party and prise dis- tribution wise held in the above place of worship Alderman Bennett occupied the chair and Mrs. Leonard Bennett gave the prices to the successful scholars. A very enjoyable evening was spent, recitations ant songs being given, and the children thoroughly enjoyed them' select. lu Monday night a very edifying and instructive lecture illustrated hy lantein slides wan given by Dr. Ferguson on :—Newroundland, Rs various instrument fishing and sealing in particular. Dr. Bennett occupied the chair. Much insight was given by the lecturer, to tire ways of the people of Newfound- land and the audience benefited vary much by the able manner in which things were explained. Rev. T. Wadding moved a vote of thanks which was heartily responded to. Patio ITE: CM:Wit OF Lent-MID SCHOOL—A concert under toe auspices of the Warrington Co-operative Society, was held in the above school on Wednesday night, and a crovvded audience enjoyed the talent which was presencklr. N.Cook occupied the chair and gave an address on co-operative work. line Kilduff opmed the concert by a pianoforte solo, Miss Kershaw sang vet/ sweetly Flight of ages " and Mr. A. Davie, in his song The veteran" made a good impresiion. Mr. Kilduff in his mosical monologue 'The falling star " and " The Coster and his pipe" wen a great aucc.s. Mine Morton rang very sweetly " Merrily runs the water." " Everybody is loved by someone" was very creditably sung by hive Kilduff, Mr. J. Noon in his humorous sketches "0 that pudding " and " Let me sing " convoked his aulience.-31r. Jannaw secret.' to the co-operative society, said the society was pro- gressing in leap. and bounds in spite of the opposition by certain people and when the balance sheets were placed in the conformers hands in a week or two it would show their turnover was £240,1h0 for the 3.r and an increase of £30,000 on last year's trams. The meeting was brought to a close by singing the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Thelwall. PARISH COUNCIL.

Mr. H. Hatton presided at the quarterly meeting of this Council which was held on Tuesday evening in the Parish schools. There were also present i—Meagre. Grandam A. England, P. U. Frith, H. Shentoo, U. Lambert, J. Kite and W. 13. l'ook (clerk)' There were •ill in attendance the Rev. T. Pyre Williamson (vicar), the Rev. W. J. Stanton and Mr. Aler Tailyour, agent for Mr. H. Stsritan's estate.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
I.IOPOSBLI `.iEN:AGN-SCHRNIE.

Mr. Edward Hewitt, the Connell's representative on the Runcorn Rural District Council wrote I don't see that we can do anyth.og yet with the sewage question. We had a meeting a few we 'As ago, and the engineer, Mr. Diggle, explained the scheme toils. We arranged with him that he prepare plena and bring them to the Pariah Corucil meeting. Ile said he could nit possibly get them ready until early on in the new year, and then he would explr.l them fitly. He said the scheme that he proposed would cost about £12,000. Mr. Diggle*s first scheme wee the piece of waste land on the right hand aide of tile rei..y, hut the Ship Caret Company would not let the land." The Chairman explained that the nroposed seivege ache., for the parishes of Thelwall, urappenhal I and Latchford Without bad canoed a great dc ii of discus- .lo. It had been considered from two points of view. First of all the land and property or IPio were very much concerned that apparently asp dal heavy rate might ne pot on Thelwall for a scheme which, aster as they knew, was not necealarily in the interests of Thelwall. The second point was that the scheme would introduce a seri.s nuisance in the village. All they could do in the matter was to request the District Council to consult them as en act Of grace before asp definite stepa were taken. They had no right to give peremptory instractione, and if the District Council ' chose to proceed in defiance of the Parish COLIOCii he was afraid they could not prevent them. Some taiga think the scheme was desiraole if it could be proved to It. beneficinl to Thelwall, but there might he some queation os to the fair apportionment of the coat. Mr. Grandage Paid It had been stated that the expenditure would be spread over a long period and divided among the parishes so that very little increase would be occasioned.

Mr. Tsilyour stldromed the Council. Mn stated that be had received clatter informing him that the District Council purposed carrying out sewage works for the three parishes and found it absolutely necesaary that a site be obtained upon which the 'sewage ehoold be purified before it passed under the bhip Canal. It was also necessary front the natural fall of the ground that the site should be somewhere near the can •I in the parish of Tbelwall. A site down by Thelivall ',rook and south of L”key•lane farm win nuggested in the letter, which asked for an interview to discos the matter. The site erected war most objectionable, and in his opinion would be downright insauitary. On the motion of Mr. Kite, seconded ity Mr. Im tithes t, it was resolved: '• tnat in the interests of the property owners And ratepayers of Tbelwall who anticipate that, the proposed sewage scheme will entail it heavy expenditure on the township, and niey possibly create a serious nuisance, an assurance be °Mulcted from the Runcorn Rotel District Connell that no tcheme will be finally adopted until full aemile thereof, end the pro- posed apportioliment of the expenditure, have 'neon submitted io the Thelwall Parish Council and that the Clerxbe redirected to convey this resolution to the clerk to the Rural District Council reitueatang him to gine such surname.

HERNIA.—The new Fluid Pad Truss never gets hard end is effectual in moat difficult cases. For slight caws the DOW Waterproof Washable Truss, which is always clean and most durable, is strongly recommended.— WI & WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument makers, 93, Renshaw St., opposite top of Bold st.,LiverpooL

Lymm. 11 %NI MAR SCHOOL EXTIGNSIONS.—At e meeting of the Cheshire Education Committee, nt Crewe, on Moo• day, it was reported that 17 tenders bad been received for the carrying out of alterations and additions to the Lymrn Grammar School, and the low eat, that of Mr. Robert Carlyle, Old Trafford, amounting to £1.685 had been accepted. Tim. school governors had sug visited that preference should be given to the tender of Mr. J. H. Holt, of Lymm, amottoting to E 1,77,0 because Mr. Holt beings local man. 'the amount of the accepted tender wan £1,185 iu OX. S 3 of the County Architect's estimate. -•• • •

CONGRKOATIONAL Circa, ii.—A social Wes held at the Congregational Church on Wedneaday evening, invitation being given to membere of the church and congregation by ollicers of the church. After the ref reah- ments, the meeting took the form of the annual meeting of the church. the Rev. A. Barrett taking the chair.— Mr. J. H. Holt (church treasurer) gave is brief summary of the year's vrorking, and he looked with hope to the future of the Church.—Mr. J. D. B. Smith spoke of the church attendance, which showed an inifirovement, especially at the evening ssrvice.—Mr. Bell followed with a weekly offering report, owl Mr. Thomas gave a fatherly address to the young people.—The Chairman closed with a short address on the words " Speak unto the children of Israel that they go forward." During the evening the choir sang several Christmas Carols in very creditable manner. CON,. iii. ATIONAL Sr nor,, RS TEA.—The saholar's annual ten was held in the Congregational Schoolroom, on Thursday evening. A good [member gathered and it FM quite enjoyable. Shortly after tea, the distrihip . don of prizes took place, and Mrs. Got lied kindly undertook the task. the prizes of the morning school were again given by Mr. 1,. L. Noar, who sag in late years the superintendent, and who has not quite for. gotten past times, and to whom Mr..). D. B. Smith had to convey the best thanks from the scholars who ' received the prizes. The Rev. A. Bwrett also proposed a vote of thanks to Mrs. G 'tubed, Miss West and the Indies who kid helped in the tea. The remaihder of tire evening was given to various games, and songs were rendered by Miss Elsie Torner, Mr. John Rose, Mr. Harry Rushton and Mr. Doug as Holt. The gathering dispersed about 10 p.m. after a very enjoyable evening.

LYNIM PETTY SESSIONS.

‘VEDNF,r) Y.—Bwfore Hen. J E. Cross ;in the chair), Messrs. W. P. Itylands, A. W. Calleudar, end .1. E. G, Groves.

PO, HERS CAL-011T.—Al (red France, 13, Morris'. yard, off Chorch-street : Willie. Jackson Lawless, 13, Croesley-street ; and Arthcr Lomax, 3, Spencer's-yard off Tilley-street, all of Warrington, pleaded guilty to having been on land in the occupation of \William Wardell, of I ligh Legh, in search of game on the 13th met—Sidney Worrall, gamekeeper to Colonel Leigh, said that on the date in qiiestion at 2.30 p.m. he was inforrhed that the defendant. were ,a pursuit of game on land in the occupation of Mr. Wardell. Ile saw them going along the lane and he sent a message to P.C. Gould who intercepted them. France and Lawless each had a hare nod Limas a net.—Mr. laylanda who presided during the hearing of the case said that France had been 13 times proviouely convicted and the other two had been before the court for similar g:ffencEs. They would each be flood 300. and costs (133.6,1.). They would be allowed a fortnight in which to pay. ‘VHIIRE DID to FIRE 'nit: 01.1 011k—The adjourned ca.se against Alfred Parr,S. Egerton.str t, flowley,War- riegton who wen summoned for wantonly Ilring off a gun I in Inc public highway to wit Oatlands Eye-lane,rheleall, on the 13th November came up for consideratlon.Act ing- Sergeant Knott said he saw defendant walking down the road in question and fire at a peevreet. her over- took defendant and asked him why he had discharged the eon there and defendant raid he had Bred it on a private road leading to Mr. Warburton's farm. The defendant, who on the last occaeion promised to bring Mr. Warburton to prove what he had said, again re-affirmed that it was not a public highway, hut the magistretes would not take this secondhand evidence and tined him 10e. including coats. _ . , . . .

MINOR CASK—For being drinik,anl incapable on the 21st December in Neiv•road, Lynm, Jane Worrell was tined ss. including costs.—Albert Ileathcote was lined 2s. rid, for riding a bicycle without a lighted lamp attached in Lynno on tile 17th December at 5.35 p.m. Defendant stated that he had to go on a very urgent errand and had only gone tour yards when he was stopped.—James Holt, Gres lalmurei, Booths fill, Ly.ru one Hoed 53. for °sing ohs.° language. YOUNG LADIE-3 IN COURT. THE JOURNEY TO BROADHEATIL

A case of def nettling the London and North.Mestern Railway Company by two well dressed young ladies came before the magistrates at Lymm Session. on Wedneedey, when Anuie Miller, aged 23 sears, and Hilda 3lilier, aged 17, of 3, Poacher's-lane, Latehford, were charged with unlawfully travelling between Broadheuth and Thelwall without betting previously paid their fates and with latent to avoid payment thereof on the 211 h November. A plea of "Not guilty" was put in. MHR. Hudlheten, solicitor, Huston, prosecuted on behalf of the Company. He said that the defsndents were 'e the habit of going to Broadheath in the even- og returning lets at night. They found on this occasion that they could do the journey for lets than the proper slim by hot king third retsirne for Thelrrall. Tuey travelled to Broadheath and instead of passing otit of the gate they went into the ladies' waiting: room. A ticket collector observed them go into the rootu end when 13 minutes later be went to the other aide of the station to attend to attain the defendents rushed out of the waiting room and went down the street. AA soon as the train! had departed the collector ran along the street intend-I lag to detain them, but as it was dark he failed to distinguish them. When he went to attend to the Ii o'clock London-road train from Warrington way he saw the defendants come out of the waiting room end go into the train. He then commoniented with the guard, who subsequently noticed them get out at Latchford and give the ticket, no as if they had travelled from Thelwall. When called upon by Detective Clarke (Is. sal N.-W.) they eirrced that they bad only come from Theltvall. Castles Richard Arstall, ticket collector at Latchford, I mid that the defendants were fret-v.lst travellers to Browlheath and on the night in Ci 11.96011 they asked for , two returns for Thelvrall. They raturued on the 11:11 ! train end gave up the tickets. Asked if they would like to put questions to witness , defendants remarked t• These is nothing to esk." William Tinsperley, station master at Thalami], laid that he odllected tickets from passengers on the ti. 23 p.Ol. [Mill and as far as his rec tilection wont he did DAL see the two led', alight—in fact no young women alighted. Only e gentlemen got on the last traiu that evening.

Annie Miller here rem•rkerl that they got on at Tbelwall, her young man named Huison being at the station. but Tirnperley denied it. Arthur Edward Charnock, hooking clerk at Brood. heath, said he knew the defendants by sight. He collected ticket. uh the 6.1 S p.m. train from Latch- ford end new them get nut and go into the nailing I rooms. After a few minutes he looked through the window and saw them sitting by the flre. At that moment a train from Stockport arrived on the other side and he hid to go to attend ts Mat ; tint he earn them immediately .MI9 out of the smiting room and go down the street. He ran after then an sison ache wan at liberty, but failed to catch them. When toe II o'clock train fro. Minchester Colille in, he sow the Wiesen.. out of the room and get into the train so he voice to the guard. The defeniante did nos take any ticket.lat Broadheath.

Annie Miller said that if witnels had soon them go into the waiting room he would have gone to them. ' lie hod not seen her go there frequently at ad, because she bad been living in Eccles for IS months. Joseph Birched, guard in ch3rge of tho IT o'cln-k train, said that when he arrived et Broadbeeth his attention wee called to the defendants joining the train. He was positive they did not join at Thelwell. Detective Sergeant Clarke Raid that when he went to the defendants bonse, they tdi him that they only went to Thelwali. fir had mode all pasible enquiries. but he c sold not find the t chats. Annie Miller said they hookel to Taelwall and got out there, giving the tiokets to the stttion master. They then walked to Lyrnm which was their native place and she net her young gentleman. Hilda Miller observed that what her sister hod said wen right. The Citairmth (Hon. J. E. Cross)said they were sorry to see the defendente lit such a position, hot Annie had bad previous convictions. They thought that she had led her young sister astray. Annie it 'old he dried 40s. and coats 1.L3 Is. 30.1 end Hilda 20s. and coats It= 41.31, If the money tens not paid in a month Annie Iwould have to go to prison for • month and Hilda for 14 days.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

WIDNES COUNCILLOR'S DEATH.

The itenth took place, somewhat suddeniy, on Tues- day, of Mr. Pierce Talion. works manager at M . Pilkington'a, Widnes. Ile wan over eighty peen of age, and had been in the employment of the firm for about forty-seven years. Seven years ago he entered the Widnes Town Council as a member for Victoria Ward. A week ago he developed symptom. of Influenza, pneumonia intervening, and the action of this upon a weak heart caused death. A prominent Roman Catholic. he wan closely identified with the church work end attended St. Mary's for ri great nuniber of years. He was a native of ori. Wysford. RUNCORN DISTRICT COUNCIL,

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn District Council was held at the Dutton Workhouse, on Tueaday Afternoon. Mr. T. Wright (chairman) preaided, and there were also present Messrs. C. E. Linaker (senior) vice.chairmsn, G. F. Ashton (clerk). \V. E. Dough (assistant clerk). .1. Swinton and W. Diggle (sorreyors), Dr. Adamson (medical odicer , and J. Farrington (nuisance inspector). THE Pour. Or GROCFRIES.

Mr. Davies ele.id he would like to call attention in the price of groceries in the Isolation Hospital. Ile thought they were paying too much—in fact the reamon a certain firm lost a tender was because it was too excesaive. At the present time they were paying at least ss. over the cost price for granulated stigar. But that was only one of the things in which they erred when purchasing groceries, and he thought the price they were prying was excessive. After discussion the matter was referred to the Hoapital Committee.

ABUSING A SCHOOLMISTRESS.

SCHOLAR'S MOTHER FINED AT RUNCORN.

At Runcorn Sessions on Monday, Annie Johnson, Arthur-street, wits summoned for rising abimiee language to Miss Alice M. Kilhurn, head mistress at Balfour-road Higher Grade School. Mr. Wardle, for the complainant, said that the little daughter of the woman Johnson was examined by the school doctor in November last, and was found to have n vermin... heed. The fact was notified to the parent in the ordinary way. On December 22 the school nurse found that there we, no improvement in the child's condition, and she sent her home. Soon after. I wards the defendant came to the achool and used very nbusi ve !engorge to Miss Kilburn. In order to protect I herself and her fellow teachers Miss Kilburn felt : hound to Commence those proceedings. Defendant hid since offered an apology. Defendant denied using any abusive language. She wee re-y angry because Miss Kilburn had sent the child home. The little girl wee heartbroken because eke could not go to tho school social. .411 she defendant) did war to call Miss Kilburn r " old maid," and that it was a pity she had not half a dozen children of her own. The bench took a eerie). view of the caso. and lined defendant ICa. and coats and advocate's fee—a total co' £2 Is. lid, .

Defendant W. removed in hystericssaying she would not pay. RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. The fortnightly meetirg of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at he Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. J. Spruce ichairman), presided, and the officers present were : Messrs. G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (deputy clerk), T. Cook, W. De Pres and J. F.Pearson (relieving officers).

A letter woe read from the Clerk to .the Township of South Manchester enclosing a resolution passed by their Poor haw Guardians as follows This Br rd urges Parliament to withdrew any disqualification which now attaches to out-relief given to wives of old age pensioners, who are not gratified themselves to receive such pensions end to grant power to ail lioards of Guardians in their discretion to give out-relief iir such cases," end requesting that the Bor -d would I• a similar resolution and forward to it the Chancellor of the .Egohequer and Local Government lioard. '""

The Cler'k pointed out that if Me husband is entitled tot penvion of 5s , and the wife i 9 obliged to receive relief, other than medics! Attendance, then thrit stops the wife from receiving a pension. Mr. Hallows : I have much pleasure in supporting the resolution. Mr. Woodward seconded. The resolution was adopted.

........ The Clerk reported the receipt of a precept from the County Cotmcil with respect to the present ball year. The General County Rate was rosin 3e which is the some as the cor -wending half of last year. The General Police It.re was again the some as the last hell year. The General Educational rate kr 5 id. as against 4tl.last half year. The whole amount required from the Union is L 11,670 la., as against £10,459 to the corresponding half of last year—so increase of £1.,209.

. ' A letter was read from the Central Committee of Poor Law Guardians informing the Board that the Poor Law Conference of 1911 would be held in the Council Chamber of the Guildhall of tbe City of London on February :list and T:.nd and enclosing the agenda of businesa to be transacted. Mr. Davis atritsd that he would give notice at the neat meeting of the eiPCtiOn of delegates.

IN THE HOVSE.

, Mr. Davis stated that at the present time the number of inmates in the Workhouse for the ria,t two weeks was 18.1 egninst 17 Ins fortnight, a decrease of 9..\ s rrrrr ded vagrants there are now Mt in the hoot., r'l against 83 during the oorrespontlng period, an increase of ont On the motion of the (airmen it weit resolved that a hearty vote of thanks be accorded to the Ladies, Committee for their te:t and concert given to the hone 's. I think," he said," that the : deserve our most sincere thanks."

Tne Clerk ststed tint the Nfedicsi Other reported t'le health conditions of the House satisfeVoli.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
TO CURE STOMACH AND LIVER TROUBLE.

A NOTED SPECIALIST'S ADVICE TO CHRONIC SUFFERERS.

ills to which the human system is heir are quite no common as stomach and liver troubles in tapir chronic and acute forms, and it is an admitted fact that most of the ills of humanity, including nervous- ness, catarrh. aleeplessnness, biliousness, indigestion, rheumatism, etc., are primarily due to the inabi'.ty of the stomach or liver, and often both, to perfoto. their functions properly. It natura"y follows that any treatment that will give permanent relief must first remove the cause of the trouble Ly building up and restoring the vigour and vitality of the stomach and liver. To accomplish this result , I strongly recommend the following prescription, which. I found to give remarkable results in neatly every instance. Go to your chemist and ask him to put up loz. Tincture of Cardamoms Compound, 8.P., 3oz. Elixir Simplex, 8.P.C., 3oz. Saba to Compound, and add enough water to fill an Roza. bottle. One or two tablespoonfuls of the mixture ehould be taken fifteen minutes before each meal, and in cases of extreme nervonaness or depression a dose should be taken between meals and on retiting.

This preparation is absolutely harmless, and when takes as diretted above often produces marvellous results in from one or two days' time.

XoTE. - Through the eour7;el;fil.e noted epecialist who gave us the above prearripion, tee hare arranged to publish further valuable premeriptions in the near future. Even though you do not need this 1040 y, you should cut it out and care for future reference.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. KEIR HARDIER VIEWS.

Mr. Reir Hardie, speaking on Wednesday erening at Cumnock, Ayrshire, said Home Ride was now on the list of immediately practicable quettions. Wel.ll din- establishruont was al-to a certainty, and a Reform Bill which would abolish plorel voting, emend the regis• tration law,, And practicAlly give adult seffrage would go through Parliament. The Labour party moult Insist on the reversal of the Osbordo judgment, and would Lot accept !laymen of inembereal an sit arnative

===== 0002601_19110121_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

NEW ISOLATION HOSPITAL.

A Local Government Board inquiry was held at Earlestown on Tnesday into the application of the Newton District Council for soAction to borrow £5,400 for the provision of on isolation hospital.—Tbe Clerk sold they were compelled to build their own hospital owing to the fact that the Warrington Corporation required their hospital for their own ime.—Dr. Sergeant, county roediaal officer, said be had visited tbo site, which wag eatily eccessible. lie supported the idea ; in fact, he rather pushed the matter forward.—The Inspector mentioned the question of sobsidence, hut the Surveyor said he did not think special promotions were necessary in this case.—The Inspector The Council roust understand Bud, they accept full reepomi- bility.—There was no opposition.

"DEMOCRATIC IDEALS" OF TIE umomsr 'PARTY.

Lord Wolmer, the member for the Newton division, on Saturday night addressed a largely attended Unionist demonstration at Go!borne, Newton-le.. Willows. He said if ever the Conservative party departed from their democratic ideala he would shnke the party dust off his feet, nod would not feel worthy of their confidence if he did not do so. But that was no more likely to happen than that the sun should rise in the west and vet in the east. Inn time or national unsettlement, when even the sanctity which surrounded the Throne might be invaded, he felt they looked to him to carry their banner in the House of Conununs en that it was honoured and not dishonoured by their representative. CLEVENTH-HOUR POLICIES.

LORD NEWTON CRI MISES TORY LE 1, DERi

A meeting of the Council of the Newton Division Conservative Association, held at Newton-le-VVi lions on Saturday, won addreseed hr Lord Newlon, the preeident of the Association, end Lord Woliner, the member for the rho defrate.l Mr. J. A. Seddon at the lest election.

es Nee euis eiessioe. Lord Newton congratulated the Unioninta of the division upon what he described as one of the most , notable auccervis of the election. It 55115 idlo to Cull- I tend, he said, that the result was due to the presence of plural ootere, because there were no more plural voters lin the December of 1010 than there were in the January. Ile attributed the result to four things—to a change in the political views of a portion of the electorate ; to the excellent Unionist organisation ; to an excellent candidate in Lord Wolmer—icheers,—end, last, to an enrhusiantic hand of workers. (Cheers). Whatever th• results might have been in Lancashire, Lord Newton confrianed that the results throughout the country were disappointing to him. Ile thought that, on the whols, the electors refused to take the election eeriounly enough, and, to his mind, the explanntion of that wart that, the wire pullers of the Government—the potpie who, he said, really controlled the Government and whene etateernanahip did not go beyond petty trickery and partisan jobterv—managed to spring the election suddenly end wantoniy upon the country after pretending for months that they were desirous of arriviog at an amicable solution by manna of a confer- ranee. Had there been more time he believed the Unionist party would have achieved better results. I said (Lord Newton proceeded) that the election wet sprung upon the country ; hilt I confess I cnnnot altogether actinic our responsible I Afire of the charge of having hen unduly surprised and caught rapping. The election wrs fought prirrarily upon the question of the Hoene of Lord.. Well, it was only at the eleventh hour, after much shilly-shallying which had gone on longer than I Pare to atate, that the responsible leaders or the Conner vati ye pnrty declared themselr emphati- cally in favour of dramtic reform of the Holles of Lords. In the second place, it was not onlil the eleventh hour that the Referendum wan pride al, and I sometimes wonder whether the nrdent Impporters of referendum a month ego bad any clearer Hee an to what referendum really was than reply memters of the Radical party ere rinpnosed to have with regard to the magical word In the third place it was practically past the eleventh hoer when the referendum was put forward with regard to the rmention of Tariff " Reform." It ripper, to me, and I expect it most have struck a good many other people, that if druid° reform of the Horne of Lords was necessary in December 1910, it was equally necess- ary in 1909 and 1908--(Hear, hear., In the second place, if the referendum man really 11 desirable thing to introdie- n into this country—r id fdo not wry that it is not—lN was equally desirable s, year or two ego, and if it is necessary for the purpose of decitline whether the country should adopt Tariff 't Reform 'event it was .0 tally necessary for that plumose a year or more ago. laese things may be admirabie in principle -I do not say they are not—hint they were brought forward somewhat late lathe day, and! hope, an u member of that party who is not inn responsible position, that next time we are called upon to undertake a rampnign the plan will have been thought out a considerable time previously.—(liewr, heard Ido not Nvish ti speak in a carping spirit, hut these are the obvious reflections which occur to me when I consider what took piece at the recent election. Referring to the propane.' crention of Libercl Peers Lord Newton said : Assuming that the Government are determined to carry out their destructive work le the shortest possible way. I suppose we might anticipate before long an invitation like this : " Wanted immediately, 500 respectahle Radicals for the purpose of performing a particularly dirty oh— (laughter) ;--intelligence not no much Cr prisite as absoluf P servility and complete absence of all political principle—Baughter(%—preference will be Fr— needed to those persons who have shown themselves in the past to he pro-Boers, ptissive resisters, and anti-veccinator. —(laughter);—no application whatever will be eater' tamed from any person unions he hes previously , received the approvnl of Mr. John Redmond and Mr.l Kirk Hardie. (Laughter.) It is clearly to he under- stood that when successful applicante hate completed the destruction of the Chamber to which they have junt been elevated they will thenceforth be at liberty , to vote inns, direction they please, the Government having no Luther or :lesion for their services." , (Laughter., , He hoped (Lord Newton midi it would not come to that. A t arreanenr, ntistrictoif attleroent , could 011Iy he echieved by agreement bet*, en moderate men on both sidee. Both sides would have to cake etterifices, although then might 1 a cormide_able lerger r sacrificee in one case than the other. . .

Mr. W. It. Graham who spoke in support of a vot of thanke, suggested that if the Liberals brought about the dimtroction of the 110.9 of Lords, Lord Newton might strike out in the world al a very suocassfu advertising agent.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

CHURCH CLUBS BILLIARD LEAGUE. The following are the mstchee for Thursday, January 20th, to commence at 7.30 p.m. : First Divisibn.—Pedgata •. Parish Church lostitcte. Widnes Nod 2 v. St. Clement. St. George *•. Widnes No. I. Trinity v. Sr. Paull!. Second Divaion.—Parish Church lustit:lte v.Paig.tte Sr. Clemeagta v. Widnes No. 2. wido. No. u. S. Paul', v. Trinity. ST. GEORGE'S V. l'A DUATE,—At St. George's, January 18tb. tIItST TEAM ST. GEORGE... PA DO ATE. J Jolley J Leah 4O A,C Robert a... C Nrites lOO Pf..Walsb J Bate lOO B Ntilson W Bridge H Lattewood

I\lajority for Sr. George'', 14 beat. break, C. Roberta, 4U. FIRST TES 113. lUNSS SO I. ST. PA 1: J T Hills . lOO W Ilebiongton G Spa kelt F Robinson L Cohen lOO It Deakin A Hower 79 F Cerdner Halewood

Majority for Widnes No. 1 First Teem FIRST TFANIS. HOLY TKINITV V. ST. Gsogus.'s.—Played Georges. Score NT. C.EORGE'S. TAINITV. W Bridge .1 Jolley 9 W W Leigh J Bate Bel Wti Wtight

Ti7erkes lOO .1 Dyke... J NoH.ry lOO H Evan.

5

..... : 61 ...... 61 ......

100 kt IVoleh

5.95 313 Majority for St George's, SECOND TEAM, ST. GEOREE'S V. TRISITV.—PIayed et Trisity.— Score :

sr. OIOROES. TR,NITI". H Molynens F Ilarbourna 75 It Crompton ...., o Too:use J Hands 71 1..: 11 AshzToft . WH PniHips 75 W S Lock b' '

.1. Nle-ssey

433 Mojority for St. George'', 39. LEAGUE TABLES. FIRST DivrsioN, P. W

Padaste ...... 9 Mt. 4...torge's l9 Parish Cb. Init 11 Wi rIPS No. 1 11 'trinity ll St. Clement's

L. pI Fl h. 2 16 5 12 5 12 g

===== 0002601_19110121_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
J

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CUR E of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS.

FELT NOTHING SINCE!! 9, Miller Road, Coliier, Wood, Morton. Se 11th, 1909 . Dear Sir—l V.:link you for the great amount of Rood I have bad since I first had your excellent Gout and Itherimatic I a ent to two hnsrlitals and they toll me to hove my foot taken off; that it wane diseased bone. But I w 0.3 recommended your pills,. got a bottle, and the first tiro I took, although I had gout very hadly,enabled me to sleep well, the first time for seven years. That was thirteen months ago and HAVE FELT NOTHING SINCE.

13efore that time f vitas continually at home with it, and it is nothing lint your famous rem My. Being only a yvorkins•man they have been good friend to me. Again in thanking you, recasin, your own advertisement, F. HATTER. EADE'S GOUT PILLS

Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurions matter,andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, ls. I ,cl.nisd 2s. lid. or sent post free for stamp. or P.O. by the Proprietor, OEORG EADE, 232.Closvvell ad, roLondon ,HEUMATIC PILL.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
• The most Perfect Preservative for the Shin and Complexion. Escles If. of all Chern sts and Stores jalt-Larola, Regd.

Praove• and prevent. R OUCH NESS. REDNESS. CHAPS, IRRITATION, am KEEPS TEE _SKIN SOFT. SISOOTIR

AND WRITE. It is delightfully Soothine end Refreshing after Golf. Motoring. Cycling. Dsncing etc N. BERTRAM A SON. Cheltemballo.

ia rkels Blood Mixture

===== 0002601_19110121_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
•For_emaroing tho t,:towl of on hOPOrt-

MIRES ALL

t len from wll.tever e•Cllte .Ing, IN no other modlcln.. go•Al Binge Nlzzrcww—thwt'• why In 20 rany of Ecx.mow Ilea Leg, At..owsw.... (4 .1! km.l.. Pile', (iLLndular 111(..•1 Rhenrewtts. (ion% tc.. L. .• truly romwrkshle cores where all ',her tr.,' ILWIAS ENO faded. It will thee... for p.m.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ISKIN & BLOOD DISEASES

10

Aca - rs • •. • CO I .• • , ITO .. • ....Parker and the Tcade Boom. 111 F. is Sharing the National Wealth? Parker gives us in your latest issue what atiotiaosyt met af,the liberals will class As a glorious manifeetatioll of the greatest of Liberal principles, to wit, Free Trade: The Liberal press generally have been ostentatiously placing before no the details of the record trade-el.any given twelve months in the hiatory of this nation. Of cottrlie, the supporters of the Liberal Party will consume these facto joyfully and brandish Mein in the fare of their II ariff Reform friends to prove the fallacy of the protectionist's argument that trade in this country is on the decline, but there the matter is at an end with the Free Trader. Free Trade is justified. all's well with the world. But I venture to dissent from cur Free Traders that all is well. Take this increase of trade, for instance. Does it mean that the workers have created by their labour, more shoes, more fool, more • netesaities of all kinds for their consumption anti comfort? Does it mean that the workers have raised their standard of living during the past twelve mouths or does it merely mean that the workers have been increasing the production of commodities which do not effect their lives at all? Perhaps ldr. Parker in his ensuing article will tell us in which tray this increase has affected the workers. At any rate, front wbst we can learn front past good trade the working class do not seem to have enjoyed much of it. For we find that whilet trade had increased I y 5.68 millions more in 1908 than in 1900, unemployment had increased from V.) per cent to $.9 per cent and pauperivm find increased from 21.1 per cent to 22., per cent. With the din of the Liberal preoa in nay ears about the great productivity of cur nation I read the following emanating front the lips of Professor Alfred It Wallace. Asked if the world was in his opinion, a better place to live in then it was fifty years ono. the doctor gave an emphatic negative. " I should sly" he aaid " for the very poorest it is a war. place. The wonderful discoveries of science and their applica- tion to industry, with the ervresponding increase in wealth, have not lessened die increase in poverty. which is abseil utelysind I believe relit, ively,enormonsiy greater than it was fifty years ago:' A further prcof that the increase of wealth has not reflected itself on the working class, for William Cohliet t, a Radical in his lays, tells us in his " History of the Reformation " written in 1525 that "English- men in general suppoee that there were always poor laws and paupers in England. They ought to remember, that for nine hundred years there were neither." To quote Professor Wallace again, he says that "You cannot be said to possess civilisation when your people are without food, clothing and warmth." And again listen, ye Liberal working toes glcating over the latest trade returns, to William Cobbett. Poverty. however, in, after all, the guest badge, the never failing badge of slavery. Pare bones awl raga are the true marks of the real slave. What is the object of Government ? To cause men to live happy. They cannot be happy without a ateliciency of food and of raiment. Good governtnent means a state of things in which the main body are well fed and well clothed. It lathe chief lmsiness of a government to take care, that one part of the people do not cause the other part to lead miserable lives. There can he no mot ality, no virtue. no sincerity, no honesty. amongst, a people continually suffering from want." It is unnecessary for me to any that we have '' a people continually suffering from want." It is t.m genetally k..town. It moat therefore follow. in spite of Free Trade, that we hate not good government. We shall have a good government when the wcrkers see to it that they are represented directly by their own class, whose ditty it shall be to eee that want is abolished. And this can only be dose by the people having the means of production used for their own benefit. and not, as at present for the enrichment of a few.—Yours LABOR 01INIA VINCET.

I

E

Seventeen Steam Engines in Warrington. Sir,—Writing r f the manufactures of Warrington Mr. Baines in Iris Ilistory. Directory and Gazetteer says " Warrington ranks atuongst the earliest manufacturing towns in the County of Lincaster, hut its fabrics have been auhjert to considerable charges. Coarse linens and checks formed the first manufac- tures of this place, they gave way to a species of table linen,ralled hockabeck, which was succeeded by strong sail cloth (polder's.) of which 'Warrington is represented to have maae AA much at one time as supplied half the British Navy; this trade, tarrtly owing to the cessation of war, has declined. and the princiral rnatruf..cture at present is cotton yarn. velveteens, calicoes arid timeline. -There are in tlds two mai neighbourhood now at work (June 1825) seventeen steam engines, with an aggregate power of 331 bosses; of these engines, six are enipb veil in spinning cotton, and two in weaning , by power ; three are used in the glues works, one in wire drawing, one in a tannery and four in the grinding if corn. The refining of sugar, formerly carried on to a considerab'e extent, no loaner prevailsl here ; and the copper works are discontioried. The glass manufactere. however, crwtinues to flourish. Tire fabrication of flint and glasa bottles was among the early rraees of the place, and crown , glans works have recently been added. The pen trade exists to a considerable extent, and " Lancashire . files," and other artisans' toole are made in large numbers. The Brewers still produce fine Warringtoul ale from malt, for which this place has been long ! celebrated ; and the continual intercourse by (aridl and water between Liverpool and Manchester, as well as from the south aerves to enrich the town. Between sixty and severity counties on an averege i ass through Warrington every day, and the nrincipal streets are . kept by them in a mate of perpetral animation." j Under ''P et Office," Mr. Baines gives a table showing where letters are received from, the distance, the postage, time of arrival, and time of departure: for example it stroes that letters received from London trarel a distance of 388 miles, that the postage was lid. and that they at rived at 2,i past , in the evening and that letters for Li ndon departed at lit night. To send a letter to Chester. a diarance of 19', miles cost :el. Under this table are given regulations, one stating that " Letters are forwarded every morning at P to Runcorn and Preston Br, ok, by horse post, and to Ashton, Newton and Wiowick by foot messengers." Another etatee "This office opens for the delivery of lettere every morning soon after the arrival of the mail from Chester." Another states that " The letter line clones for the mails wltOch arrive n the afternoon minutes before the time stated for heir departure and at 30 minutes past nine at night tis closed for other mails." The postmaster's name given as John Brandwood and the office as Sankey- street.— Yours Ac.,

I

EDWARD STEEL.

Eton*, Marshbouse-lane, arrioßion• -

PS—Quite a number of persons have expreased the pleasure they have obtained from a perusal of my extracts and I ahould like to auggeat that you should ineitesome of our old inhabitants to write yen accounts of Warrington in the days if their yourth and failing that, you Mr. Editor ahould have them interviewed and so form an interesting feature.

kzitc ED

he

===== 0002601_19110121_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Of an Onew.lo4 and atom, • air bona.

1

===== 0002601_19110121_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
HULTON COLLIERY DISASTER.

Ili

Collected. at _.l3rieketreet Independent

Warrington smiting Fund. The following further snlwcriptions to thie fend hove been received by the Mayor Lad.

Methodist Church Cuetowere Crown end Sceptre, per George

Eastwood Customers Glassmskers' Arms per Jesse Mos.,

Customers Brewers Arms. Winwiela street 0 5 I; Whip Round Customers Britannia 0 5 6 .7. J. B. and family Previbusly acknowledged

£6Bl 17 2

DON'T Loot OLD—lmep the ravagers of Time at Bay by Darkening the Drew Sirsiiks with LOCKYERB SCLPHICI R ILALI R ESTOR P.R,deepens to natural colorn la few days. Maintains wenth appearanora Large boE averywhere.Post,la.6l. Bedford Leboratory,Lond on,St'

, -..,NNimi

===== 0002601_19110121_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 21, 1911.

Oriental costumes from various local Sunday schools. A combined choir from local Free Churches sings every evening, the anthems rendered including' 0 taste end " (Goss), ''Send out Thy light " (counod), and " Caine unto II " (Gennod) Mr. F. Hickman conducts and Mr. T. Brough is the accompanist.

H. re-oisni ..r.tr, ;y1 r.:r. C. E.

;;;: ciel

beerts • I .b°lo

0-:;op4 I asitte.t

question was which mint be considered first—Christian or material progress It M., taid that a child could not learn if it were huogry. In like manner the materiel conditions and phyeicel caSnafort, with regard to food, clothing nail shelter, should he considered almost before the Christian side. But that was out- side his province and he would not attempt to dogma- tise upon it. lie wished, as far nib. could, to aid the cause of Christianity and of missionary work throughout the world. . Applause . The nee. T. U.D.1...0 HARTLEY delivered en eloquent address prior to declaring the exhibition open. In the drat place, he said, he desired to associate him- eel( with what Mr. Willerue had said in hearty eppreciation of the Mayor's presence Alai he could also a.oure him (the 'Mayor) that so far from regarding the sentiments he bed jost uttered an discordant they were in sympathy with them. They Isere the true philanthropists. Their centre, of cont., hail to be the immediate lintnehut their circumference was the wide, wide world. (Appian.). They did not desire simply the selyntion of their neighbour., but thsir thoughte went out to-day to the utternmat pert. cf the earth. They outside of Warrington desired to congratulate their friends open the energy and keel they mum have displayed before that opening ceremony was possible. He would like hi, pay a tribute of high regard to those who spent no much time and •ff at in promoting that good work. Be would also like to say one sentence vs regarded don one, whom, doting the progress of the missionirry oporetionn, they had lost. They acho knew him, nets aware of how he delighted in such work and it wee a great mystery that th. t nhadow should come. Continuing, Mr. Hartley said he would commend missionary work to the ettention of all their friends. He had had the pri•ilege—he hoped they wound all have the privilegn—of living m's, years and bows,, therefore, stile to take a long view of that great missionnry work both at home and abroad. lie could not help noticing tiro the method of appeal for !nisei. nary work bad gieatly altered since bean. • Icy. If he were to have tho privilege"( going round and lemming his brethren from the foreign held lect,re he should expect to hear very different kinds of ereecbes to what he used to hear in his days of childhood end youth. They het in those Mug eddresees which led their fathers nod them.lves to copsecnite their efforts to that meat work hut they were oot now in ignorance as to the for, ign field, for there bed Innen growiug interest in the !special litera- ture. The Press bk., fare pleht y of missionery thielligeue., whereas rears ago their hardly mentioned 711 F. OPRNING their stork. But they mere not content simply to nm respond. to that two. method oh appesl—to seed The large att.:More ah the otwning oorocy rbma aaa a happy a„sa„, ,c, ,„ oogw, is up ro.n.ioccnv literatdre and to ecquaint if the exhiaiti an. •Th" !,rayrr (Coc-noillor Dr. Jasear..) theowe!'wl with wrrt wee going on—they hAd followed In the wake of otter deism:tine 'resided, sod rho eekthition opened tko Rev. I'. Gallend °Olin:Geo( the wivernco: District. trona he :hag miesiontry ethibitions which were eieters en caian am, ce d crea te(t he Ch urc h I:. thet Christianity Amor got thcse percent in odditjau Weeder. n_wo.6e°l wwww" Of howFing 'nterest !a the eork. I i bitit 'be epnaiee bl'y'Lm2 u Lai ▪ r. art.oore...k:;nlety'hFi cal 2rdtn rod :n7tpt...,.."ad7e.pr7a7,115e1d:::.;,c0 that Haney C^oh, Roe arso eve folio: by prayer h: Hay. N. nit, fi-, they wt ged war angina .gariase; ny Primitive Methoditt). Ito HO/. B. FaMiag rend • °°°"...e and oolioltoo. Le thought the Halt et', I "Winter of seiptne, he wasp ripethy alto H. fact that they al. vegeta isMr. Rue tag \AMU stin, the exhibition Yumanirr hilt outwardly. Micricneried in all societies tee a• • against dieeese—they ettacked ehila not only are 6 di more ettection to medical ten rc end attr •ben rulTilttnd a ateteue rt. He at id they ccold cans eatether to the pt.aicel, moon! ieepirithel I t to- Araptruii..i.a:stritit: abeta, ht,h; tfoactr„t tegt the. tad to the n fore, Mission.) alocieiies le called :At/. end o et, chide Vid bred 0: the civic authority in Werrineton. sal scpiddet ii Cud work 'fall site ltirintlan emplo:log to a larger macct -.han in ttie clef ...a:. nat.! ra . Imre All sections of the Christian ""wikol twee anti women. He rejoiced in tea ten. Cdi Wel mu-. supporting fief. enort for the upraising of devothrt of worn, ~,ir n.e woi a rod ha paid a tribe il.l3fe At 'fee work of mltch-caries abroad, and he waa to the efforts of the Wornen's 3lissionary glsr, to a AGOnniCtlf• trip thet had lerneeteuried. Find.* th° "le If•adowhflF of fts, all tho r•durcbta mu lit retries, blessing wee f° lector., et that oththition. N, [Vole. that effo•A Ilea wore there not for the tho lyre of Christ ceuld comet Ain men al wen en t 'phi a standing ye wing L1M0N...4E0 or !ntSnet i3O no leave their homer. or: I the rti Reg. of Eritich tire end ear.,, to the Leans of all who attendsd thin go amongst the. who knee not the I.oe of U•trist 7u:a new ?ha. ritheabrot bis.e,tra. tdy ha-are n.hu were lose ~Aharrcheiocttes,/..,crlrt:c gwre hr.° f'ococeoLorwectcr tc. cerritryl,dclbcelid, t 05 .0, the y Were and who Sager not the besot sympathy, their prayer rod poor their gifts Han the Chris . The exhibition stood :or a greet need, a grme He bed attended re:saicrarjr ethinleoue in .41,br7o.pteitan'e." Ha had cot 'it7ealrdhathdrt"tirt; tail any such desire in crcosounn with that estiltiti :a ; hut he its ii . The yriod,,tiohno li.lecd,,,nactgre,‘uats cfrit,c,..rcordiatctiloretylr. three ne-r; no by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. To that zrrat society balanced the believed !tat their great &sire was tatt tree friends honour of having begin the nrovement for bringing %could go forth from that exhibition t mirely reihetn- home to the peoplo by the rights and Welles of baring their own town or their own noire...Hy hut missionary life, the greet power that there we in sending out their eympathy, prayers, thou.h•s end gifts Christian wore ahrond. The first exhibitiven sass held to help on the great cat. of Christi, ally in the by the S.P.O.at southl. The Church Mission• euterrncet parts of the ratan. He had notch pleendre in cry society followed inavery id the declaring -no exhibition open and misted It every wake of the sister society lent it was many Preamble...X.lM. (Applause.) rents Itefure Noooooformiww roe. to the orthvio. a ad•l he Rae E. fl. KM:I.INQ, in eolcir g the thenks of the to nssociata that exhildtion hut timely 4th their own then the London NI iasionary Society and the ll.ptist gathering to the Meyer for presiding, I they desired p3eiristssioirtrlyteBCocl:7S".tyb,"agnlinnteorpeindett'i‘nhei'eitttiro-tliesyv.ariTohue chtirch nith ono series of churches, bot with the wcc:cycc tilinaiuita'y Society hvgeo tour ego hole town. They were extremely grateful to his when an ea hibitico was held at Plyniouth and Worehip for coming amongst them. attracted many thousands of p..opie. Exhinitions in Ihe vote en. palmed with acclammation and the pro- niimerints other largo towns followed and the smolt had seeding, closed with the hymn" tho, labour on !" beetle great incresse in the knowlimmt litand intereet in VESTIiRDAY'S PROCEEDINGS. minsionory work. lie hoped that all who attended the b e Rev. Dr. J. Hope 310oison, oury thrileee. Yesterday afternoon the •aiiiition was reopened ..prneettza houi hi di ti %Ice: dt ct.hier re, IticeerVrt.ni cehd t r t th , in non to e nisate o f Didsb e op. .1. Closet presided end •mongst those on e b.inte,eresktot‘i.elpze,iln,a6n:ina.tuin,of:tnorre wou id platform dditi th mi fth Wall th t Circuit, were the , A. Lester and A. J. Brett. Mrs. Arthur Booth neve 'in art istic render hPP in ft ,vs. of the sol Praortion ocripture was read be ioyer was offered by the Re•. H. A. Lester end a o • I will estol I het.," Mr. brook Hickmen playing p f Sy th Rev. T.Gladd g. the Manoforte accompeniment. The Co A I 1t..1.‘ said he realized the lb oit 'iionhe e Irti dibeh edionbi foViiTit.it lb importance of stimulating the enthusiasm of tb. Chord] in tha ext mt .. sion of the Kingdom of Jeans Christ. Our herd had He el. congratulated all those concerned in the work o"r'n 'ne"hni hn: ti ‘C 't 'Pr:slid"); committed to His Church • great ku treasure was the heritage of the world. We hittl enjoyed e.ncdd rur,./ iSece:.ehriyon, poth it for many yenre end the net ions were lookingw tc preaented. Ihe iranaformetion ican effected for that treasure. They were seking to kno God since his feet visit to the hell was so great ttat Ito but that they could not knowe Him except f as Ile could almost in.g whh Id bee ine hituaelf 1,000 miles lawny Irmo Chorch to let the nations know Ow God had revealethd wan revealed. it was thr husiness oe hOF wowooF imtelf in J.un Chrirt. fine world was full of sin and Werrington. (Laughter mod anoints,' Speaking.r:n meaty And we needed to send to all crointries the great truth that sin wes a heinous thing in th r e siht of God tch"id'tZe:'•‘4lo.:o"ht nilroftiot y" wme the niost eell- denying labours that Pfly mact coind take up. He g exiled himself from his country aitd his friend. and etisged but that God was willing to pani/11 Sin. F lath 4 doys of the aportle Patti there had been along line of illus. Dion% miesioneries. They had gone with their Byes in their handy and hail enders,' loneliness And many sacri- fices. Had the Church upheld the hands of Inc tnission• Aries ye,he ought to have done ? trots...id not. We hat not yet learned the trite hirebberhood of the nations. God west. Father of the whole human family nod we ware all brethren. IVe ought more an I more to realise that He had made of one blood all the nations that dwelt upon the face of the earth. We lowl to-day too great ell apprt edition ci mcterial things. 'Phi. wall an age of material progress. Since Ha there hod teen teeny exhibitions which Lad teen the means of incressintr Tersely the material well-hieing of the nations. He rejoiced that we were now h ving exhibi- tions tor the increasing of enthusitoun in the mission close. He believed the enthusiasm Wee rising. lathe Edinburgh and Birmingham Conference's there was • erect meni imitation of a deai,e to extend this work. The churches at home would never prosper notil they carried on, the will of their Divine afaster iu spreading the Gospel over all the earth. (Appleuse). Dr. hoer flouLtats said they could fully what an epoch this year was. The Cnairman hod alrendy referred to the greatest event for many centuries in the history of the Church of Christ—the Edinburgh Conference. He (the speaker' had the unspeakable pleasure of 'wing the,. nnd could epeeh at first hand of the joy elperienceel there. One thing that CAnftwence hal impreaswi upon the Church of Christ—and by the Church he meant the Church 41f Christ, not any one section of it, for one of the greatest blessings of the conference waa the fact thnt in spite of differences they were one and they w re lobe more one in the future—wan the Beaten( tremendous urgency. Thew had addresees from men from ill parts of the world and nothing 0111111.0,9 improwsiae thee the speech given hv a dintingnished Chinese delegate who pleaded with them In a speech of wonderful pith and rower fumaren Ii ration Of the urgency of the call of Chins et the pee-eel time. He • tid [het in five yerro—perbeis in three—it would he too late We had the chance tem. China was reedy to listen to the Goepol but in five years She would not Fe, and it would ha too late, as it hail iwen in dept.. Thet delegate believed that the Church had already lost her chance in Japan and he We. Nroolton) ventured to think the name lathe repent that morning IFa, only too glavione evirlrnce of that terrible fact. After whet *.es called s trial a noble Christian man—thesoit of Christian pareetts—had hem, me to deeth for hie opinions on the pretext of hieing conspired against tee Mikado—a tenet onlikely thing. Toot w,n a sample of what might happen in those grest Orientel nations when thee hod not been p 01,11910101 with the Spirit of Chrith. They were getting the her I tint of the West without its I ihristisnity ; the knowlelrethe resonrcee the science, the skill of the We... oat tons—all those, hot without the one thing which mode Western civilization tolerahle, and that win the extent to which it was domineted hy the spirit of Christ. All over the world the satae cogency existed. They told on that in Africa it was • Moos race between Christianity and Islam. Taken wee making tremendous strides all over, the dark Continent end hat 'glom once cononered they might almost .y Telam never gene op. Every Mohammedan wee e mineionare Would to Gal that the sonc might be said oleo], ali the nominal Christian roproaentstiees in the dirk Continent! We could no longer regard 69 N,lik of foreign missions ea same. thing that we could afford to play ut en give only onr ormerffillty too. We must give to foreign missions our hest men and women. Thank God, he believed we ha I already hegira toil, that. Tee people who had been prone to talk rthout charity hegionine at homeland the lerge nonther ef lengthen at ottr own doors —*bond., ly and deplorably true no It was—and spoke an if it to+ 9 n waste of time and Kier y to send miwrionsrjee abrosd, did not know the • oof the laws of the Kingdom of Ileac.. As noon as they began to study them they realised the': the hest way of looking after themselves at home wag to sand right ',teeny to the ends of the earth. The beat may of raising the temperature of the Church at home and of making one worker do the work of two wan to rneke that (Tomb eopromoi, esgar about the cone... lion of the world. Dr. Nfoilit in spoke of the cellos of mission. in promoting Christian unity, and said that at the E.ltninnteh Conference 1201 representative. of all carts of choral. met together for ten days without baying the alighteat dispute or difference. While bong content to retain their own opinions shoot the points of doctrinu and polity on which they differed. they

LINSZED CONIPOL,I3' for Cough,. Cold., sod Bronchirel trouble.. 9;1., Is, Id. Of Cbemists.—Adv

===== 0002601_19110121_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ORIENT.

UNITED MISSIONARY EXHIBITION AT THE PARR HALL.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURESQUE SCENE.

It seems a far cry from the drab streets of War- rington on a cheerless Januaty day, to the picturesque splendour of the lands of the East. This week, h aser. the Orient is brought to our very doors. We have I only to go to the Parr Hall to find ourselves lathe midst of scenes strangely beautiful. The wotders of India, China, and many another region fascinating to the Western mind are unhooked to our gaze and we are able to realize far more vividly than through the medium of books the habit+, customs and indimtries of the natives and the peculiar supersti- tions which in too many instances dominate their lives. It is to the Wesleyan Methodist Missionary Society that Warrington owes this innovation. It ith all the will in the word it is hard for the average Englishman, relying only on what he reads, to form en adequate co .c-ption of the com- plexities and obstacles which bes,-t the worker it, the foreign missionary livid. This deli,ienry the Orient Missionaiy Exhibition is intended to reined,,. It affords a glimpse oi the conditions as they actually present themselv.B to the missionary and the impresaion itt deepened by accounts of the work fr. at those who have ishoured in lie ithen lands. A It hough the exhibition is perm tied by the Wesleyan Slethoilist ilts-ionary Somety,it has attracted the co-operaii a of

are generally admired. In striking contrast, are a hook swing" used for purposes of religious penance, idols. a Isnip and other articles associated with Pagan wnrship. The lice. B. Robinson, for eight years a missionary in the Mysore, give% an inspiring account . • • of miasionary triumph and endeavour in that impor:ant spbeie. Next we pass on to

which covers the whole district between Calmat:l and Bombay. The Court has a spetiial intense for Werriegtonians as one of the lecturers is the net. Walter Seed, the minister at Bold-street, who was for some rears engaged its military and missionary work in India. If, colleague is tire Bev. T. M. Kerruish, who has within the last tear returned from the Calcutta district. The exhibits at this Court include a br,s model of a temple, numerous "gods." and a spiked bed which has actually been used in India Ito heathen devotee.

in another scene of devoted and encouraging m3sodon- ary enterpriae. A vivid picture of the conditiona in that pot f the great. Contin.nt i. preaen•erl by the lice. T. Kilhy Champnea.,a eon of Th,.. Chumnrnws. who has laboorcd in such writ: y different held. as China ;1:11 IV, at Africa. Industrial and hymn life are 16)

... r [ * Ilit rin 1 4111.1 0 1 *4l lot I ' I 1 . ..,4,-. 5 I t • ..,,..!. i ._ 40 1 1 el .4pot . il _ ,

===== 0002601_19110121_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
LEADING " ORIENT" OFFICIALS.

Fop flow : Mr. ErrestWiPiam (Nlanagerl, Mr. J. G. Withioshaw penez • or,-; tam W.eed

-- (Capain of stewards'. Bottom Row : Rev. E Blanshard frhairmsn of F.veonti‘e,, His Worship the 1 +For ata Rev. T. Gotland Haitley (who opened the exhibition).

many other religious bodies and the enthusilsm with which the project has been taken up nhoold enure its complete success The management of the exhibition is in the hands of Mr. Ernest William+, an etietgetc and skifful organizer, and the local arrangement. have been carried out by a stroeg committee Slaking a tour of the hall,the visitor is first atiracted by the

depic,ed by a highly interesting IlPf ort men t of exhibits and unties raid there Ia also a model of a hut. A Ccurt for a

MPI. is under he management of Mr. F. D. Walker, a nietub, of the Mission House Staff. IN object is to promote the serious study of Inioßionary problems and grist interns centres in the charts. diatirams, text hooks and other aids to study to which Mr. Walker directs attention. The

TEA OARPEN which has been arranged on the platform. In the background is a delightful set liece, fallt,f hr illiant colour, represent itions of ch&ce flowers, end char- acteristically quaint examples of Oriental architecture. Here ter, and light refreshments are served—a t.on- venience which is much appreciated. Descending from the platform into the body of the ball the next object of interest ig

Court, which is in charge of the Rev. Slater Sunder- land, one of the senior Wesleyan ministers who wan stationed in the West Indies for thirteen years, is chiefly notable for a striking display of natural history specimens. These include alligators. a hawk- : billed turtle, snakes, scorpions, and Hying fish. Two models of hails carved out of etcoanute by natives of British Guiana are very clever pieces of work. A

TUE 114 .OKAT ALE. which is splendidly stocked wilh ini.e;onary literature. phtographs and picture postcards. Mr. J.W Sherlock is in charge. On the opposite side of the stair nay, is the

stall, under the supervision of the Rev.J.o.Liingliton, District Secrelary. The exhibit serve to bring home to the tninds of all who carefully inspect them, the magnitude of the wick which this crganization is doing in the dissemination of the Sc. iptures in all parts of the world. There are copies of the Bible in ninny It-mattes, as well as interesting relics like the havered volume of the Bible which was buried doting the Boxer persecution in Chins.snd a srecime•l of the translations of the Scriptures which were ins- tributed to half a million tOidletti and s..ilors during

in the centre of tho hall, towers up to a height of 301 t, and sires s striking finishing touch to the exhibition. Here Ores! presents —necklaCes, bracelets and elainaware—and sweets are on oak. In delightful harmony with the general 'scheme of decoration is the

with its g,lden dome lain chem. II the Women's Auxiliar. and fancy articles made too large extent in the %suttees are sold. Under the gallery ie a recroductioa of a real

—the women's quarters In an ludian hot se. including

===== 0002601_19110121_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Local players in an Indi

tnlB 141980,411811e5e var. Ilea we stand cf

to the I rooms.

THE lir LPF.,-. i\EIX which ex4we to promote definite prayer on beha`f of foreign missions. Here a model of a 13uddhiit the xiG prayer wheel is exhibited. The I emainder of the body receipl of tie hall is divided into Curt, representing various I mist, sections of the ini.sion field. The vast Empire of '

. -- possesses a spec:al importance for all who are is tl interested in missionary enterprise. The exhibits are well chosen and present much infinite arnriety that a Vest deal of time may be profitable occupied in examining them. There are a large numb, of idols and all the paraphernalia of Chine worship. An object which has a pathetic inter:, the typewt .ei ul by Dr. Macdonald, a miss, who was killed by pirates in South China. machine is 'Mown in the mutilated awe in whi was left by the pirates who evidently made( efforts to destroy it. A wooden collar which arr a mean, of torture in China is 1.11-, there is also a large collect ion of instruments. The Rev. I). W A. Tatchell. missionary, gives graphic stories of Chineei

....... has an attractive Court in which are illu rat, , industriea and cu3torna cf that rapidly devel in VVeepons of war. agricultural impl wat, elephant's foot, ;owl that fearsome article are Prominent among the exhibits. here i a of a native hut, in which is arranged a ti sri skins, The Rev. J. S. Morris, who has had i„n of missions!ry exnerierca in the Transvaal, othr some of the trcublous years of the South Al can 'gives lecturetten on the work. The

S. 4711 INN AN Court afford. convincing evidence of the precti of misgions in fitting the native, to en useful employments. The specimene of nor do one of the missionary refuges in the My so di

[Bir;

in work among the heathen which was not pleasent an] often dreary and wearying, without any supervision by superiors or any 'tope of promotion. He had noth- ing but his own conscience, the" still small voice," to enzourage hint in the work. Conscience. however, was a grind thing. It madecowards of as all and it also made victor. and heroes of on all—at least in our own estimation. ignorance wets the great enemy against which missionaries hsti to contend. Tire went a knowledee woo: the chief her to religions, social nod , every other kind of progteas. Ile !lid not angpeat that ignorance led to n-hot Item hal. It was a negaii ye con- dition and,in the main, did not lead to goo I. It tended to destroy an individual's solf-rontrol and therefore involved a greater tendeney to fall into evil propensi- ties rather than to do ;mak ve good. At the same time ignorance was probably a treater evil than poverty. While wishing from the bottom of his heart MMce . to foreign missionary work, and not desiring to introduce any discordant note, he could not conscientionsly allow thnt opportunity to pas. without espy...ming the hope that they would nlso pay attention to the feet that we had ninny people in our large towns —Warrington, he we. sorry to say, was no Inception— who were I ivirg inns storks condition as the hotithen, who bad no brightmos in their homes or in their liven. The nanitary anthoritien of the country were doing their utmost to improve the physical surroundings of those people but legielation was slow, although ante. Those potpie hal nothing to lien for and the fact that they bed no brightness or enjoyment in this life almost led them not to wish to live a Inturn life. A little touch would place some of them on the right path but others were much deeper in the rni re, and would require a great deal nf effort to change their liana. It we. the social conditions—not merely the state of the dwellings—to which he referred, rind while reiterating hie hest wish. , for the ..uccass of the exhibition, he wouid ask nil present to remnmber those who werento near home. It I.lof no ivonginsrS Picture he had been painting. Ile ! hail been through the shims recentle. and he ventured to any, without any spirit of reproach to his reverend friends, that no religious, philanthropic or benevolent body had ever rea-hed Some of the people in those homes. He prayed God that they would soon he reached. The two branches of work in the slums at home testis the foreign missionary field must be collateral. The

, ' It i I $. d ).. ... t • ~.," .i 'V 1 ) •l 4 I : ' i ~ , \ 1 ' 4 r , 11 ' !. \ N•• i • I .\ii , ' li; • ,1° 4 :.,,, ,thiy. C. ' 'A ... , !. I 4 • ( , • + t ‘ bk \se 7 \\l 1 . 4.. j • . i i 4t ! A ...1. _ A..., \ 4IP ' . . "iSikt,,, t t ," , •t, ‘,. ti ~ , ' i f Pi i 11111311: ' I b'.. '' - te•) At ...1. ..,N., 4.1111N4 A , / „ . . .. , Photo] TH. --

J

===== 0002601_19110121_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
BRAHMAN MARRIAGE. !I Scene which is a popular feature of the Exhibition

rourtyard, balennien and well: Ladiens in .nntivp

I „ th noatum are engaged in e every.d.,y neciipation4 of rookie grinding nee.eleani,'g.and fetching water lion .. we I. In a small and dimly-lighted apartment in Imine,, .nd at the ahline in a tray for the :1 offeringn which are. in India. aptro-

be the hea—thon orie.t. The %owls is ntOor the frection of Mrs. Wiseman and Mr.. Vane, of the Auxiliary. Opyosite the door of the Zenana,

edwing the desolate life of the' outcasts of South ni.. Even in tl.ae dep,ssing quarters the missio,-- sties pursue their high calling with unflagging zeal. undone of them is shown conversing with a group of

Passirg to the gallery, the visitor sees realistic tte tmenie representations of an npium den. African fetish it worship. and the burning Ghat P.enares (the last ,t. at named Montt tying the ambition of the devout Hindoo used to die on the banks of the Ganges.t Around the walls and are raintings on canvas of various parts of the laical oriental ntiseiln field. slice in addition ma the standing festn re* of the exhibi- • tion there are a nutulter of special side-attractions for which a small extra charge is made. Foremost is • td the dramatic representation of land,

BRUM,: )1 ORIA,E

• _ 5. an given in turn by partien of young penole from Bold- unbok Street Wesleran, Wycliffe 'Congregetional and Lyturn model Weeleyan churches. The quaint observance. •ray I •asociated with the rite are picturesquely reproduced. yeers the successive scenes IncM ling the preliminary raring matchrnaling and bargaining. the betrothal, tw-rning a war, worship. and marriage ceremony, closing with an impressive appeal for the child-widows of India. Members of the Bewney-rowl Wesleyan Church and value Legh-street Primitive Methorliq Church appear in a ge in scene of Ceylon Lire entitled " The Doctor and the one in ruvit Priest." illustrating the Power a devil wor.liio. istrict There are also numerous scenes by young people in

===== 0002601_19110121_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
CHIEF STEWARDS.

The following is a list of the chief stewards : China, Rev. E. B. Keeling ; South Africa, Mr. W. E. ?Boston ; Missionary Study, Mrs. Gunnell and Mrs. Keruick ; South India. Mr. Arihur Mounfield ; West Indies, Rev. F. W. Kerniek ; West Africa, Rev. Wm. Cooper ; Bookstall. Mr. J. W. Sherlock; Pagoda, Miss Johnson and Miss Irwin ; Bill, Societr, Mr. J. C. Holland.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
VII: OFFICIALS.

The exhibition engorgements have been admirably carried out by. Executive Cononittee,with the follow. leg I,llicerm r—Chairrese of the Executive, Its, K. Keeling; General Secrets r i ~, Menem. J. G. With inshaw and H. W. Guest r lilsndbook Secretery, Mr. H. S. Atkin ; Treseurers, Mena.. F. A. Hems. and It. H. kleldrion ; klintee Secretory. AIL W. IL kli non ; Literary Secreiary. ele..i. Whitmore ; Publicity end Advertisiug Secretaries, Alesnrs. Walter 1x,,, end S. ' Smith r Exhibit. `secretary, Mr. W. Twins ; Entertain. meld Secreterree, Merin, P. 1,, iticharchion T. Brough sad M warms Seed nod G.E. Guest ; Steges;d Ceptaius, itev. Welter seed, Messre. J. Midler and J. C. Holland ; Sunday School Secreorrie., Menses. Frenk Darien and Wilfred Leigh ; :School School, Mr. John Cpeon ; Ilrepitality and Haileny Arrangement Secretary, Mr George Guest ; Ticker Secretary, Mr. lasso E. Hindu* ; lief reshount Ser.retarie., Nlesdanres F. A. Harris nod S. P. Silcuck ; Music Secretary, Mr. Frank HiCk.l.ll.

Refreshments are provided hj• the following corn. ,nittee representing ell the church«, of the district : Presldtnt, Rev. hh. Sod ; vice-president, SI r F. A. t ;orris ; he. srcreteries,Slm. Harris,Mrs. S P. Silcock ; maitre., overseer, Slits Collins • eserottive, klesdentes S. 'Fitt lor, GriMths end RCi.d, Misses klonntleld, tichardr, and Collin.; committee, Itlesdnmes Dodds, lolley, Duckworth, A. Monr.ll-Id, Nhaworth, Deakin, tsi.er, Within:Maw, Tsylor, Ferguson, W,,terworth, Gore-erA, rlt rues Fer nett, leeward Bennett, '..ley, Vtarburton, au.] Mn. Jones.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
n.:1:6 41..ec

===== 0002601_19110121_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(pl

===== 0002601_19110121_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
wink ;hem all in face of the necessity of studying how they bore to bring the world to Chic. (Appian.). The Chairman and Dr. 31milton were tbstreed, 411 the proposition of the Rev. W. SUL,. WEEK'S ARRANGEMENTS. The exhibition ..ill c mtinuo until Thursday evening nett. It will be opened each day at 3 p.m. en follows : This afternoon, Cniidren's OJening Cweruony ; Monday, Mr. J. L. Paton, blears...ter of Manchester Grammar S;hool ; Toesivy, Mrs. G. C Briggs ; Wednealay, Rev. John Vunge ; Tourad iy, Mr. R. H. Posnett.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL SERMONS.

Special sermons on behalf of Foreign Missions will he preached in many places of worship to-morrow (Sunday). A list of the preachers is advertised.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

" The Lore of the Princess."

Nit.. C. Watson Mill's play "The ire of tLe Princes," deserves ito popularity. I, theory ate us fr to the trim from of ordinary life triton realm of romance and chivalry ; the tone of the drama it healthy; the humor,, passages are really humorous anti there is abundant scope for good acting The glirter and brilliance of military and Court life give the stirring events u pirrtnrewlue setting and as the title

suggest, there is a love story of absorbing interest. Prince Conrad of l'iderslxrg falls into the bands of "harpers at the card table and gambles away his ancestral home. Seiz-d with despair he is about to take his own life when he is re-celled to his better self by Princess ldalia, heiress t the throne of Navara. It is. case of love at first sight and the Prince makes noble resolves to retrieve hi, character. But he in not albs ed to do this without a struggle against great odds---or the play might end too sooa. The Prince's enemies have him imprisoned on a baseless charge of treason, sth ile an

attempt la marie to force ilia Princess into 3 marriage with the teprobate Kiiig Josef a Horma. Tile

" goas" are mo‘ed to anwlisb and wrath, hut after many a thrilling sitlation the play echo—au all stag- should—in the triumph of rirtne and Lisp tore. Mr Wiltzttni Mill .• Corn.

rotnam dome;

pany gives a performance of m.,re than average meri, and the re In rk,t an .aiotere.tlag vu ..13t. Mr. lank

wal portrays the devotion. Miss Vera forceful -

Harvey ii. handsome and lashing I.illen Conr.d, 'he lover's part with entl4 asiamic Vera Crichton makes !moat as Princess Idaho

yet natural

her acting in the garden anri balcony scenes being particularly goal. Mr. C, pri 4n H. Matthews inveriponatee the trescherou• CC ti,t Nicholas rtanilla with congutainate otl Mr. W. P.alliac A

_ - Owl amusing aunty of Duke Semi, the wealthy puree, Mr. John Batton achieves a noteworthy lucerne as King Josef. and the two impulsive lieutenahts are well played by Mr Charles I 'Connor and Mr. JAM Worth. Mr. Edgar Morgan as Boris. the bibul,als btU obtervant servant, provide, capital hniaour ; Mr. D. Lawrence Doyle is art P-;uce I:AgeOt ; Miss Maud S eeple is a Trene Ramona : and Miss Madge the n 0 quiw pathas o her portrayal of C mgt. is, sister of Mercy and Hernia's Queen. The m.unting of the play is in

;ro.ing Lady

kleytra t-rurh

when, by tb

ex,ellent taste, tho garden scene in particular bring strikinply beautiful. The orehestr.t under Mr. Toni Roothroyd's conduerorship, submits a bright and wel varied programme. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. " DICK WHITTINGTON

Next week the pantomime Dick Whittington will be present.rl by Mr. Inc/lard Nightingale's Com pony. Tho o!d story he. been fairly well adhered to by the librettist, M. Fred Watson, aud with the introduction of new wings. charming music, pretty dances. and any amount of fun of an entertaining and rollicking type, th‘pantomime goes with a merry swing from the opening scene in "Ye OliChespside," until we see Dick Whittington Lord Mayor of London. The pantomime is temarkably well staged, the scenery and dresses being strikingly pretty. Mr. Nightingale haa go, tog,ther a crone coml•enY. including Miss einie Barwick as Dick Whittington Miss Dolly Ron as Alice Fitz warren ; and 11-sirs. Arthur Behan, Billy Sherlock and Johnny Johnston in the comedians' parts. Si:eclat " turn, " all be produced by Miss &pep:line Langley. described a. the finest I.idy rentrilaquks now before the pu.ilic ; the Si.itere Carlin, duettists and dancers ; Little Doha May, vocalist and dower ; the Nigh, iagain t.,tiartette , comedy harmonising vocAlists.

- - LEICESTEI POLICK TO HAVE AUTOMATIC PISTOLS.

„ The Leicester W.tvb Corennttee hare decided that a number of automatio piatrly abaft be provided for the now of the horoogh police in sine!, grave urgency. Detectives end mpecial men will undergo secure, f instrnvtion until a certain wendard of elhciency with the ...tom /a ntiain.l. llgi I regolatioes ecill be nnforeed. and the rules gate [het outer uuo rcom- vtanvea will the killing of 41,3,10 sr erboarete the slayer unlees he he In inarneliat• end ob•iribb linger of natant death or aerituv berm.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
IN MEIT-OHIANI.

•-••• •• Tn ever loving memory of my door Mothert ti,<NAK °W.:N.IO)O fell aalsep January 17t h. I'7. .d 7" year. "Gone. hot not forgott.,-.

- WARRINGTON.—Print4d and Published by 3011 WALKIIII & Co. 'Werriolgton , Ltd., at The gaimmerr General Prhatine Work, Brivraet.k•roet, sad wibliehed by them at the MT* pis.", mil also at 2, The I,ronoiher Otte., Vietnria-road, Wrosso. 3, Georg.-stmt. ST. HILES,. 3. Matket-street. PARLIITOVN, Church-ant, RLIR../R:... Jam fl, 1911.

===== 0002601_19110121_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
...

- FREE It cost. you nothing and will says you pounds In Furnishing

===== 0002601_19110121_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Do your Eye,s Trouble You?

„..1( Do things ever wens tn grow misty end blurred Thss is a warning of Eyestrein and you should lvve your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble. By our scientific testa we could tell if you need Glasses, and in that ease suPllO those which would give the greeteat possible benefst. Call to-day. ARCHER & SONS Eyesight Specialiets, 731 LORD STREET Batb. IW. LiveßrooL

• .1

Anthracite Stoves Once Pit burn all winter. COST OF BURNING ONY ONE-THIRD AN ORDINARY FIRE. No Fumcs-Smoke or Soot. BEDROOM SIZE STOVE, Price 40s. See the Stoves burning daily in the Window. J. S. GARLAND, 51,, 53 and 55 Bridge Street, Warrington.

‘644121414- • • ii:4l°4ll/ 4 is England's Winter Resort. Cornwall offers winter warmth and sunshine, and a climate far more equable than that of foreign resorts. The Cornish coast scenery is the loveliest in Eng- land, and the climate is phenome- • nally mild. • Thnt rrason for the Cornish elsonate. The Gulf stream flows directly to the Cornish shores. setting the lost the effil'l'ssarnesed trr7piirc o„fatr'dePn' ZC'omr3l"in. awl al ."'R eand'l'h"e G booklet. "CORNISH RIVIERA," 3d.. at Offices and reat Western R ailway. Bookstalls, or post free, 6d., (rota Supt. of the ffine• Paddington station, W.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS PUN CONSIDERABLY REDUCED. Cbeapside, Hampton, Oston. August 3rd. 1909. Gents—Having suffered for many year. from Chronic Rheumatic Gout I should like to tell you tithe great benefit I have invsrinbly received from the use of yea pills. If 1 take a dose or two immediately on finding an indicationof corning trouble it frequently pawnor!, hut in every attack I can truthfully say that the pain therefrom IS CONSIDERABLY REDUCED compared to the time before I used your pills, and the attacks do not last nearly so long. I have recommended them to many fellow waterers from thin painful complaint and have always heard that good results hove followed their use. Thanking Yours gratefully. J. H. HARVEY, El-Inspector Met. Police. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly reatorative Sold everywhere in bottles Is. lid. and 2s. 01. or post free for stamps o r P.O.by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Doswell road London. •CAD'R'S GOUT

Widnes Ne. 2 , 10 ... 3 ... 7 ~. g • St. Paul's Set•OND DIeIsION. P. W. L. D. St. George's Widnes No. 1 St. Paul's Widnee No. 2 Pariah Ch. lest lO ... 5 ... 5 ... 10 St. Clement', Trinity Pedgene —.---..--- WIDNES TRANSPORTER BRIDGE. Ratepayers Decide to Take it Over. At a largely-attended meeting of Widnes ratepayers, held at the Town dell on Thursday afternoon, the Town Council were empowered to promote a Bill in Parliament for the taking uvet of Widnes end ituncore Transporter Bridge. Aldermen Cleesage said that Mr. Basil Mott, the celebrated engineer of several London bridges scrotal the Thames, hod reported very favourably on the ti ens- epode, It wee proposed to spend between £5,000 and I:10,000 on the structure, and to subsiitute endless rope i haulage for the present electric tractinu. This would nieces reduction of 25 per cent in die weight of the cid, end would probably result in the CAT service being every ten minutes insteld of every twenty as at present. When the public were assured of the ebsollite reliability of the bridge a great iucrease in traLic might be expected. The Nlayor intimated that the Lent shire end Cheshire County Cauncila had been most sympathetic . to the project. and would probably corn dilute co the , bridge on the ground that it wee. " main rued " from ~ ~ Lencathire to Cheshire. • ~ 95 There was some opposition to the scheme, Colonel .. 2j Saws severely criticiling the Council for what he , 26 called its policy of eettreti remiss over the bridge. If the _ Council bed been a private company leaning a pros- -321 pectin, they would have had to give eatimetes of income and expentiture, •nd he contended that the public, who u-tiold be toe shareholders, were entitled to figures of this kind. There were only three dissentients to the proposol to . Ft; take over the bridge. . 40 .MO • • . S 4 . ... 1(.0 . eh rioRP—A/Clll3 455 - St. NURSE KNOWS the value of 39 1110 Horlick's Malted Milk in the nursery. It is a oniuor preparation of pure Cowes Milk aod Malted Barley and Wheat. in powder form, partully pre-digested and is without once) ate bone. bruit and muscle forming food for .... cluldten. No &doled milk or cookie, la required with e—, traT.,..b'....,5.4,-le - eel von.-,,.". a) In bottles 111, 316. I lb+ 41, Free samples on application to HoxLICK.S MALTILD MILK vA,,,iiii Co.. Slouch. Bucks. ! lALTED MILK -- ,NDIOESTION 1.._ _ re. MUGU in the only real end guaran- -9 cure for Indigestion, Stomach Troulnes. 1 many She Complaints ; does not purge. li topic to the whole bode. Scores of so. led 'lncurable" cases are cured event week. a Free. rid. and 70 Free Trial for ratped to'- ,e. Ashford+. Cheedsts. Ciaohnon. London

_ 0 0 . DYSPEPTIC PEOPLE : o 0 A are often unaware that anything. serious Is the matter wMt them. They •re prone to A • imagine that their ailments will go as they came •• pass awa, of thein.el, on. Quite • 0 possibly there Is at lint merely a touch of indigestion. lay erishne.s. or some similar 0 i trouble, eastly cured by the right means in the initial stage, but which, il neglected. A r may result in more grave conditions. Ihe earlier symptoms point to a disordered c ?i state of the stomach and liner. then tithe time to realise that Ilse tunctions of those 0 ' important organs can be QUICKLY RESTORED . If recourse be had In the bed ol all family medicines - Beecham's Pills. These pilla do 0 1 what is claimed lor them : they Influence quickly, naturally, and ellectively. the stomach. liver, kldne,s, end bowels. cod stimulate them into healthy action. They dispel headache, banish depression, and raise the tone of them hole system. Digestion la established, health renewed, and cheerfulness Induced BY TAKING $ 0 BEEcHAmis PILLS. • • :.....___o A • SeAd everywhere in boxes, price 1!I i (58 pillsl& 2,1) (168 pifis, m

BRITISH COLUMBIA. INCREASING PROSPERITY, DRI REASING TA ,TIO, A mint dealrable country tor British pimple to nettle in. Climate and Land woll adaptor/ for Fruit Growing Dairying & Mixed Farming, Horse, Hog, Cattle & Poultry Raising VAO Minorol or nEt II und,oloped. Dlrilketii not, ot hand and pricers good. Free Education. Good Lana. Full information iron of ciboria on application to J. H. TrItNF.R, A,o r GENERm..

BUY MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE NEWNAU. & MASON, NOTTINGH•M. TAILOR-MADE SKIRTS. WELL-FINISHED. PERFECT FITTINIL We challenge the world. and Our value Is unequalled. Be, from the Merchant, Slid save middleman's profit. 2 11. Order Now. Don't Delay W., sell you them.. flurt.. •• oleco.nt,„.llt7o. Irtit.t.ra: • t - . • Tllll BEEHIVE W *REHM SE, 107, 105 Trafalgar Rd., East (J,,0,,. Ich, London.

!GLOBE' I R Furnishing Co.,' J. . (~0.. Prvprietor. Pembroke Plane, ILiverpool. Largest and most Reliable 111 NOUS:: FURNISHERS. For Cash or on our Easy Payment System I Our System of Furnishing I Ii s better than all others. REASONABLE PRICES, RELIABLE GOODS, NO EXTRA CHARGES 1 LOCAL DELIVERIES I lIN PRIVATE VANS. GUARANTEE We guarantee entire satisfaction or will return in full all money paid. I A Discount of 2-in I I the £is allowed for cash off our marked Catalogue prices. Goods sent to all parts carriage paid. Safe delivery guaranteed. s I—TERMS.— 1 Which can be altered to suit the —convenience of Customers.— For ito worth you pay 76 monthly. Zzo—ls - monthly. £3O-.—iy month: y. : f.;50--276monthly. £too-55/-m mthly. • I L5OO-1.12 monthly. I

GLOBEI . Furnishing Co., •1 Pembroke Place, Liverpool.
