===== 0002601_19110930_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
HILL CLIFFE BAPTIST CHURCH

REV. GEORGE CURTIS will commence his Ministry at the above Church TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER IsT,

SERVICES at 10.45 end 6.30. ALL SEATS FREE.

HYMN BOOKS PROVIDED.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
HEARTY WICLCOME TO ALL.

BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCH FORD. JUBILEE SALE OF WORK IN THE SCHOOLROOM, ON THURSDAY & FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12m & To be Opened on THURSDAY, at 3 p.m., by MRS. A. H. CROSFIELD. Madman : JAS. KENWORTHY, &ry. ADMISSION: Adults, Si; Children, Id. To be Opened En FRIOAY, at 3 p.m., by MR. T. FORD. Chairman: REV. JACKSON STEWART CHEDBURN. ADMISSION FREE. FANCY, PLAIN, and DAIRY STALLS, &c. Refreshments at Moderate Charges.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES, 1911

PARISH CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBER IsT.

Holy Commnnion Matins, Choral Celebration (Eyre in E fiat) and Sermon 10.30 IMO. Service for the Young 3O p.m. Evensong and Sermon ANTHEM : "Thou visiteat the earth " (Calkin).

PREACHERS :

MORNING, the Rev. CANON STEVENSON, M.A., Principal of the Training College, Warrington. Evolow, the Rev. CANON WAINWRIGHT, M.A., Vicar of St. John's, Altrincham.

Offertories for Assibtant Clergy Fend, £5O required. Gifts of Flowers, Fruit, Corn, and Vegetables will be gratefully received at the Church on Saturday. Members of the Congregation are requested to he seated early at the Evening Service in order to avoid disappointment. FREDERIC W. WILLIS, Rector. JAMES G. CRAM, EDWARD ISHERWOOD,' Churchwardens.

ro, Plat, only % rows), early doo fatly door OLD FA ,

===== 0002601_19110930_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE UNION OF WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATIONS. ANNUAL COUNCIL MEETING 1911. will be held in PARR HALL, WAERINOION, on WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11th, (11 a m. to 1 p.m.) SUBJECTS AND SPEAKERS :

1. PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS, MRS. STEWART-BROWN. 2. DISESTABLISHMENT OF THE STATE CHURCH IN WALES, MRS. ELLIS GRIFFITHS & MRS. JAMES BLISS. ,3. GOVERNMENT INSURANCE BILL. MISS CICELY CORBETT & LADY A. HAWORT (2.30 to 5 p.m.)

4. HOME RULE. MISS PATRICIA HOEY (Irish League) and MISS CROSFIELD. 5. The LOCAL GOVERNMENT QUALIFICATION BILL. MISS BERTHA MASON & MRS. ELLIS. 6. WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE, MRS. STEWART-BROWN Is MRS. BARTON

NAT ARRINGTON TINTON ASSISTANT MASTER of the WORKHOUSE Applicetions are invited from persona over n of age for the *bore appointment. The salary will he after the rate of £45 per annum with ratiors, stashing atd apartments. The emoluments are VII ined at £lO per annum for purposes of the Poor Law Officers Superannuation Act. Further particulars as to duties can be obtained application to the Workhouse Master. Forms of applicstion can he obtained from the under- signed, and the application forms most be filled up it the candidate's own handwriting and returned to ma not liter than 10 a.m. on Friday, 6th October, 1911. HY Order. ARTHUR BOTTOMLEY, Clerk. BeSney Chambera, Werlineol:l, 27th September, 1911.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
LANGLANDS' SATLINGS to GREENOCK GLASGOW.

" PRINCESS 11.061S.IF—O.:• otb.r STEAMER Pmm LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW.

(Clarence dock). Sat. Sept 30, 2.30 pan. *Train from Glasgow (Contrail tisGmenock (Central SPECIAL REDUCED THROUGH TICKETS Don Warrington, &c. Single, Ist class & ssleon 13..10d. : 3rd clam & saloon 12a 6d. ; 3rd class & steerage is Rernrn (valid for two months) 3rd class & saloon 19s

(lieitTs'iroe.-2i--28.ilorth side)

_..—... SfECIAL 10 DAYS EXCURSION TICKETS 3rd c!sas a saloon 16s. 6d. : 3rd class & steerage Is. fg M. LANOLANDS tc SONS. 14. CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER. BROWN'S BUILDINGS, EXCHANGE, LIVERPOOI

===== 0002601_19110930_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE MICHARLMAS QUARTER SESSIONS.

N°leuclOPßEENic?-fit:ti.A.4 the GENERAL County of Lancaster will be holden at the Castle of (Attestator, on MONOAY, the lath day of OCTOBER NEXT, at elevvn o'clock in the forenoon, and by vdjournment at the following places and times, viz.:— At the Court Bonne, in Ptes.on, on WEDNESDAY. be 18ita day of OCTOBER NEXT, at ten o'clock in • foreno, n. At the Assize Courts, in Manchester, on MONDAY 2:3 / he rd day of OCTOBER NExr, at half-past tee t'cicck in the forenoon.

apool

lilAt the County E.e;sions House in Lirrrrpool, on IaTESDAY, the Slut day of OCTOBER NEXT, at half st ten o'clock in the forenoon The Solicitors engaged in Prosecutions at the said Sessions are requested to take notice that all Deposi- tions and Instructiors for indictments are required to re sent to the Clerk of the Peace's Office seven da3s I least before the said se,ions respectively. HARCOURT E. CLARE, Clerk of the Peace. Clerk of the Peace'. Office, Preston. 29th September, 1111.

liess

FREE. FREE. FREE. TO ALL USERS OF A GENUINE EDISON PHONOGRAPH

1 Moat Useful Article) will be sent post free on receipt tf a ed. postcard, giving type of Machine—Gem, itandard, or Home—and Special Number of Machine, to JAKE GRAHAM, 76.76 a, RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL.

iltfasey.—Provincial Union Rank, LIU to F.:alio° Note of M hand alone or other security: strict privacy:fair a; easy repaymerit.-Manager,37,l:nicn

)Literals

===== 0002601_19110930_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
£3 TO 11 000

THESIS THE ONLY OFFICE WHERE PRIVATE 1 LOANS ARE GRANTED to all persons worthy of credit sitbout publicity or Money-Lenders' routine. If you require a PRIVATE LOAN, and honourably intend to repay. then waste no time on tempting adverts. It is admitted by hundreds of clients that our business is conducted in a straightforoard manner. Repayments can be arranged la follows, or as mutually agreed upon. £5 loan 1/6 weekly £56 loan 10/. weekly £lO „ 3/- weekly I £lOO „ 101- weekly £25 „ 6"- weekly I £2OO „ 35/- meekly Interest from. 2s. in the Z. _

No cOl;;;;ZO; with an, Or;.; Office. M. SEFTON, LTD., MISS COTTERILL, MANA GERMS, 81, CAIRO STREET. WA It RINIYTON.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
2 McDOUCALLI SELF-RAI 3INC FLOUR DEuctors • YORKSHIRE PUDDINGS

===== 0002601_19110930_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH AFFAIRS. NOTES FOR IRISH READERS.

CARSON'S BLLTI.F AND BLUSTER.

The great Orange Anti-Home Rule meet- I ing demonstration has come and gone. It must be confessed that a "declaration of faith," c:nstructed with lawyer-like discre- tion, from Sir Edward Carson seems, to the ordinary observer, to be a very flimsy foundation on which to base a "death struggle" against the decrees of the elective assembly which we call the Imperial Parlia- ment. But it is the best that the Irish "Die Hard," apparently were capable of in the very inauspicious circumstances in which they find themselves owing to the copious emissions of blatherskite in which it has been their custom to indulge. Of all the hollow pretences they are attempting to set up, the claim that the country is not to be consulted on Home Rule is, on every ground, the least convincing. For is it not patent to any man with the least facility for political memory and consistency that the country was consulted on Home Rule at the last two elections in the most direct and specific manner? The Unionists themselves saw to that. Mr. Balfour, Lord Lansdowne, Mr. Austen Chamberlain, Sir Edward Carson—the preacher of high treason—and his Falstaff's regiment, took the surest possible means of eliciting the opinion of the country on Home Rule by making Home Rule the first and most con- clusive reason why the Veto Bill should be rejected. Besides does any sane man imagine that if there were an appeal to the country to-morrow on Home Rule and if the country once more pronounced in its favour, no matter how unequivocally, that Sir Edward Carson and his treason advocates would accept the judgment? When the Veto Bill was adopted by the country, twice in succession with the fullest knowledge that its passage meant the passing of Home Rule, did these gentlemen accept the verdict of the country on the Veto Bill? The demand for another appeal to the country is as dishonest as the claim that the Protestants of Ireland would be discriminated against under Home Rule, and those who make it, know it full well.

TORIES READY TO COME TO TERMS. Consider the further point of the readiness of the Tory leaders, at a comparatively recent date to come to terms on the Home Rule question, which readiness the high priest of rebellion, Sir Edward Carson disputes. Th 3 autumn of 1910 is not far removed from present-day affairs and at a Conservative dinner held in Wimbledon on November Ist, 1910 this is what Mr. Chaplin said : " If anyone could devise a remedy to put the so-called Dominant Partner in a more equitable position, he would not decline to consider it." The Tory Press of that time, obviously expecting a " deal " at the Con- ference on Home Rule grew wonderfully enthusiastic in support of Home Rule "The Daily Express, "arch-enemy of Irish demands earlier on, adopted the assuring headline " The New Home Rule" and openly wrote of a settlement which had as its main feature readjustment of Ireland's relations with England and lastly we may cite the considered words of the most powerful writer the present Unionist party possesses, when the seer of the " Observer " Mr. J. L. Garvin wrote" From Mr. Redmond's programme of poperical Home Rule every suggestion of separation is explicitly eliminated. If Mr. Redmond is prepared to repeat and develop these declarations when he returns to this country and afterwards to stand by them. . . . the Unionist party in our conviction will be morally bound to confer with him." If Sir Edward Carson, indulging one moment in effusive expressions of loyalty to the Throne, and in the next unfolding a scheme idly threatening to subvert the Government on which that Throne rests will cease from his foolish display of what really constitutes treason-felony, if it were seriously regarded, and consult the plain facts of the case he will surely pause before he makes himself a laughing stock in his proposed march on Cork from Belfast. SIR A. CONAN DOYLE RECANTS.

From Mr. T. W. Russell, the man who did more than any other ten men to defeat Home Rule in the eighties, Sir Edward Carson is receiving daily refutations which must be disquieting to the Orange Party. But pro- bably an even more disconcerting document is the letter on Home Rule which a Belfast Tory paper in an evil moment drew from Sir Arthur Conan Doyle—another former 1 opponent to Home Rule and now a complete supporter of it. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle found he had to sink a good many of his old Liberal principles when he became a Unionist. He fought , two elections determinedly as a Unionist. I He wtN a most valued speaker or Unionist platforms and he has now been converted to, Home Rule by the conviction that conditions, existing been England and Ireland have undergone a change which renders the grant- ing of Home Rule to Ireland not only perfectly safe but a in Ater of high Imrerial concern. Like a good many other Unionists, Sir Arthur, who had an exceptional personal knowledge of the racial conditions in South Africa before

and during the war, has been deeply impressed by the healing effect which Home Rule had on feuds there which but a few years ago appeared to be absolutely incurable. When Lord Norton, a Tory peer, the other day declared his open mind on the Rome Rule question he was speaking for thousands of Englishmen, who, fierce opponents in the warring times cf the eighties, are now approaching our position along the eminently rational lines explained by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and it makes more certain than ever that Sir Edward Carson's attempt to bluff the English people by the bluster and noise of Orange place-hunters is fore-doomed to ailure.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF.

WARRINGTON CLUB. •Pir.al for Club Prize (Ladles) 270 September. 1911 : Miss K Picton fs ... 9 ... 96 Mine D Picton lOl 7 91 Mies D Richardson lOB ... 4 ... 104 Miss M. Bainbridge Man 13 Hall 124 24 .. 100

===== 0002601_19110930_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
SEASIDE BATHING TRAGEDY.

While bottling on Wednesday afternoon at Overstrand Nerfolk, a mote ponied Daisy Cox. aged 21, of Manat- ee., Hootiandon, was eho% and. It is Fettered that mho went into I). aster teo soon after dinner. She woks seen to he in d fricul t rad entre gentletnen made an attempt at reecue, but % ttlioct succets. The body was recovered.

A Celery telegrora ewe ihat rn Toesdey night a !surer mewed lisvereab while sitting at his fireside, wits fired at through the window, a number of pellets odairg In his lead. A dvetor removed some of the Mots, sod it is leli.ed that the wounded men will /recover. The cutiage is sttlitided to a dirpole about one lard.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
IsYMNI IN THE MARKET.

OUGHTRINGTON ESTATE SOLD.-SALT WORKS PROJECTED.

BIG DEVELOPI

The sale of • considerable portion of Mesas. Lever bros., Ltd. (Port Sunlight, recently acquired Oughtrington and Beecher oil estates this week a roused great interest, as was evident at Lymm Drill Hall on Monday and Tueedsy, when hundreds attended the , public auction. But this sale was the least thing thought of when the estates were purchased from Mr. G. P. Dewhorst, of Oughtrington Hall. Rather did the prophets, judging from the activity of Sir William I Lever in regard to the housing ,piestion, affirm that here and there over the whole district garden cities would be dotted, to which Ole toilers in the immediate towns —Warrington, for instance—would thck. But apparently this was not the intention. It was me relf a business proposition on the port of the purchasers, who procured the estates ia order that they might develop the sat in Heotlry. And so mat of the remaining part was put in the market. This consisted of farms, small holdings, two fullydicensed houses, residential properties and building 'atm comprising i a all 1151; acres, and bringing in a yearly rent rl of 4:1,401 I:is. Lymm Lake and the tictureeque land of plantation surrounding it are also for site, but the Lyn= Urban Council are negotiating and one wishes them every success, for such a delightful place could not be in better hands. The public would certainly welcome any step which would preserve their access to one of the most popular of Cheshire hesury cpots. It is stated that plans have actually been prepared by Mr. Seger Owen for the formation cf a boulevard passing through the land. The proposed new cord will be 80 feet wide, with an 18-foot carriage way, bounded on either side by grass tracks and fo ,tpaths. The new road will commence at the Warriegton end of the land and open out into Penny Hill. There is also a

===== 0002601_19110930_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
[ENT SCHEME.

SOME BIG _LOTS,

£7,001 was first offeror" for Fos ley Hlll Fa-to, a corn- pint holding of over 179 acres, including a picturesque farmhouse occupied by Mr. S. W. Gould, the sell- knovro egricuburist. It brings in a !enrol of £371 per annum. At £9,300 this lot ems withdras . . . .

Mr. T. Kingston Clarke. of Altrincham, purchased reversl lot. cooing in all £2,610.f1e bought Agden Br, Farm, ha. Ir. 24., Ist to Mr James Whittaker for £7O per annum, market go Man land, Burford-1ane,9.., let to Mr A Perkin st a rental of £22 100, £312 102; fire ammo. of arable land in Burford-lane, occupied by Mr W Shakeahafr, rental £l3, £lB7 104; ten acres of accommodation land, Broomedge, let to Mr Shakeshaft eta rental of £2.5. ENS ; the adjoining held, comprising 3a. 2r. 21p., rent £22, £315. Agden-lane Farm, a holding of over 65 sown, was withdrawn at £3,150. LAND AND COTTAGES. - -

The other aftarneon sties were as follow : —la. Sr. 16p. pasture land, Burford-lene, rent £3 per annum, sold to Mr 0 11 Wainwright, Monton, E?,cles, for St. Or. 22p. arable land, Warrington-lane, -ant £6 108,1 Mr S Jackson, Hiels Legh. E. 20 ; la. Ir. 32p. pasture land, Warrington-lane, £5, Messrs Newton, Son and ftlenchester, ; 3a. Or. 0.3.5. arable land, Altriucham-road, £B, Messrs George W Hartley and Sons, Manchester, £200; in. Ir. 22p. arable land, Altrinobam. road, £3, Messrs Hartley and Sons, £72 108 Broomectge smithy and wheelwright shop, rent £lB 30, Mr James A Wright, of Manchester, £345 ; pair of cottages in Agden-lase, rent £l3, 31r Philip Chorlton, Agden-lane, Lynim, £220; cottage and garden, Altrinchem-road, rent EG, Mr Ismay, £175: Broomedae post end telegrepb °Moe, rent £2O 13s, bought by the tenant, Mr 10 Walton, £100; five cottages near The Jolley Thresher Inn, producing total rentals of £4O 4a Etd, Mr J Jackson, Broomedge, £5lO ; three cottages in Burford-lane, total rentals £lO 10v, Mr S W Gould, £235 ; smell holding of 2a. Sr. 26p., near Broomedge corner, rent £1.4 10e, Mr II Wright, Ancoats, Man- chester, £lOO ; house and paddock, in Burford-lane,

- '...- ',l* ' , • . ". "".- f . ' , . .. :,,,....#;.„ „lot . ' '' ' ' . ' iiiii.4,:..-1\ ~, •.,...._. .. . ..,. v., 11,1:,. L. .- '' I '-'. .77. nt. • • 4144 •„,f4,,P:4i.s' ..- '%.-... ~--- -- kla *ow - Ak- - ,ik 0 • lel IV, i, . ." .. . .'...:.' . 5 - ,T. .0.;,... . -.-t 1.. , g„, ,ft.t'<..•7. ' l ,- - '44 uu . N et.4..,„7.:•ii. ~,- - , . . r 4 iii.. : -..- ; • ;4 ~,.._-: ...-- ',-.--": ,-,--,,,,,...:, . ~..,....,r-..., ...,

===== 0002601_19110930_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
FOXLEY HALL, the residence of Mr S. W. Gould, ths noted stockbreeder. which was withdrawn at £8.:1

post ibility that the Dislr:et Council will take over the waterworks on the estate, for the audio, i'y is in negotiation for this conce.rn. The vendor.' solicitois were Messrs. Simpson. North, Harley & Co., of Livery:ol, and the auctioneers Messrs. Knight, Frank and Batley, I.oadon. In all 155 lots were offered, and the sum realised in the two days amounted to .£51,504 Us. It is estimated th4t when the sales by private treaty are completed the sum will reach £60,00. Mr. Howard Frank c aducted the auction and in opening on Monday afternoon said that Mesas. Laver Bros. Ltd., only wanted the land at Heatley sa that they could develope t'.e salt, and they were selllng the remaining portions of the e.tates which they did not want to keep, and for which they wculd accept very moderate prices indeed. There was an impres- sion in some quarters that the firm bad bought the estates simply on speculation. (Hear. luar). That was not so at al. The property had been bought by the firma just b develop Heatley for erlt making. Thcre were no building restrictions on the land, other than those relating to three tots, and the tithe, roughly speaking, was 'bent 3s. per acre at the most, whi!e the land tax was a mere trifle. Messrs. Lever Bros had offered the lake and the land surrounding it to the District Ccurcil. and it was hoped that the land would be kept as an open space. All the minerals passed to the purchaser of each lot. An arrangement had been made with the London and North-Western Railway Company for an ioproved tra'n a trice thrcu ;h Lymca, commencing in October, and therefore everything was favourable for the future of Lymm. Mr. Frank incidentally mentioned that during t' e last six years whilst practically all gilt edged securif es

occupied by Dr Jarvas Wright, rental £3 2. Mr J H Worham, EAgle Brow, Lyram, £403 : paddock of half an acre on the High Legh-road, rent £3, Mr Warham, £5O. Pour acres of arable land in Burford-lane were with- drawn at £l7O, and a plot of building land near The Jolly Thresher was also withdrawn at £lOO.

The sale in the afternoon realised £25,322 103. THE EVENING PROCEEDINGS.

r The Drill Hall was again crowded in the eveninr, but bidding was far from spirited and no fewer than IS lots were a 'Wrenn. A small piece of land at Statham was not put up for auction, Mr. Fronk stating that the I.3mm Urban Council acre negotiating for it.

Crontchley Hill Farm (in the occupation of Mr. James Gould, the famous stock breeder), extending to over 115 acre., with a substantial farmhouse, when pot ttp the bidding started at .f 6,600. It went up to £7,125 and finding no further offers the anctionser remarked : " Well, gentlemen, we are not going to part with it at that price. We have got a good tenant and we are quite satisfied." Mr. Thomas Hinter, of Hill Cile, near Warrington, bought for .£3:225 Yew Tree Farm with an acreage of over GU, let to Sir. hear; Gibbon and bringins in £149 Its per annum. The bidding commenced at £2,000._

The Cheshire Education Committee through Mr T Ridgway, obtained far £2OO a building site et Is. Sr. 13 p. in ores, stunted near the Grammar School. la. Or.9p. pasture hod, Sutch-lane, £2, sold to Mr George Voltam, 43, Emmett-street, Queen's-road, Cluster, for £47 Its ; 3s. Or. 22,4. market gardening land. nad a wood at Oughtrington Bridge, rent £5 10s, Mr Fentea,, £170; 2a. 2r. 29p. pasture land with a small plantation. Oughtrington-lane. rent £7 ss, Messrs Henry holmium and Sons, Oughtrington. £190; five cottages in Outhtrington, total rentals £39 13s, Mrs RAM Saracen's Head, Warburton, £5lO ; 2r. 7p. of building land, Sandy-lone, ld Thomason mil Sons, £115;

THE JOLLY THRESHER INN, Nrhich was sold La. 1-3 81‘).

with the exception of Canadian incestmects had Higher-lane Form, of Is. 3r. 39p., rent £3l, Mr depreciattd in value agricultural laiAl had well held C Smithson, tenant, for Ego : 5, Ir. 2p. arable its own. lend. Desuserren. rant £lO lOs. Mr D Morrison Throughout the afternoon the bidding was brisk. .mtiireeennr‘i.Alt:rrionucchire;,!ioirnaMs jr,..r.f EE(110 Giwrveisi,i42.oo.; SMALL HOLDINGS FOR CHESHIRE COUNTT lan . £300; la. Or. 13p. land in 11i:bar-lane, rent £35, COUNCIL. Mr SW Gonlit £OO :3. 2r. lqp nature I d IF h • ‘nd '

Lots I and 94—a capital small hold:og at Grantham's Bridge, extecdiog to 19 acres, 1 rood, Z 7 perches, situated in Burford lace, Oughtringtoo and a vsloahle enclraure of accommodation lard of 11 ems 1 rood and 23 perches off Cloghtringt, n•lste let to Mr. John Leo—were put up together. £1 ,600 was bid at the start I and going up in £23 acd then E'Cr the IGts were evento• ally knocked down to the Cheshire County Council oho were represented by Cr•lonel Leel. and Mr. Potts, clerk to tVeCouncil. The Cceshire County Council also tought Burford-lane farm of 1(9 acres 2 roods and 16 perctes in the occupation of Mr. A. Afclotyre for £5,1C0. lhey a'ao obtained fur .£3,4-0 Model Farm extending to 98 acres and In the occupation of Mr. William Sbakeshaft. The farm produces a motel of £233 per annum.

lane, rent Ell; Mr Fentem, £71.46; building' lana In Higher-lano, Mr A Reid, Radley Hill, Watley, £53 : cottage end garden, Higher-lane, rent £lO Sr, Mr GA Cook. Higher-lane, £220 : pair of cottages, one let to Mr. Samuel Leigh, and one to Mr James Gould, rent £l2 2+ 81, Mr CE C.rwpar, £123 ; cottage and isrden, adjoining mat lot. rent £7 16a., Mr. George Ainsworth, Thelwall, £lOO : cottage and garden, Grammar School-road, rent Ell in. Mr John Taylor, 2, Lansdowne Villas, Brooklan,s, £267 ; three cottages and gardens in Higher-lane, Mr .1 H Warhsm, 123 : 2a. Ir. 27p. marlet gardening land, Higher-lane, rent £6, Mr S W Gould, £143: la. Ir. 27p. building plot, Higher-lane, Mr. Ridgway, £l2O •, lair of cottager, Righer-lane, rent £l6, Mrs Crate, South-view, Bromboro Po, I. £235; pair of •illse, Higher-lane, rent £27 19a, Mr E Hulhert,George Hotel, Longsight, £475; an extra lot not catalogued, Mr Fred Ingham, Heatley,

E 995 ; another additional lot, Mr A D Moffat, estate I . Ince, £550 : cottage. Burford-lane, rent A. 7. Mr Ji1.,11 Bag., %bite Broom, Oughtfing, on, £320: 13v. Sr. 1.43. lomat! holding. Statham, rent .E 29 Mr W H Winstanley. Lymin, .C4•Ji 104. Sr. IGp. accommodation land ewer I.3min stxtior, rent £2l 11., Mr Winalanley, £330 : garden acd orchard, Burford-lane. rent El lii, Slr 0 Smith. occupier. ENO; 41. Pr. 29p. pasture land and water. Cherry-law., rent .C 9 104, Heim Rohert Day:ea and , re, Warrior on, fur Mr St John Vigor Fox. £2:O.

I 114 \ /I 0 , ~..Sitt,;`,,. c"- ' - 5 ' it; ';/ 4 . ~.. t , • . , 100 r ....w. ' . . • 4:: 'c - ... ~,,,,3 • . .. . _........ . _

===== 0002601_19110930_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LICENSED HOUSES.

When the fully Hemmed premises The Jolly Thresher " Inn (fete house), occupying a prominent position at ltrcomedge. wets it up there was some spirited competition. 'lb. first bid was for 1.2,K0 and this went up by leaps and ti,qinds uetil Hyde's Brewery of Manchester were unchallenged at £3BCO. "The Plough and Railway Hotel," adjoining Lymm Station, failed to tad Eu.chater, thorph at them m- mencement there was some keen bidding, which started at 13,f,00. No one goirg above LIXO, the atctiotter withdrew the property.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
TLTESI)ArS SALE.

The sale was cmicluied on Tuesday. In the afternoon the attendance wee good. Mr. Frauk 'laid he always- liked tc sell property to old tenants, eipacially when their livelihood way devnient upon the premises they occupied. He wrote to Sir William Lever on the subject, and received the following telegram :—" In reply to your letter of September 23rd, agreeable to your showing special consideration to old ten mut of small property.—LEvitit." (Applause). A Joinere shop and yard in Bridgewater-street was purchaeed by Mr. William Kirkpatrick, the tenant, for £2OO. The rent was £l2 per annum. BUSINESS PRFIIISES. . - . •

Lymm Post °lce and house, leased to the Post- master-General for 15 years from Marc', 23, 19,2, the rent being £l5 per annum was withdrawn at £BlO. The bidding started at £O5O. A freehold shop in Bridge- water-street, used as an ironmonger's establiehment, and let to Mr. J. Rogerson at £26 per annum, was purchased by the tenant at 491 Freehold business premises he Bridgewater-street, occupied by Mr A Goodier at a tent of £'6 per annum were lealcked dowa to the tenant at £3OO. The freehold shop and dwelling-house in Bridgewater-street, let to Mr W H Jones at a rental of £2O per annum was bought in at £365. The freehold shop and house adjoining the previ3us lot, in the occupation of Mr Edward Smi•l3, at a ye erly rental of £l6, were purchased by Mr W H Jones for £3lO. Mrs Shepherd, the tenant, purchased the freerold business premises situated in Bridgewater-street, and comprising 4 shop and dwell ins-house lot at a total annual rental of £22 153. ; she paid £395.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNUAL RENTS.

An annual rent of £ll as Gd. with freohold reversion on residence, known as Wycliffe, Church-road, Lymm. was bought by Mr Arthur Borrows Boompbrey for £9OO. A chief rent of £6 per annum mi 5 pair of semi-detached houses in Church-road went to Mr A H Clive for £133. An tan sal rent of £33 Gs 3d, with freehold reversion on The Limes, Mr Hartley, £750; an annual rent of .£25, with freehold reversion of • pair of semi detached houses knowa an Dingle-view, Mr W H Burgess, .£3lO. An annual rent of £2O 3s 4d, with the freehold reversion encored opus the Con- gregational Chepel and Sunday school, Lymm, was bought by Mr Coot for E VlO. Nir A If Clive bought for £270 the annual rant of EEO, secured upon the detached residence, known as Leckonhy, situated iu Whitbarroweroad. A number of annual rents were also withdrawn. EVENING SESSION.

Off-licensed premises occupying an important position in Eagle Brow, Lvmm, comprising a shop and dwelling- house and let to Sirs C. T Gregson for .635 per annum was bought by Mesas Graensil. Waitley and C 3, Ltd, for £;00.

The Lancashire and Yorkshire Bank premises inalud- log dwelling-house, at the junotion of Eagle Brow and Bridgewater-street, let on lease for 14 years from March 23. 1904, at a yearly rental £37 was withdrawn at £6BO. The other lots °Haled inolu led a pair of ssrai- detached hauses, situated in the main Altrincham- Warrington-road, at a rental of LK 10a per annum— bought by Mr NVareham for £425 ; flee cottages in Church-road, Lymm, let at an annual rental of Ell 12s —Mr Henry Lea for .E 530 : a shop and tw, nett tees adjoining the Nag's Head, and let at £32 10s per annum—withdrawn at £590; four neat Igas in C carob- road, total rental £2B lOu Bd—Mr Henry Lea for £3OO ; pair of semi-detached houses, Higher-lane, rental £4B— at £500; Foxlev Cottage, ingber.lane, In the occupation of Mr W 11 Colt, rental 03—withdrawn at 518 ; Bleak House, Higher lane, let to Mr GI La 'Telford, rental £7s—tho tenant for £1,175 ; the Chestnuts, higher-lane, rental £6s—tenant, Mr CE Cowper for £950 ; a detaobed residence, Higher-lane, let ta Mr A D Moffat, rental EV., was bought after some keen bidding by Mr S H Davies for £7lO.

ANNUAL REM'S. The following are the annual rents purchased :—Mr T Ridgway, £3 17s 911 for £125: Mr James Ball, Warburton. .43 10s for £195 and one of £5 5s for £l2O ; Mr James Radcliffe, three annual rents of a total of £l2 Be, 4315 • Mr Thomas Booth, four annual rents of a total of 16 for .C 362 10s; Mr A H Clive, four annual tents of £l7 Sc 101, for £3Bl. Eight annual rents of the value of £l6 its 11.1 ware sold for £832 10s. A number of other annual rents were withdrawn. Some of these were soli privately. one rant of the value of £42 ls being disposed of for £305. Dog Farm, a plot of building land aid gsrdea of an area of 2r. 7p., a dwelling-lionse let to Mr Samuel Walker at .C 22 per annum, and a block of three cottages in Ought rington main strait, let ate total rental of £26 13s. have been disposed of privately. The total galas for the day amounted t £18,573 12s, making the total sale for the two days £51,504 121.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS

A Lively Scene.

The fcrtnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr G Mather presiding. There were oleo fifteens - Mrs Simi:lvo, Hey A M Mitchell, Messrs A J Jolla;, W GM, A Brooks, W Houghton, W C Brooks, H Lee. J A Hughes, W Flanagan, J A Rushorcrth, J Backhouse, NI W Seton, 0 Allen, A Bottomley (clerk), J F Awbery (master).

ARV. A. AI. MITCHELL CALLED TO ORDER. LIVELY SCENE. .

When the minutes of the last meeting had been sub- mitted, the Rev. A. M. Al ITC HELL called attention to the resolution which be moved on the question of vaccination but which received no seconder. He expressed the opinion that information on such questions ought to be granted on the request of any member, without going thrc ugh the formality of notice of motion.

Mr. RUSH WORTH : If the rev. gentleman could tell us bow we are going to benefit by the information, it might be worth considering. The Rev. A. M. MIT( HELL rose to :nterrupt, but was called to order by the Chairman. Mr. RIS,R WORM I contend we have nothing to gain. If we look at the mitts, in the proper light and ihink how busy the office stall is, we will see that if we are going to persist in getting faddist ideas through in this meaner, it will be most espensive to the ratepayers. The CLERK said he might be asked for information by some Guardian and it he gave it, the msjority of members might be very much opposed to Ins action. It might lbe useful information for that particular member but the members of the Board in general might not like it to be divulged. Ile was the servant of the Board and had to take his instructions from the Board. Therefore, when any information was required from him concerning Union matters, be must have the Board's instructions. .

The Rev. A. M. MiTcriEtr. : I quite agree with what Mr. Bottomley has said to a certain extent, but this is information of which every member of the Board individually ought to be in possession. I ara under the impression that the Local Government Board would support any member in his applicstion for the information. We are not carry log out the rules and regulations of the Local Government Board in connec- tion with vaccination in the House and I challenge you, Mr. Chairman, or the Cork to deny that assertion, Tan CLERK : That is according to Mr. Mitchell. It is not correct. _

Tbe Rev. A. N. MITCHaLr. : I bare information The CHAIRMAN : We will dispense with this. The Rev. A. N. Minium. again endeavoured to gain a hearing. Mr. HOUGHTON. HOW may MOM swam, Mr Chairman?

The CIIAIRSIAN Order, Mr. Mitchell. We don't want to continue this. . .

—.— The Rey. A. M. klirctirr.r. lam quits ia order. (Cries of "Chair " and "Tim.') The Clerk has wade an assertion to which.l claim the right to reply.

The CH A 111 NI AN : We don't need any replies. The Rev. A. M. MITCHELL : The rule is that no child is to be vsccinated in the House unless there is en application made by the parents under two months. I assert— . .

The CHAIRMAN : You asked a question and it has been answered, and now you are raising arguments. l'ou are out of order altogether. Mr. IlouciiToN: I rise to a point of order. I always object to any member of this Board making an exhibi- tion of himself and I look to you to prevent that. Mr. Mitchell ruse to speak and tha Chairman also rose. . . . .

Mr. W. C. Brioog.: The whole thing is out of order. The CHAIRMAN: IA it your pleuore that I sign the minutes? (Cries of '' Yes.") The incident then closed.

ASSISTANT NIAbTEIt'S NOM APYOINTNIENT.

A letter';es.;.;arli;;;"ii;.Herbert U. Todd, assistant master, resigning his position as assistant workhouse master having, together with his wife, been appointed master end matron at the Stone Workhouse, Stafford. shire. He also handed in the resignation of his %He from tie eppointment of infirm attendant and shou4l esteem it a favour If both could take effect on October , 11th. Headed for a joint testimoniel. Ile thanked the Guardians on behalf of his wife and himself for the many kindnesses they had received. They had been most comfortable in their af pointments end Oar onls, reason for leaving was to obtain promotion. The CHAIRMAN said the Board would As pleased to acquiesce in Mr. Todd's request. They were glad he had improved his position mot, in nosing that the re-Pi/notion be accepted, he (the Chairman) lidded that the Board also grant a testimonial end congratulate Mr. Todd. Mr. JOLLPS seconded end the reeolution was agreed to.

On the question of appointing a new assistant mater, the Rev. A. M. Mitchell said the commencing salary previously offered (ElO per anuum aril usual emolu- ments) wan inadequate for the work done. Mr. Jor.ti.v mid be did not atm nod himself in agreement with Mr. Mitchell. hut on the F . occasion there was great force in the ',lint he had raired. The market value of s position of that kind tended upwards. The Ct ear: mid the Hilary paid in the pest Lad not been commensurate with the duties.. . .

Mr. Jot LET MGT d that the appeintrcest be 'dyer-

tised at a salary of 15 with the usual allowances. Mr. RO,uvOuTu seconded. The Rev. A. M. Mitchell suggested £J, hut his proposal was not seconded. Mr. A. HnooKs poiated out that the position was regarded as a stepping stone to something higher and they had a good supply of ctadidates last time it was ad vertieed. fie moved that the salary remain at £4O. Mr. W. C. BROOK ES seconded. The Board decided is favour of advertising the appointment St The question of filling Mrs. Todd's positio3 wee referred to the /louse Committee.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
HOUSE FURNISHING.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. JOHN GEDDES, J.P.

Another venerable and reepeted figure has been removed from our taidat by the death of Ur. John Geddes, J.P., head of the firm of John Geddes and Son, Ltd., Warrington, who passed away at Clifford Villa, Waverton, near Chester. on Saturday afternoon. Although he had attained the ripe old age of SI years, Mr. Geddes had until the last few m onths, enj ,yed remarkably good health. He resided at Et, Bold- street, Warringtoa, during the winter and at Waverton in the summer, and the astral change of residence took place in June last. S 3 )71 afterwards Mr. Geddes suffered a serious breakdown in health and was unable to travel to Warrington again. Notwithstanding the fact that he had long since passed the allotted span the news of his critical illness came as a am-prise to many people. for Mr. Geddee lived an active and useful life and every day he might ins seen walking to or from his nffi mt. His erectness and dignity of bear- ing and his benevolent, patriarchal countenance made him a @Viking figure and, although of a modest and retiring disposition, he had always a kindly smile and cheery word for his many friends. He shunned anything in the way of publicity or ostenta- tion, but did much va'uable work in a quiet way. A geod businessman. be took the keenest personal interest in the o'd established firm with which his name was identified. Duty" was his watchword and, although he did not associ tte hinaselfwith a large number of enterprises or organizations, lie mild always be relied upon for faithful and untiring service in any matter to which be set his hand. He was a great lover of home-life, a man of sterling character— to know intimately was a privilege—and his death creates a gap which it wil be difficult to fill. Mr. Geddes' business life had been chiefly devoted ta the firm of which he was the held—John Geddes and Son, Ltd., tea and coffee merchants. The busi- ness, which has a high reputation far beyond the confines of Warrington, was founded as far back as the year 1816, is Golden Square. It flourished so satisfactorily that twenty-seven yeais ego last November the present commodious premises in Peter- street were acquired. Mr. Geddes was also Chairman of the Longford Wire, Iron and Steel Company, Limited, a former director of the old Warrington %%rater Works Company, vice-chairman and a trustee of the Savings Bank in Buttermarket-street, and one of the commissioners of income, property and land taxes for the Warrington Division of Lincashire. He was aypointed a magistrate by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster in the year ISOI and discharged the duties most conscientiously, setting a good example of regular attendance at the Police Court. He was astannch Churchman and was probably the oldest member of the congregation of St. Paul's Church, to which he was much attached. In politics he was a Conservative but he never took part in electoral warfare.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL

The funeral took place at Waverton Church on Tues- day afternoon, in the presence of a representative gathering. The officiating clergy were the Revs Willoughby Jones (Rector of Waverton), II V Pigot (Rector of Grappenhall) and W Brscseamp (Vicsr of St. Paul's). The service was choral, and included the chanting of the hf th Psalm and the singing of the hymns -On the Reenrrectlon Morning " and Nce. tie labourer's task is o'er." As the cortege left the church the organist (Mr. Lost) played the " Dead March " !n' Saul." _

The chief mourners were Mini Elsie Geddes, Miss Mary Geddes and Mrs W J Burgess (daughters), Mr W J Burgers (son. in- law), end Mr Arthur Burgess (grandson). Amongst others present were :—Dr Moreton and Dr T W E Moreton (farvini,the Mayor of Warrington (Councillor Dr Joseph), Cooncitlois Mules and Creik, Mr T Longdin (borough surveyor), Mr Hatton. Dr Bowden, Mr Proud, Mr John Gilliea and Mr J Dutton (Warrington„ Messrs A Greenough, , F Mann and Ernest Andrea, (from Messrs. Geddes, Warrington), Messrs J W Medi° (Rowtoni, T J Dutton (Waverton), John Davies, T Jones, .1 E Payne and John Walker ((Vaverton). Hugh tdonigomery (Liverpool), J Winne (Bowdon:. R Salmon, Joseph Salmon, Tom Salmon,Archie Salmon and Aston Salmon, tdrs Spilsey, Mrs Willoughby Jones, Mrs R Jones, Mrs Oxen, Mr G liswkins (coschman), and Mr. John Fleet (gardener). Floral tributes were sent by the following :—Mrs Geddes, Miss Elsie and Miss Mary Geddes, Mr and Mrs WJ Burgess, Janet, Arthur and Helen Burgess, lilies Lucy Geddes, Mrs Thistlethwaite, Nurse Bowers and Nurse Hawkins. the 'odour and outdoor servants at Cliff trd Villa. Mrs T Jones and family (Itabin), Mr and Mrs It K Salmon (Rowtoni, Mr and Mrs 'l' Salmon, Waverton), Rev F and Mrs Wllloughby Jones Mini Coson, Mr •bi Mrs James fiephert' Mr and • Mrs Iler zog. Mr sod Mini Cawthon.e, Mr Walsh (Manchester). Mr and Mrs Bodes,, Mr Gibers and Miss Francis (Kirkcaldy)) Mr Davies and family (Manchester), Mr F T Howerd (Waverton) Mr and Mrs Hugh Montgomery, Mr and Mrs John Gi 'lies, Mrs C E Pierpoint, The employees st Warrington, Mr and Mrs John Burgess (Folkestone). The tnneral arrange- ments were is the hands of Meters J. aud W. Dutton, Warriogten.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
REFERENCES.

At St. Paul's Church on Sunday morning the organist played the Dead March in "Saul "sea mark of respect to the late Mr Geddes. to the evening the Rev. E. E. Peters, in the course of his sermon, said that Warring- ton had lost one of its most venerable and honoured inhabitants and that church the oldest member of the congregation. IMr. Geddes carried on the noblest traditions of mercantile integrity and straightforgard dealing, He was one of those whi gave point to Gm saying " An Englishman's word is as good as his bond:' Before beginning the ordinary business ot the %Var. rington Borough Police Court on Monday morning, the bleyor (Conocillor Dv. Joseph, said it was la's sod duty to make allusion to the raising of a very old and highly-respected member of ills Bench, namely Mr. Geddes. Ile felt coevinc3d that all wool] join wi,h him in an expression of sincere sympttby with the bereaved wills, and relatives. He knew the deceased g ',Woman to have been a man of shred d sad hnnour- able business intim. kindly or heart and urbane in mtuner. Although h 3 had arrived at a great age. a pstriarchisl age, he was shard worker to the last, lie felt sure that Mr. Geddes'a immediate re'ati yes and the whole of the people of the district would fest his loss most keenly, and that his name would be cherished as one of Wirrineton's worthies. Alderman SaisruilliST said he endorsed all the Mayor had s&d with reference to the late Mr. (redder, shorn he had known for 31 years. in fact ever sin.* he (the speake-) hid been in Warrington. lie Collili beer personal testimony to his work in connection with St. Paul's Church. His life was an example to all men, as he had led a good and pure life. Some time ago, in the magistmtes room, four members of the Bench assembler, and their united ages were over 300 yaers, two being over '7O and two over 80 Of the fotir only himself (Allermnis Smethurst) and Mr. Charles White were now alive. THE COUNCIL AND THE FUNER %L.

...• . —.—.... At a meeting of the General Purposes Committe held at the Town Hell no Monday, the Mayor aneouoced with regret the dr ath of Mr. John Geddakend intimated that he bad been invited by the relatives to attend the funeral at Weverton. A deputation, consisting of the Meyur end Councillors Birtles end Crsik and the Borough Surveyor, was epoaintsd to represent the Corporation at the funeral.-

===== 0002601_19110930_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
MERSEY DROWNING F4TALITY.

As the result of Vboaling —accident that occnrred some time between Friday night and Ssturday morning , in the bleretty. in the neighbourhood of Dingle Point,. man named Jsmea Bennett, of 3, Wood Cuitages, Ditton, sr. drowned. it appears that Bennett and three other fis'ermen, also residing at Ditton, rowed out t, • fishing ground steer Hale Point Light- bottle. For some reason, e hick is not yet quite clear the boat wan orertu.ned •ni the four men thrown into the river. They immediately commenced to swim for th• shore, MI, ,nly three of them managed to reach it, the fourth leing nowhere in sight. A boat •as secured and two of the men rowed off into the &deem, wet to the skin as they were, in %enroll of their companion. After rosirg for some time they discovered him bolding on to the leel of the itut tithed Lost. but the a ext LottiE tenth, ar.d cuttiug IW Ce Cu men of him.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

Another excellent programme is to be witnessed at this popular place of entertainment this week. " The 13evil's Elbow "is the title of a stirring little drama from the tarn of Mr. John F. Traynor, a popular author. The scene depicts a Canadian farm in the grip of a Canadian winter where the young wife of a settler is pining for the gaiety of London—a great contrast to her present life. Although her husband, whose Inv. for the wilds is untold, tries to console his young wife by the promise of an early visit to England, he is unsucceolul. To break the monotony he invites a neighbour to spend an evening with them, i man in whom he has great confidence and respect. In attending to the visitor's comfort occasion arises for him to leave the room to his wife and friend for • short while, during which time the two plan to decamp that night in an endeavour to try to get to England and arranging t 3 meet at the Deril's Elbow at 11 p.m. Aft, the visitor's departure the wife retires to rest on a Id a of ! sickness and the unsusracting husband it left 'to enjoy his pipe and make his nightly round. Shots signalling for help are later heard coming from the Devil's Elbow and the farmhands are despatched t-. the scene. The wife is carried into the house with the visitor and upon the husband's recognition of her he tffers the visitor a revolver and the duel that is fought ends fatally for the visitcr. Upon the husband's return the wife asks fur her verdict and in reply is told that when the spring appears she can j. urney to Londen but ton further ansser as to what will become of himself replies "God knows." The author and Miss Violet Alwyne as Harry and Myra Ellerton (husband and wife) play their parts to perfection while Mr. A. J. Raehort as Ralph Foster, by his cunning and sham loyalty, adds considerably to the success of the piece. Walter Grahame, the human marionette, earns warm approval for t e portrayal of a number of music hall stars from 1+475 to the present year. By the presentment rf A Eta Be's l'icture Post Card Album a most unique item is witnessed, some of the settings of which are pretty in the extreme. The Hanks create a good deal of genuine laughter in the scens entitled " Hampered." An original quick change character musician is seen in the person of Flu rnettie whose ability in handling, numerous instruments enables nun to execute selec- tions from the well-known composers in a most creditable manner. Stuart Bros. are eccentric ! acrobats of no mean order whilst 'Puree, the Australian !Bushman, contributes a musical turn which gives , complete satisfaction.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
BIG ATTRACTION NEXT WEEK.

' The Gay Cordons.'

Seymour Hick,' production of" The 6ay Gordon..' will be stsged at the Palace and Hippodrome next week, the performacce taking up the whole of the evening. The play opens with dawn breaking on a moor in the Highlands ; presently figures in Highland costume give life to the scene. Then the shooting patty from Meltrose Castle appear, and among them is pretty Petty Quainton, the heiress of the minim: airo American, Andrew Quainton, who, for the time being, is the owner of the shooting and the occupier of the Castle. Peggy has original thoughts on the subject of marriage. Her wealth has tempted many suitors. and she has rejected them all ; she wants to be loved for herself, by some honest, handsome and brave man, who shall know nothing of her position and prospects in life. In a moment of wild inspiration and girlish irresp-msibility, she changes places with Victoria Siddons, the daughter of the proprietor of a peripatetic Punch and Judy Show, aid who acts as " help " to Widow Janet McCleod, the tenant of the cottage on the left. The widow is in a state of suppressed excitement, for she is expecting her foster-son, Angus Graeme. a private in the famous Highland reg:ment, the Gay Gordans. Presently Angus, in tartan and kilt, make,. his appearance, aid the first person be meets is the , heiress iii her masquerading attire. Like the gallant I soldier Le is, the pretty face of the maiden makes an instantaneous impres.ion, and before either of them are well aware of their words, they find themselves. deeply engaged in a sentimental conversation. Peggy is delighted will the young soldier, and plays her part of " help " to perfecti. n. T 1 e remainder of the story is equally fascinating, and should be seen by all. Among the east are : Mr. Edward I.eith as Angus. Mr. Frank Ayrtan as Newy Nat. Miss Katie Yates a, Peggy. Miss Madge Seymour as Charlotte. lull chorus and iacreased orchestra.

The Why and Wherefore

of Rheumatism.

AND THE WAY IT IS CURED,

" Rheumatism has never troubled me since my cure by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills •

In sone Lulli.. 8 Rheumatism is here-

(Mary, which tocli- cates that it i,. a disettee C I the Blood.

In the majority of casts an attack is excited by damp, cold or sudden changes

in the weather : gut

here attain tie lats. chief is clearty dice to the Get that the

8100 l is thin and

impure and tho body unable to vittfitand

,Ve;:t.tVeri:han..r:e4 ;1;:c 111 n TH‘Af Alms-rm. N.:. (FrOVI because Itheumatism is connected with faults in th. Moot that Dr. V. Miami Pink POD, whCcli renew and purify the Dlo id. have achieved their gteat alter:ols in curing an ninny thriusends of cases, one of the latest id' these being that of Mr. Thomas Armstrong. who re-ides at 50, Queen's-road, Aston. Birmingham. Chatting with • reporttr recently, Mr. Armatr ng stated " About seven years ago I had an awful attack of Ithenmatism. The attack came on during 3 spell if damp whether, and sharp rains shot about my licAly until I was almost afraid to move. .

"." I took medicine and bad liniroenta appl:ed Lt Iwaa awn one mats or pain and atiffneas.

•• When walking, my legs seemed to give way under me, and twinges would shoot through my body. WI en in teed at nights my body ~.entrel to Fe cn fire. A choice said that my treuble was Muscular [then- matism. and he ordered me to remain in bed. I continued taking medicine, but everc movement sent twinges of torture thcough me. ate very little. Sieep was dIIMOSI out of the question, and from a powerfully built man I bscAute • ore, k. " I chanced to read an account of a man who bad been mind of Rheumatism by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. So I decided to try these Pills. " After I had taken the contents of two or three boxes the pains did not dart about so much. and I got better rest at nights. AA I continued with Dr. Williams' Pink Pals I was able to take regular meals. 400 the Rheumatism became less acute, and I was able to leare my bed. My nerves were toned up and in time not • trace of Rheumatism remained. :The cure has been lasting, for Rheumatism haa. never troubled me since my cure by Dr. Williams' ' Pink Pills." Send name and address for Cu intere-ting booklet, " DiMINES of the Blond," pt free. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have repea.edly cured Rheumatism. Lumbago, Shooting Pains in the Back. , Sciatica and Nervous Disorders. Of dealers or direct , price 2e. tbl. one lec.c. or Me. thl for sir, post free. from Dr. Williams' Medici:le ('O, It, Holborn Viaduct, London. Insist at they., on Ictixig ha/ plied with Dr. Williams' Pink I ills.

4. . . ,V......... i I(4f ' .. ph, . ,i ;Am.', .

===== 0002601_19110930_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
ROME.

THE ARCH OF TITUS.

By Charles E. Parker.

In the spring of this year I visited Italy *together with my wife and daughter. We naturally spent a good deal of our time in Rome. The interests in this wonderful city, which for several centuries merited the title .of the "Mistress of the World," are so 'many that any comprehensive description is .beyond my powers. A description and an illustration of one of the Arches may how- ever be of interest to the readers of the Examiner." The arch I speak of is the .marble Arch of Titus. It stands at the high North end of the Roman Forum. The old Roman road the "Via Sacra" winds through -the Forum from the North end, rises to the -summit of the high ground, at the South, passes through the Arch of Titus and descends to the Coliseum about five hundred yards away, which gigantic structure stands about the same level as the lower or Northern end of the Forum. The Arch of Titus was built in 82 A.D. to commemorate the seige of Jerusalem. On this Arch are the bas-reliefs representing the spoils, the gold and silver vessels taken from the Temple at Jerusalem. As this Arch represents the overthrow of the Holy City no orthodox Jew ever passes under it ;he

[ OF TITUS C. E. Parker).

So now %was seen of Appian. When stones began to fly, He shook, and crouched, and wrung his hands, and smote upon his thigh, 'Kind client., honest lictors, stand by me in this fray ! Must Ibe torn in pieces ? Home, home, the nearest way!' While yet he spoke, and looked around with a bewildered stare, Four sturdy lictors put their necks beneath the cantle chair; And fourscore clients on the left, and fourscore on the right, Arrayed themselves with swords and staves, and loins gilt up for fight. But, though without or staff or sword, t 33 furious was the throng, That scarce the train with might and main could bring their lord along. Twelve times the crowd made at him; five times they seized his gown; Small chance was his to rise again, if once they got him down And sharper came the pelting; and evermore the yell— 'Tribunes! we will have Tribunes ! '—rose with a louder swell ; And the chair tossed as tosses a bark with tattered sail When raves the Adriatic beneath an es.tern gale. One atone Lit Appian in the mouth, and one beneath the err; And ere he reached Mount Palatine, he swocried with p in and fear. His cursed head, that he was wont to hold so high with pride, Now like a drunken mates, hung down, and swayed from side to bide ; And when his stout retainers had brought him to his door, His face and neck were all one cake of filth and clotted gore. As Appius Claudius was that day, so may his grandson be ! God send Rome one such other sight, and send me there to see. This prancing poetry is Lord Macaulay's but the main facts are historical. But in my excursion into the past, wherein I had travelled not miles, but ages. I had almost forgotten my sketch, and when I observed my arch I found it looked quite different, neither sun nor clouds had stood still on Palatine, whatever they did on Gilboa. All the shadows were altered, both in direction and depth, so I tore up my first effort and began again and on the strength of the nuts and oranges finished the sketch. I ' was so pleased with myself, my nuts, my oranges and sketch that I determined I would offer the drawing to the" Examiner" and lam told it is accepted. This is my first published effort as an artist and I feel as proud as a youth when he has his first shave.

. , -,....e •-..."' I 1 - 4 j , J _______ --,--- —• : iii;' )60 aq, ,- - ..,,,, ..„1... ._ f 1 ___ ..- _ , ~4 ' 1 .1 f,e4:l4c' '' - ' r i ; ~,,..,,- I iti4,o-..„..i d i 1 't, ' ,•;.';';' „,,,:: ~,,. Trt7' ' .„:1 Z, • -....v., try, .. • ' . ... ..' g.,,,,.., _. 1,....:1t, -*.• i • 0 if,,„,,, - l' I- I - ''''''. , -2--- ~. _....—...iimp0x.,..—.0.-- ---- • --112494,—, _....,.........„1,_ _I ....

===== 0002601_19110930_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATEST IN CARPETS.

From thea.cle—sig",;.—oi.their —OW artists, Messrs. Goodells, of King-street, Manchester, have entered into arrangements with a British firm of manufacturers to make for them exclusively a speciality carpet which is oertsin to meet with much favour. The "Allgood" carpet it is aptly styled. It is reversible, seamless, and durable, beautiful in colour and in design, and at the same time inexpensive. Messrs. Goodalls' csrpet show- rooms are stocked with the finest carpets that the world produces, and In their specialisation the firs have scored many success s. By the "Allgood" they are prepared to be judged. They have never before been able to offer such a carpet at such a low price, and they have prepared samples in many shades and patterns which they will be pleased to loan to any " Examiner " reader free on receipt of postcard or letter. Prices of the "Allgood" carpet will be found in Messrs. Goodall's advertisement in the columns of this issue.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ARCH (drawn by Mr.

comes up the" Via Sacra" and turns to the right or left and makes his way through broken columns and rejoins the road beyond the Arch. I could not procure a satisfac- tory photograph of this famous Arch so deter- mined to make an attempt to draw it. I often wonder why holiday makers and travellers all do not use their pencils more and sketch the things they see. Is it not true that we -never see a thing accurately until we can reproduce it? I do not mean that there is not an accurate photograph upon the retina of the eye, but this photograph is not fully conveyed to the mind. Very few of us can ever aspire to be artists, but many might with a little industry be able to draw sufficiently well to get a permanent representation of what we see, which in after years would be a source of interest to ourselves and others. It is only when you begin to put on paper what you see, or think you see, that you realise how inaccurate is your conception of an object. You find that your ideas of form, of light and shade, are altogether at fault. Now in my own case, while I can never be an artist, with practice, mostly in odd moments which otherwise might be wasted, I have attained sufficient proficiency to draw one of those animals that gives milk,—and need not now, for purpose of identification, so that all the world may know, write beneath "This is a But to the Arch. I sallied forth one bright morning when the sun,the oldest and greatest of artists, was throwing into bold relief the high lights and necessarily into deep black- ness, the shadows. Some might think that it would be a very much easier thing to have taken a Kodak and, by the help of this same sun, got a very much more accurate repre- sentation by photography than could be got by an indifferent draughtsman with paper and pencil. But in so doing I should have lost much of the interest, and not known, as now I do, this simple but perfect piece of architec- ture, which for two thousand years has -stood a thing of beauty, and therefore for- .ever a joy. First I had to chose my stand, and selected a position outside the Forum looking westward, and having the Palatine hill as background for the Arch. I had a great deal of trouble in getting my drawing into correct perspective, because, for me at least, I was taking it at an awkward angle, and so had to use rubber far more than I liked. My arch seemed drunk, it would not have stood two hundred years far less two thousand. I was beginning to get desperate when I spied a cheery old woman selling nuts and oranges. We soon became friends and she got some of my centesimi and I some of her nuts and oranges. Nuts and oranges make a good lunch: at any rate in Rome. We noticed many Roman workmen made this midday meal of oranges and dry bread; at times they had bread and sardines. Butter is little used among the working people, the price of this as of many other things within the reach of our workers, is prohibitive. Well, I enjoyed my oranges and nuts ; the nuts I cracked with one of the stones of the Forum and then over a pipe—all artists smoke pipes—I let my fancy free. Here was this stone which I had used as a nut-cracker. If this broken piece of marble had brains and memory, and tongue, what tales it might tell. Was it a piece chiselled off in the cutting of the capitol of some stately column for the temple of a god, or a chip from a rough block in which a famous sculptor discerned a sleeping Venus? Did this piece of marble witness those scenes in the Forum which went to shape the history of the race? Did it see those great assemblies of Roman freemen gathered together to exercise their power and to decide the fate of kings and nations? Was it a spectator in those many scenes of civic conflict which, from their frequency and sanguinary character, make us think that every inch of the Forum must at one time or other have been stained with blood? Was it present at that :memorable scene made familiar to us by Shakespeare when to the Forum they brought the body of Julius Carsar, the invader of Britain nd the greatest Roman of them al,.

brought after his assassination by Brutus and his fellow conspirators at the base of Pompey's statue? Was this chunk of marble there when from the Rostrum in the Forum, by leave of Brutus, Mark Antony delivered his famous oration with the mantle-covered corpse of Czesar at his feet, which oration so roused the Roman populace that Brutus aad his fellow conspirators had to flee the city to escape their wrath. The English words of the oration are Shakes- peare's, the oration itself and its effect on the populace are history. And was this stone handy when Virginia in the Forum slew his little daughter to save her from slavery and shame, and was it one of the stones hurled at Appius Claudius when the roused populace battered him nearly to death ? '

- Then Appius Claudius gnawed his lip, and the blcod

lefais cheek ; And thr:ce he beckoned with his hand, and thrice he strove to speak ; And thrice the tossing Forum set up a highful yell •, "See, see, thou dog ! what thou hest done ; and hide thy shame in Hell ! Thou that wouldst make our maidens slaves must first

make slaves of men. Tribunes, Hurrah for Tribunes ! Dawn with the . .

wicked Ten ! " And straightway, thick as hailstones, came whizzing

through the air Pebblea, .and bricks, and potsherds, all round the

. . curuil chair ; And up n Appius Claudius great fear and trembling

elm° ; For never was a Claudius yet brave against anght but shame.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
~, ----..- id .. , 6, - te!...4.4!„ 1144,-,-;,10 - ' ft, , .i. '.4,5, , C.; e:-.11 ' ~.- c

NOTES BY " OVALIST."

Warrington is to a have County match—Lancashire v. Cumberland---a week on Monday. The new stand and ground improvements have thus brought early recognition from the authorities. I hope members will feel gratified by the honour which the County Union bas done the Warrington Club, and ,take in Sporting spirit the regulation which obliges them to pay to see the match.

There are many interesting topics of conversation in football circles to-day, and one of the most absorb- ing is the Frawley case. The Union had a meeting to discuss the matter on Tuesday, but no settlement was come to and a further meeting will be held on Tuesday next. Warrington are holding firmly to their rights in the matter, and I think the Union will have no option but to decide in favour of the Wirepullers. In that case Frawley will doubtless turn out for Warrington. The yarn which Manchester papers persist in publishing to the effect that Warrington are considering the transfer of Frawley to Hull is all bunkum. It would be as much as the Committee's lives are worth to do anything of the kind.

Frawley's reception on Saturday when he turned up unexpectedly at the'A" team match was a revelation of his popularity with the Warrington crowd, and had a marked effect on the Australian. If be had any doubt of his welcome, he has none .now, and in conversation expreseed his willingness to don the" primrose and blue" once more if the Union decided that he was bound to the Warrington club. Frawley looks exceedingly" fit" and well, and I hope to see him doing himself full justice in the Warring- ton ranks before many more matches have gone by. Two seasons ago he was unfortunate in the matter of injuries,and uever gave more than ozcasional glimpses of the real Frawley. Since then he has increased his reputation" down under."

Stunts, he tells us, is playing a game in inter-state matches, but has put on weight O'Malley has retired from the game, and is devoting himself to business in Sydney.

At,d now a word about Papakura, before we turn from individuals to matches. The Maori turned out with the " A "team at Wilderspool on Saturday, but he would have been better advi,ed had he postponed his debut until he had g 4 iuto something like football fitnees. Ile carried quite a s one c.f superthous flesh , and was consequently very st,tv in the centre. What !little he bad to do he did in a manner which showed that he could play football, tut be will need to perform a modern miracle to get back to first-claes form. Frawley says that " Papa " at his best was the finest fullback he had ever seen. That " best "was only two years ago. So there is room for hope. Would it not be a good plan ti let Papakura tun (Algoma weight la the forwards?

The Warrington men did quite as well as expected last week-end. The win at Barrow was an improve- ment on last season's result, and was earned by good all-raund football. Brooks, Creever, Taylor and Thomas all shone on the attack, and Bradshaw got the best try he has scored for Warringtoa f o a long time. His display was altogether better, b2ing marked by more emfidence and da:h.

At Huddersfield on Monday, the Wirepuller') met their masters. Before the match I wagered a cigar that Hudderrsfield would win by 20 pints, ad when the final score read 21-0, I felt somewhat of a modern prophet. Though steady rain spoiled the game somewhat, the display was full of interest, parti- cularly Iron) a Huddersfield point of view. Warrington rarely did anything t) flutter even a partisan enthusiast's pulse, and if they bad been playing till now I don't think they would have scored a try. The secret of the home team's easy triumph was pace and cleverness. The Warrington threequarters wn.e out of the hunt entirely, though the forwards played a [grand game in the scrumnyige.

Brooks and Creevey burst through more than once but there was no support behind. In fact, on one occasion, there was the remarkable sight of Creevey in the home quarter beckoning to Clare and Taylor to come up and take the pass. With a couple of speedy men behind there was a gift of a try under the pans. As it was the half back's clever break-away was C3M- pletely wasted. I ought to add that, well as Brooke p'ayed most of the time, he had a mad fit at the beginning and twice threw the ball recklessly into the bands of he Huddersfield skipper, Wagstaff, and 8 points debit was the result in the first quarter of an hour. Tilley distinguished himself with a defensive disp'ay which was cheered all round-the ground. lie kept the home team's score down considerably. But what Warrington lacks is a three-quarter line of speedier men, and particularly at centre.

I am glad that for to-day's match with Swinton young Carter is being given a trial. Wallington are a bit inclined to keep promising juniors too long in the " A " team, when they would probably improve quicker in better company. If a lad has talent in him ptactice with better players should bring it out. As an instance, two of Huddersfield's crack three- quarters —Wagstaff and Ifoorhouse—are only 20 years old, and they have both been playing senior football for ' quite two years. These two are, no doubt, exoeptional but they might never have developed if they had been confined to an "A " team. Competition and respon- sibility bring out the belt in a man.

The team for to-day will be : Tilley, full baok ; Woodburn, Carter, Taylor and Bradshaw, three- quarters ; Brooks and Creevey, half backs ; Johnston. Shugars, Thomas, Cheaters, Brocklehurst and Arnold, I forwards. The last-named played a capital game last Saturday, scrummaging and handling the ball equally well, and he deserves his promotion. The man whom something more is expected of just now is the skipper!

Two alterations ara announced in the Sminton team, Evans displacing Williams at centre three- quarter and Preston taking the place of ll'Veigh in the forwards. The team is as IJllows

Johnson ; Parker, Valentine. Evans, Mrrio; Davies (1)10, Wharton; Blears, Bailey, Davies (0. B)., Garirell, Prestm, Randall.

When Warrington and Huddersfield mst on Monday they were level with 7.5 per nen,. each, but the result of the match has divided them by as much as 20 per cent. Warringtin dropped no less than six places.

The Northern League table up to date is as follows: For. Against. Pee- p. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. c'nt'ge St. Helens 4 4 0 0... 9 15 63... 1 3 11 100.00 Halifax 4 4 0 0... 5 14 52... 1 3 II 100 00 Wigan fludderafrld 5 4 0 0... 13 25 103... 5 7 31 8000 Wakefield T. 4 3 1 0... 8 17 67... 6 4 24 7500 Hall K. It 4 3 1 0... 13 6 44... 2 3 13 75.00 Broughton 4 3 1 0... 7 2 20... 5 5 25 75.00 Rochdale H 4 3 1 0... 9 10 44... 1 6 20 75.00 Widnes Keighley York Warrington 5 3 2 0... 5 8 34.. 7 10 47 60.00 !Oldham 5 3 2 0... 9 14 72... 14 17 79 60 00 Huoslet 4 2 2 0... 9 13 57... 6 3 21 5060 Dewsbury 4 2 2 0... 5 6 24.. 5 9 37 5000 Batley Salford Leeds 5 2 3 0... 7 15 59... 13 19 83 406.0 Hull ...... 2 4 0... 12 24 96... 812 52 3333

i 0.1 2 iF:: 9 8 42 2500 Runcorn ... 4 1 3 0... 2 6 22... 7 10 44 2500 Barrow .... 4 1 3 .. 3 9 33... 710 44 2300 Brumley ...4 0 3 1... 3 3 13... 13 21 89 1259 Coventry 4 0 3 1... 4 4 20... 821 79 12'50 ...... 4 0 4 0... 7 6 32.. 911 51 00 00 Bradford ... 5 0 5 0... 3 5 21... 17 27 115 0000 Ebbw Vale 5 0 5 0.. 7 6 32.. 17 25 109 00'00

The A" team to visit Swinton is ns follows . Evelier, full hack; Clare, Dickenson, Critchley, and Shateshaft, three-quarters Jordan and Daintith, half backs ; Harmer, Naylor, Skelhorn, Minter, Bradshaw and Robinson, forwards.

The league matches for to-day with the referees appointed, are : Coventry v Keighley, R H Jackson. Bradford v Hull,J Wbiteley. Brantley • Widnes, E Tonge. Dewsbury v Batley,J F May. Ebbw Vale v Wakefield Trinity, W 11'Cu:cheon. Halifax v Huddersfield, W W Taylor.

Hull Kingston Rovers v York, W H Wool. Hamlet v Led, A Hestford. Oldham v Rochdale Horneis, W K Hirst. Runcorn v Barrow, J Dutton. St. Helens v Leigh, G F Dickenson. Warrington v Swinton, B Ennion. Wigan 1' Salflrd, R Robinson. THE AUSTRALASI.e.Z TOUR.

Broughton Rangers v Australasi I. F Renton, Lancashire v Australasia (at Blackburn), J W Whiteley. Monday, October 2 ud.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
tOOTKAL riTtiLtTli

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

Results of Saturday's Matches.

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

G. T. T Halifax 1 1 5 Leeds 0 0 0 Wakefield Trinity 1 2 8 Hamlet 0 1 $ Broughton Rang. 3 1 9 Hull St. Helens Salford ......... ...... 1 2 8 Leigh 1 1 5 Batley Wigas Hull Kingston ft 3 1 9 Keighley Huddersfield Rochdale H'neta... 2 5 19 llewsbitry 0 1 3 York 2 2 10 Bramlev 0 0 0 Swint°. 1 3 11 Ebbw Vale Warrington LANCASHIRE COMBINA TION. Wigan A Warrington A 2 6 22 Leigh Shamicks 0 1 3 Salford A 1 1 5 Leigh A 0 1 3 Rochdale H. A. 1 1 5 Broughton ;11. A 0 1 3 Runcorn A 0 1 3 St. Helens A. ... 0 1 3 1 3 11

===== 0002601_19110930_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
ORDINARY MATCHES.

Australians MONDAY. Huddersfield 3 5 21 Warrington -.... Australians

===== 0002601_19110930_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
A Win at Barrow.

0 0 0 2 3 13

• Saturday's match at Barrow afforded Warrington no opportunity of gaining their first victory of the season on foreign soil. Both teams were as selected, and a capital crowd assembled for what is always considered I a popular fixture on the Furness's Club's list. Unfortu- nately the weather turned out wet and militated against an exposition of the finer points of play by bath teams. The officials and players were: Warrington.—Tilley; Bradshaw, Taylor, Unsworth Woodburn •, Brookes, Creevey ; Saugars, Joht.ston, Cheaters, Naylor, Brocklehurat, aid Thomaa. Barrow.— Morgan; Bomber, Dolman, Treloat, Gifford; Mitchell, Fallowfield ; Atterbury, Youldoit, Logan, Mason, MoLester, and Brown. Referee : Mr. P. H. Jackson, St. Helens ; touch judges: Mr. W. Hall, Holme ; and Mr. C. Abrahams, Kendal. Barrow lost the toss and startid against a strong breeze, Tilley early putting in a huge punt which went deal. The home lot showed plenty of energy, and by dashing play forced Warrington to defend. Tilley's clearance being especially fine Brooks, Johnston and and Naylor lead the way to Barrow quarters, and there was some good handling of the ball which broke down at Woodburn. A kick by Treloar was charged down, and Morgan was lucky to save from the Warrington forwards. Creevey and Brooks made fine efforts to cross, but the home tanks tackled in desperate fashion. Thomas failed at a penalty goal, end a cross-kick by Bradshaw in front of the posts also failed to materialise. A flue attack by Barrow was only just checkmated. Gifford being beaten for the touch by inches. Dobson and Creevey both got in the wars and had to retire. With play at midfield Bradshav secured, and dodging the borne wing cleverly he raced away and completed a Sue try behind the posts, for Woodburn to kick a goal. At half-time, Warrington led by 5 points to nil. On resuming, Barrow were abort of Dolasan, but Warrington were at full strength again. Very soon Johnston, Thomas and Shugars led a raid on the Barrow line, which had remarkable escapes. Taylor and Brad- shaw combined well and the wing man essayed to kick past Morgan, but in attempting to reach tha oval his progress was barred. Warrington again passed finely, but found the tackling lacking nothing in its keenness. Eventual:y Barrow had a spell on the aggressive end though Tilley was forced over his line he showed all his brilliant resource and a huge kick when hard pressed removed danger to centre field. As the game waged on Birrow shined signs of falling away and pressure was applied by the Warrington forwards. A scare always seemed imminent and the visitors gained. Brookes served Creevey for that player to dodge through the defence and score. There was no goal. The home team did mak3 a few 'spasmodic rushes near the close, but they could not overcome Tilley. Near the end Wood- burn gut away, but hesitated at Morgan, who tickled finely. Result :—Warrington, one goal two tries (eight points), Barrow nil.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Huddersfield too good for Warrington.

Warrington paid their annual visit to Huddersfield on lifunday, the team being the some as that of Saturday with the exception that Clare took the place of Brad- shaw (injured). The home team was short of Bartholomew and Grey and Rosenfeld, but found excel- lent substitutes. This being the second of the Honley Feet games there was maul a tine crowd at Fartown, , 13,003 spectators being present, and paying £250. Unfortunately rain commenced to fall just before the match and continued throughout, Mit the ground was in capital order. The teams and officials were : Huddersfield—Holland, back ; S Maorhouse, E Wrigley, 1-1 Wagstaff, and W F Kitchin, three-quarter backs ; J Davies and J Hirst half hacks; CA By rne D Clark, B Grcnow, H Sherwood, W Trevarthen, and E Watts, forwards,

Warrington—J II Tilley, back ; Clare Taylor, Bosworth, sod Wcodburo, three-quarter backs ; Brooks and Matt Creevey, halfbacks; F Shugars,M Johnston, J W Cheaters, A Naylor, A Brocklehurst and Thomas, forward.. Referee, Mr t F Slay (St. Helens), Touch judges Messrs Adams (Dewsbury) and Longbottona (Halifax.) Gronow started the game, and Brooks failing to return well the home team were a 'on on the attack. A powerful punt by Wrigley was well b .cked up, and the Warrington defence had anxious moments. Hudders- field maintained the pressure and tins vorth failing to tackle Wrigley, the big centre threw to kloorhouse, who scored a capital try five minutes from the start. Gronow failed at goal, and Warrington showed some resolution on resuming, but the work of the backs was terribly faulty, and Huddersfield were soon back again. Brooks attempted to burst through, but when tackled he threw wildly, and Davies mapped up the ball to give Wrigley an easy journey under the posts. Holland kicked a goal. Warrington had been out of the hunt so fur, but resolute forward play drove Huddersfield back. Creevey bluffed the centres beautifully and broke clean away to the full back, but Taylor and Clare were slow in coming up for the pass and Wrigley grassed Creevey after a pretty movement. Dashing work by the home bans led to another invasion of the Warrington half. Davies and Wrigley sant on to Moorhouse who cross-kicked with skill and Davies sailed is easily, for Holland to kick another goal. The match was as good as over from a Warrington point of view, but the men persevered pluckily. Brooks, Cm:worth and Woodburn got away on the left but the wing Man was stopped a yard from the line. A keen struggle followed, and Cheaters had hard luck in not getting through. Half-time: Huddersfield 13 points ; Warrington nil. Thome, re-started, and for a time Warrington held their own, though the attack was poor. Brooks broke away and passed to Johnston but the latter mulled. Warrington again got possession but a reckless pass was charged down by Wagstaff who dribbled right past Tilley and Over the line with a brilliant individual effort, Wrigley failed to convert. Dashing forward play by Huddersfield resulted in hot work on the Warrington line, Tilley being laid Oct in the melee, but the line was kept intact. Taylor inter- cepted and cleared, while Woodburn improved matters with a dashing run on the left which terminated through a grand tackle by Moorhouse. The home lot came again with a rush, and Wagstaff once more got his toe to the ball and piloted it over the line. Near the close a penalty against Warrington enabled Gronsw to kick a goal and brirg the ftwa score to : Hodder; field, 3 goals, 5 tries (21 points) ; Warrington, nil. WIGAN'S NARROW WIN AT WIDNES.

This interesting match was played at Widnes, before 6,000 spectators. The first half was very disappointing, the game being chiefly confined to the forwards. After Sharrock had had a futile shot at goal, George Aspey picked up in the loose, and had only Shirrock to beat. When only a few pHs from the line he passed to Taylor, but that player knocked on, half-time coming without score. The second half was for more interest- ing, the bauks figuring more prominently. The Widnes forwards also did some exoellent dri bbling,and Sharrock was often troubled. In the last minute of the game Thomas started a passing movement, an 1 gave to Jenkins, who transferred to Leytham. and that player scored. Sharrock failed at goal. Result :—Wigan 1 try 13 points), Widnes nil. Teams sod offiuiala : Widnes—Jonea, beck ; Reid. Taylor, Lally, and Swinton, three-quarter backs ; Noon and O'Gara hill backs S Aspey, U Aim, Johnson, Lloyd, McCarthy, and Rigby, forwards. Wigan—Sharrock, back • Leo:than), Jenkins, Todd And Miller, three-quarter back's ; l'reszott and Thorass.half backs ;Seelin, Ramsiale, Williacie, Green,Winatenley, and Myers, forwards. Referee, Mr N K Hirst, Dewsbury. Touch judges, Messrs A Roscoe, Broughton, and T Longden,Swinton.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS ON7EftHELII RUI:CCoRN.

The St. Helens Club chronicled their fourth succes- sive victory when they accounted for Runcorn in no- half-hearted manner. The opening half favoured Run corn for about twenty minutes; when the Sr.. Helena

basks asserted themselves, and from a round of palming Scholes aluffed the opposition and scored an unim- proved try. Runcorn immediately took play to the home end, where Turtill saved from Moore and Bates. The remaining play favoured St. Helens to the interval Jimmy Greenwood running over two grand tries, while Turtill improved one. Half-time scare :—St. Helens 1 goal 3 tries (II points), Runcorn oil. On the resump- tion Flan %au made a splendid opening for Prescot, who ran in between the posts, for Turtill to augment. St. Helens were master' of the situation after this, and first Barton ran over at the corner and in the last five minutes of the game Flanagan was responsible for two brilliant tries. Result—St. Helens 2 goals 7 tries (25 points), Runcorn nil. Teems and officials : St Helen--Turtill, hoer ; T Barton, Molyneur, .1 Greenwood and Flanagan, three-quarter backs; Trenwith and Schcles half backs ; Ben Brien., Pope, Mavity, Prescott, Butterfield and Lea, forwards. Runcorn—Shaw, back ; Moore, Stevenson. Bates and Wools, three-quarter backs ; White and Watton, half backs ; Peacock, Williams, Richardson, Donoghue, Mossby arid _Psdbury, forward..

Referee, Mr A Smith, Halifax ; touch jodges, Messrs Turner, Warrington and .1 Blackburn, Leigh.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION

PAPAKURA'S DEBUT.

The Maori footballer, Papakura, wan the chief attrac- tion at Wilderspool on Situ-day, when he made his first appearance under the N.U. for Warrington " A against Leigh Shamrocks. There was a gate of about 4,000, despite the rain, and the new man had a good reception. Unfortunately ha was quite out of condi- tion and retired half-way through the second half when Warrington had got a good lead. The home team lost the services of L'oid, with a dislocated arm, after ten minutes play, but p.oved superior to the visitors in all drportments. Clare opened the scoring, and Daintith landed a goal. Skelhorn and Clare notched further tries before the interval, and the Shamrocks got a try as a result of weak defence by Warrington, who led at bolt time by II points to 3. The feature of the second half was a brilliant run by Carter, who scored behind the posts after tricking the Leigh backs, and added a goal. Tries were also scored by Arnold and Stelhorn after good forward play. Final :—Warriugton, 2 goals, 6 tries (22 points) ; Leigh Shamrocks, 1 try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19110930_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

ALTRINCHAM DISTRICT LEAGUE. TABLE TO DATE. SENIOR DIVISION.

Goals.

P. NV. L. D. F. A. P. Lostock Gralam 3 ... 0 0 ... IS ... 0 ... 6 Broadbeath 0°6111.6116t0n Anft's 2 ... 1 ... 0 ... 1 ... 5 ... 0 ... 3 Lymm

Illobberley Latchford S ilw Albion St. Vincent', Altrincham Lids Onghtrinaton Park 2 0 ... 2 ... 0 ... 1 ... 5 ... 0 Bowdon Vale LOSTOCK GRALAM V. PENKSTH.

These teams met at Lostock •Gralani on Saturday, Penketh playing a man short. Early on the leaders showcd their superiority, the footwork of the forwards being particularly good, and they gave the visitors' defence very little rest. Daring the first half Peoketh fought pluckily, Silvester (goal) bringing oft some capital saves, and mist of the credit of only being two goals in arrears rested with him, Stephens and Patten. Upon turning round the hams teen kept up a cootintous attack. Their forwards were simplyr brilliant and.on th r day's playit WAS certainly no woods that Peoketh soft wed defeat by nine goals to nil. Al the Lostock forwards scored. Reeves three, Phil. Wilding two. Foster one, W. Wilding one, Dunn one, and Bualdiall (right half) one.

MOBBE-RL-EY V. OUG II TM:CC:TON PARK.

At Mobberley. The home team were far better repre- motet than on the previous Saturday, and a capital encounter was seen. The chief feature of the gime for a time was the capital defence of each side. Mobberley however, were more united forwari and eventu illy ran out winners by four goals to one. LATCHFO RD RECREATION T. OUGHTRINGTON

AMATEURS.

At Latchford, the Recreation were by far the stronger lot, being by a long way the heavier team, and had no dirlhulty in gaining a lead of three goals to one at half-time, increasing this in the second half to five goals to one. Ditobfield (centre half) scored two of these points with splendid long drives.

FRIENDLY MATCHES.

DALLAM_ ATHLETI' V. WARBINGTOS UNITED.

. • Owing to the heavy ram, the ground was in a bad state. Play had only been in progress about 6. minutes when E. Jones scored for Dalian:. During a straggle in the Dalian: goal Waywell was penalized for handling the ball, but Cookson saved. The ball was taken to the visitors' end and a corner was forced by Leah the full- back. Lytbcoe took the kick, which ayes rushed into the net by Waywell. At half-time Dallam led by two goals to nil. la the second half Wayarell early 'scored a goal for Dallam. E. Jones suoceeded in scoring his third goal. Irons also scored for the home side, and Leah scored the only goal for the United. Result: Dallam Athletic, six goals; Warrington United, one goal.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

SHEPHER DS' MAIN.

GIEENALL C3ALLENU3 CUP.

The main for the Sir Gilbert Greenell Challenge Cup held in connection with the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds, Warrington District, waa played on the splendid green adjoining to the Brooklands Hotel on Sstnrday afternoon. The weather interfered slightly with the sport. In the semi-final round Bro. Hugh illtcliffe defeated Bro. E. Cleave 13-7, and Bro. A. Dennett was defeated by Bro. James Lawton 13-12. Toe final was very keen, but Bro. James Lawton, defeated Bro. Hugh Ratcliffe 13-12. CLOSING MAIN AT THE BULL'S HEAD. The closing main in connection with the Bull's Head Bowling Club concluded on Saturday afternoon. Some good bowling was witnessed the main being won by U. Hands who defeated E. Shaw by 15-12. . . _

The pri,e winners were as follow r—l, H. Hands ;2, E. Shaw ; 3, A. Regan . • 4, A. Gleave ; 5, W. H. Eyes; 6, W. Darriela ; 7,1. Armitage ; B,C. Roberta. The consolation closing main was won by John Dickenson, who beat John Swanton. WARRINGTON WORKS v. CALEDONIANS. _ .

....... .... Despite the inclement weather memhere of the Warrington Works Bowling Association met the Cale- donians in a game of bowls on Saturday afternoon on the green attached to the Horse and Jockey. The pro- ceeds were in aid of the Nuning Association and the Poor Children's Summer Ciro!) fund and though there was not each a large attendance at tha match it is expected that these two beneficent organizations will reap a good sum as many tickets were sold at the various works. A source of disappointment was the announcement that the Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph) was unable to be present, as many looked forward to witnessing the chief magistrate manipulate the woods. The games played were of • keen nature, the sc,res being u follows : W ARRINGTON WORKS._ CALEDONIANS. _ .

Mr Hy. Hope ll Mr C Lvigb 2l Cone. Halliwell (Capt.) 15 Mr G Bowman (Copt) 14 Mr G Bill (Sub-Capt.)... 21 Mr W Murray (S-Capt) 20 Mr T Hackett l2 Alderman Forshaw l5 Mr H Rushworth Mr. S Allen l5 Councillor Steel 2l Mr A Webb Mr J W Plinston Mr 11 Dointeth Mr A Scott 2l Mr F Redfern l5

Mr IJeffery Mr Ike Makin Mr Vio. Halton] Mr F Miller Mr .1 Howarth 19 Mr 0 Marshall Mr 0 Cliv e .......... ........ 8 Mr W Buckley l5 Mr Ft Jefferoon 2lr A Cleave Mr T Dean Mr J Smith 2l Mr A Lose Mr T O'Brien s. . 21 Mr Dll Hodge ...... ... 11

337 Works woo by 23.

Several speeches were made at the conclusion of the match. Mr. WILLETT said that, although the elements bad not been favourable for bowling, the games had ' proved very enjoyable. Their only regret was that more people had not been present, but, fortunately, many t:ckets had been sold for the benefit of the fun&i. Applause). Mr. Joss.mr Tavuo: mid he was glsd that the match had been pls)ed for such desarving charities. ;Hear, bear). Alderman Fousii•v: remarked that the weather had not been pleasant, but the games bad certainly been very en) •yeble. The Caledonians had been defeated hot not disgraced. (Hear, Mar.) It VMS said that a S.2otchman was never more at home than when be was ahrmd —(laughter —but he thought that they Ind been at borne that afternoon in the game of howls. He did not know what the !Malicial result would be, but the chsrities for whose henvflt the mulch hal taken place were noble, and were cluing • good work in the town. Applause). Three chests were heartily given for the Caledonians, and then Mr. GeoRiAL BAL.% proposed a vote of thanks to the" working element of the town" who, he said. WO supported them nobly. Mr. WlLLerr said the match could not have been held if their friends at the works bad not purchased tickets. Mr. HARRY HOPE responded.

BE HAPPY

===== 0002601_19110930_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
The Best Passport to Success is a Smiling Face.

What makes a man happy or unhappy, as the Ca 93 may be, is not his circumstances but his Nerres. With sell fed nerves he can enj.sy his fortunes and endure hie misfortunes, but with weak or orerstrung Nerves " he is, of necessity, miserable at the best of times and unbearable at the worst.

If your Nerves are not as goo:Cl—a-a-you would wiA, try a cup of Vi-Coeoa, night and morning, regularly. Begin to night. You'll be surprised at the difference it will make in your health and happiness in a very short time.

Dr. Tibbles' Vi-Cocoa is the ideal beverage being wonderfully soothing to the Nerves, as well as strengthening to the body. It puts a man right keeps him right, and makes him feel right —right with him- self and right with his fellows. Thus it makes him happy. Give Vi-Cocoa a trial. Never mind what you've been drinking at breakfast or supper in the past, start drinking Vi-Cocoa to-da y —you'll feel the benefit of it at once.

Do not ask your gr car for" Coc,,a "—ask for

===== 0002601_19110930_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
per

—lt makes all the difference. Every grocer sells Vi-Cocos in (Id. packets and 93. and Is. Gd. tins.

The cdmmittee, the players and others then enjoyed a meat ten. excellently served by Mr. J. A. Rushworth, the landlord. Alderman Forehaw presided. . . . . . .

After the toast of the King had been honoured, Mr. Witt Err proposed the tosst" toccess to ourCaledoniata friends." Ile staid that •Ithongb they bad been playing a charity match, a number of gentlemen connected with the big works of Warrington, and others holding good positions in the town, and who were looked up to with respect, had taken pert in the proceedings. If they got these people on their side next year, they could mate the function a huge success. (Applause.) The toast ass accorded musical honours.

Mr. DAVENPORT replied and said he was sorry their esteemed friend and honorary member, the Mayor, had not been able to he with them. (aster, hear.) They were also sorry that their respected President, Mr. J. Fulton-Smith was absent through indisposition. Th. Caledonian Association existed as a charitable institu- tion. 'their original object was benevolence, and any available funds they possessed were given to charities. with the express proviso that indigent Scotchmen had the first claim on them. Laughter.) Up to now the indigent Scotchmen had been non.existent. (Laughter and applause ) The result was that they had dispersed a considerable portion of their funds to the Infirmary and Dispensary and other local institutions. The assaciation considered it to he its duty and privilege to subscribe to these charities, and it had given them pleasure that afternoon to take part in the coropetitioo. (Applause.) Mr. Davenport concluded by proposing the toast of tha Works Bowling Association, which was I also drank with musical honours. . .

In response, Mr. WILLETT said the committee who were working the association were working men eke were always willing to do the best they could for their fellow men. Personally, he wished as long as lie was in this world to be able to do something for those who could not help themselves. (Applause.)

Bowling Notes. WARRINGTON WORKS v. CADEDONIANS. Sportmen generally are nothing if not charitable and no doubt it was this motive which impelled the teams of the Watrington Works Association and the - Caledonions to play the bowling match arranged between them last Saturday, is spite of the almost incessant rain. The proceeds were in aid of the Nursing Aasoc'ation and the Poor Children's Summer Camp, and it is anticipated that these two organisations will greatly profit through the match.

It was decided that those who wished should play games of 15 up instead of 21 so that they should not be erposed to the weather for a lumer time. This was greatly appreciated and when the bowling com- menced the players set to with a will, with the result that some keen competitions erased.

Alderman Forshaw was matched against T. Hackett. The game was a neck and neck lace, though the Alderman bad a slight advantage all the way up to the 18th end when he was rased. the scoring card recording, 12-11. Bat he Made a fine rally and with. the aid of two couples ran home victor by 3 points.

One of the best games was that between George Ball (Works As,ocistion) and W. Murray. They peeled at 11 aud then the former getting a nice mark ran up to 15 while his opponent could only add a unit. However, Murray made a grand attempt and after egual6ing at 17 gained an advantage of 2. A splendid tessel was won by Ball, by the ruargia of 1 point.

Councillor T. Steel (Caledonians) vanquished S. Allen by 7 points in a game of 21 up. He obtained Pt chalks while Allen only registered 7 and main- tained a substantial difference to the end.

Albert Gleave (Work.) had quite an easy ta4k .ith T. Cooper whom he defeated by 16 points. The latter had hardly a look in.

Councillor liaLiwell, who captained the works team had to play a good game to beat Bowman. There was a great deal of doubt as to the ultimate winner. After peeling at 10 the Councillor made a break of 4, to be caught up by a similar break. However, be obtained the deciding chalk by a nicely placed woods few inches from the jack.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ODDRELLOWS' SMOKER.

The " Constitution " Lodge of the Independent Order of Oddlellows will hold a " smoker " this (Saturday) evening in the Lodge Roo n, Pelican Hotel. The howling prizes will be distributed and the Hayden Olee Party have promised assistance in honour of one of the party, Bro. W. A. Warburton, winning the Cup.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

LATCHFORD.

The First Eleven defeated Sale " A " at Sale last Saturday by G-1. The victory was doe in • large measure to ths brilliant ploy of the visiting forwards in the first half, their dribbling, passing, and shooting being very good. Ths taws at half Uzi) oval 64, Sale having had hard lines with a shot from the left that travelled along the crosshar and went out. On rimming the Sale forwards improved greatly and soon scored three goals. Latchford then again took up the running and the Sale goal had several narrow squeaks before the end of the game. A reproduction of lest Saturday's form will ensure some more wins, for the team played well together as • Wools. Pearson (2) Balks, Parker, Travis, Dole 'one each) scored for Latchford. The Second Eleven had Idanchaster Y.M.C.A. as visitors and controry to the usual rule the Manchester team played up surprisingly well and only retired defeated by 3.1. W. 11. Pickles at right back defended well for the home team and among the forwardi Harding played a strong game shooting two of tbe goal., the other being obtained by 31inards. Bradshaw at half back had a lot of work to do and kept the Y.M.C.A. forwards well in hand. The First Eleven v. Altrincham " A "at Latchford this afternoon is :—A Hill, goal; P Alfonso°, T Dixon, backs ; A Starkey. J B Wilkinson, A Knight, halve.; ft Dale, J Pearson, D Travis, H Parker, E Banks, forwards. Referee, Mr II Warburton. Bully-off, 2.15 p.m. The Second Eleven • Cherer " A " at Coester is : If Wright, goal ; Vs If Pickles, II Parkinson, becks; A E Bradshaw, C Baster, beiges; H Fletcher, .1 Thorpe, W Fletcher, W II Nlirmards, T Bank,. forwards. Referee, Mr W Eacles. Train from Bank gam 150 p.m.

POULTRY FAR‘IING AM) STATE GRANTS.

Sir Edward Str ichey, speaking at Street, Sornerssti on Saturday, at a rneeting of p ialtry farmers, said it was essential that there stiould by research and experi- ments under the COltrOl of central bodies, aad

personally be should fsvour an applicstlon for grants being made to the Development Commissioners of ths Board of Agriculture by the National Poultry institu- tion. lie suggested thst formers large and small should consider the advantages to be derived trim combina- tion in the distrtribution of their products. Asother question connected with co-operation wig that, of tha credit bank system, which he hoped to sea developed In this c

ORFORD ST. Joitv's V. LATCHFORD LRIOH. VILLAS.

To he planed at Orford Avenue Ground, Orford, to-day Sguiday). Tegn : 03SI, T Littlefair ; blcks. .1 Morton, A He/Act:in (rapt): J Wbigsker, H Briton: forwards, T Scariabrick, Stretford, T Tlcle, T Sidell, W Sculley.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servant', etc.

NsTANTED. a superior Girl m GENERAL—AppIy hfrs. VAT'S, BO, Lees rd., Oldham. A LL Servants mquiriog superior shmatione should 2-s• apply (stamp) to Z.Colquit at., L'pool NVANTED GENERAL, smart, esperiamed ; able to nook; small family; good wagee—Sursystos, Tarbeck rd., Huyton.

VITANTED Young GIRL, clean, respect able, to • train as lassecal.—Osss, Esat View,Whitefield, _ _

W ANTED GENERAL, experienced; two in tangly; • • atato Wary, age, and refereneee.—Tictre,Delatay'a rd, Hein,

WANTED a GIRL for hooseaork sleep hi; help Elven ; referecce required.-31, SLA Di LANL Looplibt, Maocaester. INTANTED, Smart OBNBRAL SERVANT; ass about 23.—Mrs. WADSWORTH, Ones Mau Ins, Smallbridge, Rochdale.

NVANTED, immediately, GINICRALS, Cook- Gemuls, Housemaids and Noms.—Apply, MILLER, P, King at., Manchester.

WANTED, good GENERAL ,• able to sash, ege ander 30. —Mrs. SIMMONS, Ainsdale, Palatine rd., Withinotoet Manchester.

WREE REGISIRY.—Weated immediately, COOK- E? GENERALS £24, Geserals £2O, Housemaids £l/3.— Mrs. lair lIRWOOD. 72, Woodsmee rd.. Burnley. lir ANTED straw GENERAL, able to mob ; small family ; referesse.—Rusurooytt, 4, Beset grove, Ashton, Prestos.

NVANTED,COOK,experienoed; baking ; Prutesisat kitcheamald kept; small family. Mrs 3 IACIVER. Beeebrield, Haswell.

WANTED,COOK-GENERAL,under 30 ; no washing good wages.—Masos, 2, Brook rd., Breton Chapel, Stockport. 'WANTED, HELP or good GENERAL for smell V family; wash Tall things ; wages 4a to be.- 15, Church rd., West Kirby. NVANTED, young GENERAL ; all dutlekeettarenees required U family.—Apply 93, CHARLOTTE IT., Rochdale.

WANTED, GENERAL, immediately for newly- rried couple ; good wages ; plkoly liberty.— i3A, LONDON ST Southport.

WANTED, PLAIN COOK (good), good reforosees required.—Mrs. ALVKID J. Twompsos, Merle- wood, Coodingtoo, Northwiob.

WWANTED Respectable GIRL for house work; T refs. required; good wages.-31, MAYFIFLD RD., Alexandra Pore, Markeliester.

IyANTED, Cooks, Generals, Hotwemaids ; good twises.—TRRELFALL, (lane Etwood), Central Registry, 16, Sandygale, Burnley. WANTED, good trustworthy GENERAL; able to wash ; private boa..; references required.— Mrs. lirrcnow, 120 Hamby rd., Blackpool.

WANTED, GENERAL; about 22; good home small wash ; Os., rising; reference required. BRAND, 5,841111(0rd rd.,Cborlton-otam-Hordr,Mancbeeter lIIVANTED, good reliable GENERAL; oomfortable born.; no cbildreo ; Mate wages.—Blrs. GAMBLE, 24, Alan rd., Witbiogton, Blanchester. WANIhD, Capable GENERAL, not under 30; able to wash : under servant loot ; small family ; wages £lB.—Apply, BRYNFORD RECTORY. Holywell.

NITANTED, good GENERAL, small family, help given, Protestant., references regnired.—Apply by letter, Mrs. KnG, 134, Eanibnarne rd, Birkdsle.

wANTED, HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS, for family of 3; excellent references required.—Mrs. WM:, NIX, I If, Wilbraham rd.. Cboriton-cam-Hardy.

IVANTED, GIRL (respectable) age about 16; references required.—Apply Mn. A STOURY, Aatmoor Meadow Pam, Bates Bridge, Runcorn. 'WANTED, COOK-GENERAL and young Douse V parlonr-maid for Kontsford.--Write giving all particulars. Rum kept.—DOLSIWOOD, Koutsfold, Cheshire.

021.-WANTED superior GENERAL (24-34) for gentleman's household ; four in family ; nurse kept ; good plain cooking and ratisfactory reference estential,-Ghtsitsixow. Bondom Altrineham.

WA IlroEu D a i c%Paei'tireeencedses, experienced Coolarjenyeouranige Housemaids, Kitcbeumaide, Generale.—Mrs. READS Select Registry, Rusholme, Itisechester.

lIVANTED, thoroughly experienced GENERAL, up 25 to 30 ; undertake all duties; Protestant ; good; references required ; two in family ; by letter. —SMITH, 12, Conyers avenue, Birkdale.

WANTED, WORKING-HCUSEREEPER (25.30_, • 3 in family ; responsible position; personal referencer.—Apply, stating asps, Miss ADAMS, Lime rove, Macclesfield. WANTED a Strong GIRL about 16 for an apart- ment toes.; good place for a pleasant and obliging girl ; all year roand.—Ayply MM. THOMAS STANTON, Sea View, Rhos-on-Sea, Colwyn Bay. NVANTED, HOUSE-PARLOCRMAID ; early in October ; two in family; two maids hept.— Write, elating age and references to Mrs. WELSH, Chelford House, Chelford, Cheshire. J)FSENGAGED.—SeveraI young Housemaids and Nurse (good needlewornanl, also Under-Laundress; Protestant . STONYCROPT DOMESTIC SERVANTS hEOISTRY, 2. Moscow Dike, Gurn lace,Liverpool, servants suited free.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Wanted.

MRAVELLERS calling Deooratcos, Ironmongers, 8.0. 1 Please wrPe, 15, Blackhoy lane,South Tottenham.

H Class Appointments for Boya.—For parties IL write C. C. C., 235, High Holborn, London, W.O

A GENTS wanted to introduce Laos Curtains. Prat- Cl able, aids line —Shaw's, 76, Winchester CO., Noun,

Horses. Carriages, Live Stook

ROAN COB, 14.1, 5 years old, quiet, good worker, feat; also Milk Float and Harness; together or separate.—Neu, 128, Stockport rd., Manchester.

Apartments Furnished Houses, &c.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Blackpool.

Southport.

SOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS, with or without board ; 28. per bed and attendance ; board 4s. 6d, near station, Lord at.; bath and piano.—Mr. Boys s, 44; King at.

A LL REQUIRING Apartmente,Houses, Shope, Flats, &c., in London, Seaside or Country, see Ilalton's Weekly House and Apartment Advertiser and Hoarding House oide. 16 pages to select from. Send for specimen copy, 21 SOUTH LAMBERT RD., LORdOO, SAE

North Wales.

Shoos, Businesses, etc.

HOME-MADE ilitlEAD, Confectionery, and Mixed all porticulara-13, CHAPEL Sr., Levenabu

ALL PERSONS HAVING BOSINESSEd TO SELL lire advised to comma Mr. COWDILL. Leah at., Warrington.

Shops, Houses, Land on sale

WEDDING PRESENTS. Magnificent Selection. Duplicates may be exchanged.

GOLDSMITHS Sankey Street, SILVERSMITHS 1 DIAMOND w-A • kiNGToTy MERCHANTS

ehristening Gifts in great variety.

Telephone 303 x.

(S: =ll a: 4 n 4 n 0 P c (11 11. to-• q o CO E. = f.p• .....

eD -: t<

THE EXAMINER

SA TUR DAY, SEPTEMBER SO, Mt

===== 0002601_19110930_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Agriculture.

PUKE* LOAM, Kettering old Ilbry, for Carnations, J. Mums, Ito.; 21s. ton; truck load. delivered Cheshire and S. Leacs.—J. Doe. Park row. Nottingham "POTATOES and Carrot., good table stuff Is. stone or 6s. 6d. cwt. on rail ; cash with order; hotels catered for ; quotations for quantities ; s%tistaction assured.— VIRES, ebett4rii.

FOR SALE, nearly new small Anthracite Stove, with Iron Piping, £2; also Nickel-plated Reading Lamp, 51 —THELWALL SCHOOL, %Mini/LOD.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
ES AND NqKal ,_,.

once

There is no under- GERMANY AND standing the German MR. Mc..KENNA. newspapers—in any other sense, that is to say, elan that they are bent on picking a quarrel with England. Their arrangement with their correspondents in London seems to be for the supply of information which has no foundation in fact. Greatly to find cause of quarrel in a straw is, according to one of Shakespeare's characters, an indication of the heroic spirit; but the German Press, which is to a large extent under Ministerial control, does not require even the straw as a provocation. The newspapers of Berlin have been unanimously falling foul of a speech by Mr. MCKENNA, our First Lord of the admiralty, who is accused of having spoken about Germany's methods of intimidation in Persia and elsewhere, and of making unfavourable comparisons between the British Foreign Office and that of Berlin. As a matter of fact, Mr. MCKENNA said nothing on either of these subjects. He made no reference to any Foreign Office whatever, and he said not a single word about Persia or German intimidation. The comments of the Berlin Press, therefore, are based on sheer invention. There is an object not very dimly discernible. The German Government wishes to raise more money for its navy, and the best means of reconciling the people to additional taxation is adjudged to be the getting up of an anti-British scare. We are sorry to be driven to admit that, though there was nothing in Mr. MCKENNA'S speech which justifies the German com- ments, he cannot be held entirely blameless in the matter. The German Press, and, we may be sure, the German Government, does not forget that the FIRST LORD OF THE ADMIRALTY occasioned a Navy scare in this country on the basis of misinformation as to the speed at which the German warships were being built. There is no doubt, of course, that Mr. MCKENNA was misled on that occasion. A British

Minister who deliberately misled the country on matters of such crucial importance would be driven from office as soon as he was found out. The First Lord believed what he had been told, and induced the Government to act upon his information but the subject was one on which he ought to have been well-informed, and the German Press, ruthlessly pursuing its purpose, declines to admit that he acted under a false. impression. It says, and possibly believes, that he consciously and designedly misled the British Parliament, and in this way justifies such an acceleration of speed in German shipbuilding as was said, without foundation, to have taken place at an earlier date.

The present amazing misrepresentation of the First Lord shows how injudicious gild costly it is to build ships in open and declared competition with another Power. Ship- building should be bised upon the necessities of the situation. The prime necessity is that Great Britain should retain command of the sea, This is admitted even by Germany. We are compelled to base our naval pro- gramme on this understanding. It has been declared by the PRIME MINISTER that the necessary naval strength is 10 per cent. margin over the next three naval Powers o Europe. Whilst maintaining the standar d is it necessary to speak continually as is done by men of both parties, as if we were preparing for a naval war with Germany? Surely not. The consequence is an accelerated and most burdensome competi- tion. We obtain no real advantage, how- ever swiftly we build, because Germany continues to build against us. There is no good reason why it ihould do so. We are not likely wantonly to attack German interests in any part of the world. This fact is tacitly admitted by the frequently-repeated declaration that German ship-building is not in competition with Great Britain; but a necessary provision for the protection of an increasing German commerce. This pretence, we are afraid, is only partially sincere, and the present attack on Mr. MCKENNA, which is really an attack on British naval policy exposes it in its true character.

The trumpeted inten- THE PROGRESS tions of that "ascend- O" ULSTERIA." ency " Party which has adopted Sir Edward Carson as its leader on the ground that he is the one man with a "large brain" that Orangeism has produced, give away the Ulster case in the most ruthless fashion. Here is a minority in Ireland which declares that it will not loyally accept the decision of the Imperial Parliament, because that decision would set u? the natural balance between a majority and a minority. Where the loyalty comes in no one but a devotee of the strange creed of Tariff Reform-cum- Orangeism- cum - Landlordism could possibly imagine. If a minority which cannot get its own way in everything is justi- fied in challenging the Imperial Government to come on, at its peril, and carry into effect the legislation of the Imperial Parliament, and claims for itself the title of " loyalists " because it defies the Imperial Parliament, the grievances of the great majority of a nation, overridden for centuries by the selfish interests of an " ascendency " clique, are proved up to the hilt. The section of Ulster Orangeism which Sir Edward Carson invites to palpable revolt takes its stand upon this extraordinary paradox—it is only " loyal " when loyalty " serves its own ends.

Mr. Harold Smith still THAT WIRE remains disappointingly TANGLE! silent in regard to his famous proposition about purchasing wire made in Warrington, notwithstanding the challenges to argue the point from his constituents, Messrs. Pierce Williams and Osborne. He is a wise man who knows when to say " nuffin," but the electors will soon become possessed of the idea that the member's bravery is reserved for exhibition only on the party platform. By the way, to take Mr. Smith's proposition up once more, if the Corporation ordered a quantity of wire from Messrs. Rylands Bros., which they could only supply at £3,000, but which could be purchased in tlermany at £2,750 would the order, really benefit Warrington workingmen by the direct employment of labour? We should like Mr. Smith or Mr. Rylands to answer the question, because we have a shrewd suspicion that Messrs Rylands Bros. would, under the circumstances, buy the wire from Germany and make a safe and easy profit as middlemen. There would be no need for wire-drawing in Warrington unless the Britisher could beat the German in the home market as he does every day in the week. What a wiry tangle Mr. Smith has got himself in!

There is reasonable POLITICS AND doubt as to whether the BUSINE.9S AT directors of the Pearson P. & K. and Knowles Coal and

Iron Company Ltd. are interested as much in business as in politics. Certainly there is as much of the latter as of the former at the annual meetings of the Company, and it may be that profits are so easily made that the chief spokesmen of the concern feel bound to find something extraneous to complain about. The financial year just closed, for instance, has left the company- with a net profit of .£70,977, exclusive of the balance of £15,968 from the previous year. All the year's additions, £19,500, are written off, and £15,000 is added to the reserve fund out of profits, while the preference shareholders get their six percent. and the ordinary shareholders four per cent. for the year. No wonder, the Chairman, Mr. Harmood Banner, expresses satisfaction with the annual report, and we can only conclude that he and the Messrs. Bleckly are anxious for something or somebody to quarrel with when they complain of the burdens of the Coal Mines Bill, the Eight Hours Bill, the prospective charges of National Insurance and refer to the Chancellor's " plundering and blundering." It is a source of joy to us that so great an industrial concern as "P. and K," playing so large a part in the life of Warring- ton, can pursue the even and profitable tenour of its way despite the impositions of a " predatory " Government. There must be some wisdom embodied in the advanced legislation of to-day or instead of merely exercising the proud privilege of grumbling, with success at their backs, the directors of our great manufacturing firms would be pointing to financial disasters and irretrievable loss. For the first time for some years Messrs. Harmood Banner and Bleckly have had nothing to say about Tariff Reform. Only a few short years ago it was put forward resolutely as the one salvation of the manufacturer. Each annual meeting of this company saw its need emphasized more and more, until we almost feared that without the great panacea, the doors at Bewsey would have to be closed. Somehow, industry and commercial acumen have triumphed once again ; but why is the cry for Tariff Reform quiet and stilled? Evidently because the country has grown tired of its hollow echoings, and because even the Conservative Party recognises that a new policy of real reform at home is the only thing that can rehabilitate it in the eyes of the level-headed English people.

Those who have A WORD FOR followed the proceed- THE VOTER. ings before the Revision Courts may be forgiven if they read with some surprise the accurate statement of the law made by the Revising Barrister at Clacton. "It was," he said, the duty of the overseers to see that the lists were presented in such a way as ensured persons ent:tled to the franchise being p'acei thereon, and a failure in that duty laid the overseers open to a fine. The business of obtaining a vote is intended in fact (says the "Morning Leader ") to be made as easy as possible for the duly qualified citizen; it is not meant to be the prize for victory in a spirited contention between experts financed by rival parties. It is a good thing to have the law clearly stated. The facts often give quite a different impression.

The by-election in the Two BREAKING Kilmarnock Burghs POINTS IN TORYISM. has given the Tory Party the opportunity of showing, once for all, whether they really wished, as they declared in the House of Commons,to co-operate with the Government in making the National Insurance Bill a measure which would do as much for this great scheme as present conditions will allow, or whether they would try to stir up ill-feeling against it for the narrowest partisan purposes. The Tory Party has met its test, and it has answered to it. They have tried their best to kill National Insurance, though they would like to come in at the end, if all the difficulties are surmounted, and claim credit for the reform, just as they did with Old Age Pensions. As for the Welsh ecclesiastics who are trying to stimulate resistance to a measure for Disestablishment, they should first settle their grievances with the Tariff Reform organs like the Pall Mall Gazette," which ask why the Tariff Reform Party should be expected—if it is allowable to sum up their position in Bishop Butler's historic phrase— "to prop a falling church " ?

SALE OF A AMOUS STUD. _ Walton Hackneys Realise 2,905 Guineas The famous stud or high-class pedigree hackneys and hackney ponies owned by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Burt., was disposed of by public auction at Walton Hall on Thursday. The opportunity thus afforded of obtaining some of the best-bred animals in England attracted a large attendance of breeders and buyers from all parts of the Kingdom, Owing to a re-arrangement of farms on his English estates, Sir Gilbert is giving op the Welton stud, but in Ireland, where he has bought an estate, he intends to go in for breeding thoroughbreds land horses likely to make bunters. It is expected that certain times bunters will be housed in Walton stables. The sale was conducted by Mr. W. Bainbridge. Bidding for many of the lots was brisk and, on the whole, good prices were realized. The total sum changing hands was 2,905 guineas, giving an average of £55 18s. The test ivies of the day was 240 guineas paid by Mr. Hickling,of Adbolton,Notte, for Terrington Bountiful, a beautiful bay mare. Wilful, of the same strain, was knocked down to Mr. Astley, of Nelson, for 240 guineas, and the stallion Tissington Classic went to Mr. Gelding, of Gatescre, Liverpool. for the same amount. Mr. Nlakeague,of Newton-le•Willon a, bought Terrington Agnes, a chestnut, for 52 guineas, and Terrington What-Not, a dark chestnut brood mare, for NO guineas. A prominent buyer was Mr. Kerr, of Harvigstaun Castle,Duller,N.B.,who bought three beauti- ful pony mares—Tissington Adel& for 130 guineas,Ailette for 100 &nen and Tissington Snuff for 44 guineas. It was announced before the sale began that Sir Gilbert Greenall had presented the famous stallion Sir Horace to Mr. Kerr, who has been a frequent buyer at the Walton sales since their inauguration in 1899. Of the yearling colts, Goldsmith realised the highest price,lls guineas, at which figure be was knocked down to Mr. Aistley, of Nelson. Captain Lyon, of Appleton Hall, bought the yearling pony colt, Tiasingtox Dorian, frit 27 guineas.

At Padgate on Thursday Alderman Bennett said that Mr. C. E. Parker "was both a Wesleyan and a good citizen--a combina- tion which, he was sorry to say, did not always go together." We wonder if Mr. Parker will give Alderman Bennett the same testimonial

..... 0,0 " I consider the prospects are excellent for good trade during the autumn and winter, provided there is no strike among the colliers and railway men" writes Mr. Richard T. Fairclough, president of the Warrington Chamber of Commerce in reply to the " Daily Mail's,"request for opinions on the comme.cial outlook. *

The percentage of Conservatives in the total number of electors in Kilmarnock Boroughs has fallen as low as 27 in the elec- tion just concluded. In 1888 it was 35, and in 1900 it was 45. The figure just recorded is the lowest in the modern records of the constituency. Gladstone is still a name to to conjure with ! * * *

Mr. Keir-Hardie, M.P., will not feel flattered at the Kilmarnock result. His strenuous efforts to persuade the working- men that a vote for a Liberal meant a vote for shooting down strikers has recoiled on his own head. By the way, what phase of political thought does Mr. Keir-Hardie represent now-a-days? • *

According to the Cl;airman of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron, Co., Ltd., all consumers, traders and householders would be wise to lay in a stock of coal sufficient to ticie them over the winter months. Of course, the miners may strike, but in any case the advice is excellent—especially from the point of view of the colliery owner. * * *

A notable entry on ;That all will hope will be a political career worthy of the great name he bears has been made by Mr. W. G. C. Gladstone, the grandson of W. E. Glad- stone. His achievement in holding the Kilmarnock Burghs for Liberalism by the magnificent majority of 2286 against both a Tory and a Labour Candidate would be remarkable in an experienced politician. Accomplished by one so young, it is full of promise for his future. • _

His Worship the Njayor has accepted an invitation to fill the office of chief magistrate for another year. We are sure the intima- tion will be welcome news to the towns people, for Councillor Dr. Joseph has made friends wherever he has gone in his corporate capacity, and has shown a determination during his year of office to sink all personal considerations for the good of the community, which is worthy of all praise.

The Bishop of London does not like the Mohammedan religion, but he freely recog- nises its good points : Thee were certain things which the Moslems did which he wished every Christian would do. One was to be absolutely open in one's witness. lie would like to order prayer mats for all the the Bishops to use at twelve o'c'ock in the

Athemeum before their fellow-members, and also for Christians to us a in factories and warehouses. We are content to put on record the sugges- tion, in the hope that some member of the Athena3um will be good enough to tell us if the Bishop's advice leads to any actual use of the mat. *53

The purveying of sweets does not necessarily guarantee a sweet temper. In, the local police court this week two sweet vendors in the Warrington Market have been charged with committing a breach of the peace. From the facts related it seems that the defendants rent adjoining stalls, and one having been underselling the other, a lively dispute arose which culminated in police intervention. Obviously the Markets Com- mittee has made a mistake in grouping tenants together according to their respective trades. Competition is naturally a little too close to be tolerable under the circumstances.

Mr. Harmood Banner, M.P., has discovered who are the true philanthropists. At the annual meeting of the Pearson and Knowles Co., Ltd., he demonstrated to his own satis- faction that the shareholders were the true philanthropists because they found facilities for the employment of 9,447 men. He clinched the argument by observing that the 9,447 employees drew £631,180 yearly in wages, while the 1,161 shareholders only got £39,086. What he failed to point out was that the employees earned all they got —and more in many cases—while the " philanthropists " sat at home and enjoyed the fruits of that labour. We are far from suggesting that capital is not entitled to its fair return, but we should never have ven- tured on such an original theory that the man who bought shares with a single eye to dividends was a philanthropist in the true meaning of the word.

The veteran leader of the Salvation Army has just completed another strenuous cam- paign. It was the seventh of the series that has marked his journeying to and fro in the United Kingdom, and it concluded on Mon- day at Cardiff. Starting from Leigh,General Booth travelled through Lancashire,Cheshire, Yorkshire, the Midlands, and South Wales, the distance covered being about 1,600 miles. For so old a man this itinerary was a note- worthy achievement, but in addition he addressed sixty meetings, sometimes con- ducting three on one day, besides speaking to groups of people at informal stoppages on the journey. The "General" expressed himself as especially grateful for the kind and hospitable receptions he experienced. The mayors of Corporate boroughs, the chairmen of local councils, and at times members of Parliament had taken part in his meetings and shown him many courtesies. Many kindnesses had also been shown the "General" by the clergy of the Anglican Church, and also by ministers of the Free Churches.

• • These are a few Dont's for public speakers which Mr. Grenville Kleiser has issued to the I members of public speaking clubs : Don't apologise. Don't shout. Don't hesi- tate. Don't attitudinise. Don't speak in a high key. Don't pace the platform. Don't distort your words. Don't exceed your time limit. Don't indulge in personalities. Don't emphasise everything. Don't praise your- self. Don't tell a long story. Don't sway your body. Don't be "funny." Don't fatigue your audience. Don't speak through , closed teeth. Don't! drink while speaking. Don't fumble with your clothes. Don't be sarcastic. .Don't "hem " and "haw." Don't stand like a statue. Don't clear your throat. Don't declaim. Don't speak rapidly. Don't antagonise. Don't fidget. Don't over-gesticu- late. Don't wander from your subject. Don't be awkward. Don't address the ceiling. Don't be monotonous. Don't put your hands on your hips. Don't be violent. Don't rise on your toes. Don't forget to sit down when you have finished. In brief :

Stand up so that you can be seen. Speak up so that you can be heard. Shut up so that you will be liked.

1 LOCAL PARE.

Personal. At the recent examination held at the Royal College of Music, Londoa, Mr. A. W. Clatworthy, organist Penketh Wesleyan Church, was successful in gainieg the diploma of associate in pianoforte playing. He has been trained for this examination by Mr. C. 11. Dawson. Increased Charge for Horsehire. °sing to the increase in the cos, of horsekeep, wages' Ac., the C..rting Agents and Cmtractors have decided to advance the charge for horsehire to 9a. per day, with a week of six days. Golborne-street Baptist Church. Harvest thanksgiving services will be held at this church to-morrow (Sunday.) The Rev. H. Ogden, the newly-appointed mini-t-r, will enter upon the duties of the pastorate on the following Sunday. A few Soiled BART CARR/AGES to be sold cheap.— Apply J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge et., Warrington.-Advt. Workingmen's Infirmary Committee. The annual concert in connection with the above will be held in the Parr Hdll en Saturday, October 7th, when several well-known artistes, in addition to T. 3. Down', orchestra, are announced to appear. Advance of Wages to Dallam-lane Brewery. In consequence of the present high prices of food, the directors of Messrs Peter Walker and Sin have informed their employees at Dallam-lane Brewery thaeeach labouring man will receive an advance of Is. per week, and that the workmen employed in the stabling department will receive an advance of 2s per !week. VIRINGING MACHINES, best value obtainable. Cash price, 39/6.—J S. GARLAND, Ironmonger Bridge at., BTarrington.—Advt. Music in the Park. The Warrington Borough mice brass band will play the following programme of music in the park on Sunday. Hymn, Celestial Joy," J A Greenwood; march, "Harlequin," W Rimmer ; overture, Caliph of Bagdad," Boieldieu ; selection, " Lohengrin," Wagner; selection, " Rigoletto," Verdi; selection, " Robin Hood," Macfarren ; "God save the King." I. Catch-my-Pal." Those who have heard of the wonderful growth of the " Catch-my-p tl " movement will be pleased to know that the author will be in Parr Hall on Wednesday, November Ist The Rev, R. J. Patterson will visit \Vert ington, Bedford, Lincoln, Coventry,and then go to Scotland. Being an II isbman the reverend gentleman is vety witty. He held an audience of 3,000 people spellbound whilst he told them, in his graphic way, how he began with six men the move- ment which now has a membership of over 125,000. St. Mary's Cricket Club. A successful whist drive and concert was held in the schools, Buttertnatket-street, on Ftiday evening last, when about 90 members and fi iends were present and a very pleasant evening was spent. During the evening the Rev. Father Wilson addressed the gathering and mentioned the fact that the season just ended was the most successful the club had ever had having only lost one match. The evening was brought to a close with a concert which was greatly enjoyed The following were the prize winners - Fimt lady's; Miss M K Holland ; second lady's, Miss F Heneghan; lady playing gent, Mi-s Kennedy ; consolation, Miss T Hidden : first gents', Miss R Bushell ; consolation, Mr J Duffy. FOLEY CHINA TEA SERVICES, 40 pieces 12,6.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge st, Warrington.—Advt. New Temperance Society A meeting was held in Cairo-street Reba, 1 on Thursday under the auspices of the Wartington Band of Hope Union. Mrs. J. Dodds presided. The object of the meeting was the formation of a new society to be called the Warrington Temperance Guild, for members of the Bands of Hope and others over 14 years of age. Mrs. J. Dodds was elected president Mr. S. Fernley, treasurer; Mr. J. E. Pardue, hon. assistant secretary; Mr. C. S. Fellows, hon. secretary. The meetings will be held in Cairo-street Schools on the second Thursdays in the following months : I October, November, December, January, February, March. MOTOR CARS FOR [EIRE, long Of short distances.—J S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt. Liberal Women's Conference. The Lancashire airl Cheshire Union of Women's Liberal A,s-miations will hold its annual Council meeting in the Parr Hall, Warringt m, on Wednesday. October 11th. Mrs. Stewart Brown will preside and open the proceedings with an address on current politics. At the morning session (11 s.m. to 1 p.m.) the subjects under discussion will be: Disestablish- orient of the State Church in Wales, Mrs. Ellis Griffith and Mrs. James Blisi ; Government Insurance Bill, Miss Cicely Corbett and Lady A. Haworth. For the afternoon meeting (2.30 to 5 p.m ) the programme is Home Rule, Miss Patricia Hney League) and Miss Crosfield ; The Local Government Qualification Hill, Miss Bertha Mason and Mrs- Ellis ; Women's Suffrage, Mrs. Stewart Brown and Mrs Barton. CLEARANCE SALE OF CYCLES, All prices reduced.—J S. GARLAND, Si, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt. Liberal Club. Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Clay, of renketh, have been appointed steward and stewardess of the Warrington Liberal Club, in succeteion to Mr. and Mrs. Randall, who leave this week-end to take up their new appoint- ments at a gentlemen's club at Bury. For the past seven years Mr. Clay has been in the employ of Mr. C. E. Parker, Denketh Lodge, as coachman. He has taken a prominent and useful part in the life of the village, one of his chief interests being Friendly Society work. Ile has passed through the chairs of the Penketh United Lodge of the Order of Druids and on their nomination was elected District Mester— e position which he filled with great credit. He is the vice-president of the Penketh Labour Party, and has been to thefore in the debates of that organisation and also of the Penketh Liberal Club. He has been actively associated with the Wesleyan Men's Bible sham., of which Mr. Parker is the president, and has frequently given addresees to the members. Mr. and Mrs. Clay, who will enter upon their new duties on Monday, have been presented by Mr. and Bre. Parker with a beautiful bronze clock and rases.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
! " Truth "ha been struck by the curious Alderrnanie situation at Warrington, and !comments as follows: At the Warrington revision court one of the local aldermen was struck off the roll of burgesses Most people would imagine that the loss of his onalification would necessitate the resignatirn of the aldermanship, since he will no longer be able to speak or vote on the town council without rendering himself liable to divere pains and penalties. But the Warrington aldermen has expressed his intention of sticking t ) his p at, though he cannot speak Cr vote. He evidently bass high idea of his value as a mere ornament.

Alderman Pierpoint has always shown a capacity to enjoy a joke, even if against himself.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE WESLEYANISM.

OPENING OF A NEW SUNDAY

SCHOOL

By the opening of the now Wesleyan Methodist Sunday school at Padgate on Thursday a long felt want has betia supplied. For years the old school was insufficient to cope with the needs of this raoi Ily growing district, but now all will be plain sailing as far as accommodation is concerned. Mr. S. P. Si'cock, the architect, and Messrs. Joseph Dolan and Sons the builders, have done their work well and we have instead of a smail room capable of bolting about a ; hundred people, a handsome large assembly hall, I sufficient ti seat at least 4)0. There are a guild and infant's room 32ft. long by IS and also two large rooms for the use of the young men's an I young women's classes. Five other roomy class rooms will materisl'y assist the workers in teaching the children —there is nothing harder than holding the attentton of the young in rooms wheie incessant mumbling goes on. A ki chen ard store-rosins and library besides the requisite lavatory ace immodation have I been provided. In all the cost of this great inprJva meut .£1,500

There was a large attendance at the (=Punning cere- mony, amongst whom were the Revs VC( A Beckett. J Grange Bennett, T °bidding and John Gunnell, Alderman and Mrs Bennett, Messrs Isaac Johnson, F A Hartis, J Mason, J Jarman, John Bennett, WiPiam Bennett, Dr Bennett, Leonard Bennett, Mr and Mrs F Wright J, E, Richardson and W Twists.

After hymn and prayer the Rev. W A Becket sai 1 he was quite sure that those who were ptesent fu'l3 realized that a splendid wok had been done in connection with that church, for they would he btitet able to assist in the training of the cltildten in that neighbourhood with a •iew to their taking their proper placl an CltiZ .no of thrir country and as

A GROUP AT THE OPENING CEREM,

servants of Jesus Christ. (Applause.) The rev I gentlemen then nailed upon Dr. Bennett to present a I silver key to Mr Arthur Bennett so that he could open the main door. In doing so Dr. Bennett said that he had watched the growth of Wesleyan Methodism and especially the Sunday school in that village as interestedly as he had watched the growth of his children. He was sure that they would all egree that the new buildings were adequate for their purpose, and that they hod been splendidly built and reflected great credit on the architect end the builders. In handing the key to Mre. Bennett the speaker said that she had always taken the deepest interest in Padgate Methodism and had been a Sunday school teacher for many years. He also paid a tribute to her late father (Mr. J. Richardson) who was so anxious about a new Sunday school that when he died they received a handsome legacy for the funds. (Applause ) In opening the main door Mrs. Hartnett said thenk you very much for the key and for granting me this privilege. I shall always prizo it as a souvenir of this interesting occasion. I have great pleasure in unlocking the door in the Name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Applause.) The assembly then proceeded to the side entrance to the building, where Mrs F Wright opened the door. Here Mr 8 P Saco*, in the absence of the Rev E Morgan, asked Mr William Bennett to present the silver key to Mrs. Wright. Mr. Bennett remarked that Mrs. Wright had been fore long time a very efficient Sunday school teacher. She had also been a clam leader and done very good work for the church. Her husband had also rendered conspicuous service there. (Appl ruse). Mrs Wright in opening the door remarked that she would always value the key and she prayed that (id's blessing would descend upon their work in the new school. (Applause). The congregation then adjourned to the buildings and on all hands there was unstinted appreciation of their handsomeness and utility. . . . .

After the inspection the Rev J Grange Bennett preached a thoughtful sermon.

EVENING MEETING. THE DANGER OF EXAGGERATING EDUCATIONAL EFFICIENCY.

The new school was well filled in the evening, when a public meeting was held. Mr. C. E. Parker presided, and was supported on the pl atom by the Revs. W. A. Beckett, E. Morgan, T. Gladding and J. Grange Bennett, Mr. William Bennett, Alderman A. Bassett, Wright and Mr. J. E. Richardson. .

The Chairman, after commenting upon the architec• tural eseellence and general adaptability of the struc- ture, said he was aura they would all realise that the real consecration of the building would come through faithful and self-sacrifloing service. That was the only thing which would make the provision of the school worth while. Many of those present were interested in various things which touched the outside of life and he was glad to know that sooislly as communities sad indeed nationally, we were realizing bow much I environment had to do with the possibilities of the full development of the lives of the people. (Hear, hear.) But, after all, they must recognize that there was a great truth in the hackneyed expression E "The soul of all improvement is the improvement of the soul 'and it was only as the citadel of a man's or • wocnau's being was won by the Lord Jesus Christ that the greatest development was made possible. It was only as they realized and got others to realize that they were suns and daughters of the King of Kings that they could rise to the fullest and beet of their powers. Those who were responsible for the work of that Sunday school should he inspired by the one dominant thought that He who was rich and for their sake became poor and gave His life for them was calling upon them to give their best and truest life back to Him. "Appl time.) Mr. F. Wright (secretary then presented a most interesting retrospect, showing how the church and school had progressed from small beginnings until they had &Calmed their present influential position. He mentioned that for the east thirty years he hal held the OgiCe of superintendent of the Sunday school. (Applause.) The present buildings were, he considered, worthy of the pioneers who in the class gone by did their utmost for the children and had at heart the prosperity of God's cause. Applabse). Mr. J. E. Richardson submitted the treasurer's state- ment showing that the total espenditure on the new building (including furnishiegiwas £1,503 2s ed. The sum of £1,020 bad been paid on account, and, including an amount of .C 207 lOs 5.1 due to the bine, there was • balance still owing of £69) 13s Id. The young people's recent efi srt had realized the handsome amount of over £76. (Applause.) The following donations had been promised that day :—Mr CE Parker, £10; Mrs Arthur Bennett, £5 5.• Mrs Wright, £5 : Mr Winstsnley, 10s. In conclusion, Mr. Richardson expressed the bops that future generations in Padgate would uphold the floe traditions of Methodism as they had existed for the last fifty yesrs. The Rev. T. Cladding congratulated the Methodists of Padget* in hsving amongst them such a flue family, the like of which he had never met with in all his wanderings. (Applause.) The older memhers,rlpening in saintliness and increasing in influence, were still loyal to the Church of their father, and ready to work and spend their substance for the promotion of the glory of Cod and the ansistan3 of the wAt of that church. Speeking of the obj-ct of the Sunday School, Mr. Cladding impressed upon the teachers the import- ance of making Jesus Christ really visible, lovable and attractive to the children.

Lion of Palgate up° having erected such a beautiful building.

The Itev.W. A. Beckett moved a vote of thanks to the chairman, speakers and vocalists He said thv teachers must shove all things remember that although they had the machinery for carrying on the work, that nag not sufficient. They required the working power which wonld only come to them as they were fouad lit lining touch with the Lord.

Alderman Exxrrr, to seconding, said Mr. Parker was not only a good Wealeyan but an exceedingly good citizen,—a combination which, he was sorry to say, did not always ,go together. 11 Laing spoken for a abort time ion reminiscent vein, tha alderman said be some- times thought Methodism bed been rather swallowed up in machinery. A great denser beset Methodism sod all the churches. They bad magnificent machinery and beautiful buildings and spent a great deal of mosey upon them, but, judging ((y the returns of membership, the results were not what they ought to re. Happily the position in the Warrington circuit with regard to membership had considerably improved of recent yearn and be hoped that progreea would be well maintained, lie trusted that from that school they would turn out people who, when they went into the world,would make othe-s feel that Christianity was a religion worth following—that Christians were not merely concerned with doctrines or anxious to mu mble cert tin shibboleths and c teeda,but that they're,* trying to follow the teachings of the Man Whom they professed to serve. Unless their daily lives were such that people outside could recognise them al followers of Christ who were trying to live up to Ilia standard, the mere a•tendanc.e at services was not really of much use. Applause.)(

„. The vote sass supported by the Rev E Morgan sod heartily pat•sed.

.„ Dur.ng the evening an enjoyable musical prognsmrna was submitted. The solos were : Re number nays thy Creator," Mims Moon ; " Arm, arm, ye brave," Dr. Bennett ; "The Light," Mns Leonard Benlett. A dnet " Children pray this love to cherish" was soot Ivy Mrs C,otterill and Mr I‘Jvi Richardson,

' . '',...-.'.. . . r r- ... ..„. 4.... , .. <414 * , 7.',;:- • • „lilt --- I___ . ~. '. ' . --- ..:46 •-717; AO -. ,:' 14.1'1'4. .10. • _ .T- -....- , - _amp Z11:11:1:5'7, .1. , .., V. iii.-''''' Ilk /iv. • ;, - ' . , ,• L. , , - . OP .1 :..',,.';-:- ..- '... - _ . '---:..".,i':'.'i-- .-: -4. ~ ...- ~ ~.._ . - . ..„: ....- ~,, •.. --k _ i ~... _ ,

Photo Burrell. [ONY BY 3123. ARTHUR BENNETT.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. J. Grange Howlett devoted an impressive address to urging the personal responsibility of Sunday School teachers for the souls of their scholars. While God had not left the eternal well-being of souls entirely contingent upon men's effort; He had condescended to use bunion agents in working out His great redemptive schema In one 501180 the Sunday school teacher's responsibility was the greatest of ell, because he was dealing eith the individual at the most susceptible age for decision for Christ.. From all etatisiiiis that could be gathered, it had been shown that the most impressionable age, so far as decisioe for Christ was concierned, was between 10 end 18 years. Some time ago 300 ministers were canvassed as to the age of their conversion, and 270 of theni testified to having bees converted befo-e they reached the age of 18 years. 3,152 Christian workers were canvassed in like manner, and it was found that 05 per con', of the females and 79 per cent, of the mules had boom led to definite decision for Christ before they were 18 years of age. That only confirmed his osn experience. Of something Ike 40,090 whom he Gni as. Le his services make public decision or confession for Christ, he should say that 50 per cent, were under the age of 19 and 23 per c.nt were under twenty-five. Tbe personal responsibility of the to-soles was greater in ihese days beasuse of the decadencia of family religion. He had bad to spend moat of his life during the hat. tw.nty years in other people's homes and 63 was bound !to lay that he hai detected a alackeaing. The first ' responsibility for the conversion of the soul of a child by with the parents. Neither the penitent torn d nor the Sunday scoool war the plane foi Use children of godly parents to Go.i th.ir Saviour. A cburch in the home would mein shims in the church. Applacca) Then they must think of the nos-Christi,n homes, where no Christian ex irnple Cu 41 net, and of the totally !irreligious homes where the thildron scarcely ever !beard the name of G iii exaept iii an oath and where they would live and die in tens of thousands in heathen ignorance of the plan of salvation, wore it not for the ionday school tea:hers. Did the average teacher to-day realise his or her rersonal responsibility? He reared not. He believed that never w &mina school work more effectively dune from the educational otiose. , pain', and he rej aced in all the developments of !method. But they mint he on th. ir Ruud lent they east to the extreme of makins the eduational aloe the, sore -roe thing instead of the evangelistic sldee tt)2lrue.. . .

' Harris ('or circuit .tad) offered the warty congratulations or tLe circuit t.. the coegrega-

===== 0002601_19110930_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRESSIVE LABOUR LEAGUE,

Visit of Mr. Torn wing.

The Warrington Progressive Labour Lsague will hold a public mseiting in the Co-op3rative Hall, Sankey-street, on Tharsday evening next when the principal speaker n ill be Mr. Tom Wing, ex-11.P., for fifimshy. On the occasion of his first visit to War- rington abint twelve months ago, Mr. Wing created a great impression by a deeply interesting, racy and convincing exposition of Free Trade. Whilst member hr Grimsby he gtined fauna hynadertakiug a voyage ,1 on a trawler in order to gain pratti nil experience of the fisherman'ti life.

Mr. A. 11. Crasfield, Sir. C. E. Parker and others will alao address the meeting.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL.

Business of the Next Meeting.

The month!y meeting of the Town Council will lee held on Ttiminy evening.

PO'REASES OF SA•ARY. The following increases of salary are recommended: Mr. W. H. Woodcock, aslistant overseer, horn .C3)3 t3_£2s),

BoMoo, sorrepor's department, from £llO to C 123.

_ Mr. M. S. Choker, survey or's department, from ELIO to 1.123.

3fcNicoll, assistant gas engineer, from £22.7 to E 250. _

John DANN, chief cleric electricity department from £253. per week to .C 2 104. (DUN, ILLOR LI.LIW ELL AND TAN LIX ING WAGT. Caunitillor lialliirsll will p-oplee the following special motion :—Tbst no able-bodied man employed tinder the Corporation and hating reached twenty-ono I years of age, be paid leas than at the rate of twenty- four shillings jr week, an I that this resolution 00016 into force as soon as practicable after Umi lit January neat.

f.OLICIS STRIKE PAS.

Resolved. that three days pay be granted to the members of the Force frr extra ditty performed by them during the recent strike.

TOWN PLANNING.

The Street Improvement C.inicnittee hes decided to proceed under the Town Planning Act, and has votad • stub of 12 guinea, for • series of lectures in Parr Hall under the auspices of the Homing and roww. [Plea:min Conoc.l.

The Local Government Bdard hu saactioued the borrowing of £5.127 for the extension of the baths and tbe contractors bare be instructed to proceed with the wo,k at cam

===== 0002601_19110930_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
4.• r • ,4 •

chr reiT ntREL/G/01/S 6-SOCIAL

New Curate for Warrington. At the Church of St. Matthew all 1 St. James' Moseley Hill, Liverpool, on Sunday, the Bishop of Liverpool ordained Mr. John Meredith Buckmaster, 8.A., of Keble College, Oxford, and Cuddesdon Theo- logical College, to the office of deacon and licensed him to • curacy at the Warrington Pmish Church.

WAR R 1/4GTOPI

The IZ,v. seconded the motion, which was hfartilvearried. New Baptist Minister for Hill Billie.

attika %mei /

// / N

===== 0002601_19110930_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rev. H. A. Lester.

Presentation on his Departure for London. Os all hands there have been expressions of regret— and at the same time congratulation—at the departure of the Rev. H. A. Lester (vice-principal at the Warrington Training College, and curate at St. Thomas' Church, Stockton Heath) for London, where he is to occupy the responsible post of director of Sunday schools in that diocese. The rev, gentleman preached his farewell sermon at St. Thomas Church on Sunday f evening and evidence of the esteem entertained for him was afforded by the large congregation present. Mr. Lester hen this week been the recipient of several handsome presentations. On Tuesday evening at the c nclusion of the annual meeting of the Warrington and District Church House he was presented by the members with a handsome silver casket, a cheque and an address of best wishes for his future service to the Church. Mr. BERESFORD MELVILLE made the presentation and remarked that Mr. Lester was at the bottom of the movement to start the Church Home and had taken the keenest interest in its work. Archdeacon SPOONER raid that while they deeply regretted Mr. Lester's departure they rejoiced in his new appointment, which his epecital qualifications would enable him to fulfil efficiently in the service of the community and the whole Church of Chriat. (Applause). The Rev, Canon STEVENSON Principal of I.le Train- ing College) said that he had not worked for 13 yearn with Mr. Lester without feeling the coming parting very keenly indeed. One thing had struck him in reference to Mr. Lester, and that was his unbounded energy. They could not ratify him with work. Not only was the Training College indebted to him, but the whole of the town and neighbourhood for many things, including his services as secretary of the Church Society and in connection with missionary work. He had long felt that the time land arrived when Mr.

, •

===== 0002601_19110930_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. H. A. LESTER.

Leoter should ba engaged in even a more important work than that in which he had been engaged at the Colleg.. His appointment was the first post of the kind which had been created in the kingdom, and he had, therefore, the whole field before him. He wished him eery happiness and success. (Applause). Canon WILLIS and the Rev. E. C. E. CARLETON spoke eulogistically of Mr. Lester, aad in thanking the memberr, The Rev. H. A. LEs reit said he should look back with great interest to that meeting and feel that what- ever his work might be he hid a certain number of loyal end true friends in the North of England. The Church in the North of England was more alive and bad more virility in some branches of Church work. He came to Warrington 13 years ago from the South and he was going away& debtor to the North, as he had learnt no much. He would go away with a wider outlook, and a very much larger and wider experience than when be came here a poor bachelor. (Laughter.) Now he would go away with a wife and family, and there was something in that. (gore laughter.) But it was a great wrench to leave the dittrict. The Church House should, said Mr. Lester in conclusion be a real centre of Church activity. They were a fighting force, and if they were united they would be irresistible in the town and district. (Applause). On Thursday evening the rev, gentlemen was the recipient of further presents, the first consisting of two silver salvers and a cheque from the parishioners. These were prevented at a well-attended meeting in the Parish Room, commencing at 7.30 pm. The Rev. James Collins (the vicar) made the presentation and spoke eulogistically of Mr. Lester as a parish priest and citizen. Mr. Ilenry Greene!' and Mr. T. J. Lee also , spoke end Mr. Lester suitably responded. The Church Institute was well filled when at S o'clock • handsome presentation by the members of the Men's and Women's Bible classes took place. The Rev. James Coll!ns again presided. Mr. Janway handed the gifts to Mr. Lester, which were a miniature oil paintiog (on ivory), a despatch box, books and a fountain pen. A capital musical programme, arranged by Miss Sutton, was submitted. The artistes were as follow :—Miss A F Sutton, T.C.L., Miss Bertha Robinson, medallist, A.V.C.M.,Miss Irene Cutinington, Mr E A Sanders and others ; pianist, Miss M Sutton, L.L.C.M.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
The Church House "The Home of Church Life.'

"-The annual meeting of the' Warrington and District Church House " wan held on Tuesday evening in the spacious room at the Church House, Bridge-street. Canon Willie presided over a good attendance. Among those present were: Archdiacon Spooner, Canon Stevenson, the clergy of the town and district, Mr. Robson .1. Chorley (hoc. secretary), and Mr. H. Beresford Melville (bon. treasurer). The accounts showed that the receipts for the year endin; March amounted to £69 18s 54:1 including sub- scriptions and donations ESO Is 61. The payments included:—T J Lee, ore year's rent 05, and Warrington Corporation rates, £l3 4s 4d. The Hon Treasurer said that the membership of the Church House bad not increased since it was opened two years ago and he regretted to say that unless there was a very great improvement in the financial support given, in another twelve months they would have a balance on the wrong side. If they could get more funds they would make many improvements, which wanld make the Church House more efficient. They deserved to be supported, as the House was of immense benefit to the work of the Church. Mr. H. WOODS moved that the balance sheet be adapted, and the Rev. JAMES COLLINS in seconding, suggested that a method of stimulating interest in the Church House would be to hold a " conversazione " in the Cc-eperative Hall, at which the members of the Church of England in the district would have the , matter placed before them. The accounts were adopted. Canon WILLIS said that the Church House was a visible sign sod proof of unity, as all the incumbents ,f Warrington now belonged to the Church House. "hey had got a respectable and handsome place in Thick they could spend some of their time to wdvantage, but he hoped that instead of merely having awo rooms they would have the whole of the rooms at tiberty in that building. 1 on the proposition of the Rev. JAMES COLLINS the following were re-elected :—The Rev Canon Willis (chairman), Mr. lt J Chorley (boo secretary), Mr. H B Melville (hen treasurer), committee, Revs W Bracecamp, G W Dickenaon, H H Corsble, Messrs Seger Owen, J H Smethurst, Oswald Lofthouse and T J Lee. Archdeacon SPOONER delivered an address on " A Church House, the need for it and its utility." He said that such an institution as that Church House was evidential of Church activity and the fact that the Church realised she had not merely to do spiritual work—which she had to do primarily—but she had also social obligations. Such a place as that showed that th 3 Church was alive and he hoped that in days to come she would be more alive t 3 her responsibilities. A Church House offered opportunities of intercourse between the clergy and laity. Me felt that in days gone by the clergy had stood off from the laity ; they had not mixed np with the laity, but if they did they would understand more of the layman's mind and the layman would see more of the clergy's mind. By the rubbing of shoulders together and by comparing notes many differences of opinion would be minimised end they would gain immensely in their spiritual and social life. (Applause.) Everything that made for the good of man's physical and intellectual being ultimately made for the good of his spiritual being and, after all, the reason they were promoting social sod educational life was beceuse they were aiming at something higher —the bringing of people into the Kingdom of Christ. (Applause). In proposing a vote of thanks to the Archdeacon for his address Mr. Herbert Woods said they wanted the Church House to be the borne of all Church work and life In Warrington and neighbourhood.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. GEORGE CURTH.

The Rev. George Curtis is a Londoner by birth ,At an early age he commenced preaching in the open-air. The I next step was to work for the" Christian Community"— (a society which held strvices in all the London work- houses and Infirmaries.) Mr. Curtis then joined " Spurgeon's Egangelist's Association," and was in this society about four years conducting evangelistic meet- ings in all parts of London and the suburbs. From this society he entered the " Pastor's College" under the late Charles Haddon Spurgeon. After nearly rive years training in College Mr. Curtis accepted his first pastorate at Sheerness (Kent). He then accepted a call to King's Cross (London.) From there he removed to Fenny Stratford (Bucks) and then to kleywcoi (Ws last ( hurc

===== 0002601_19110930_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
St. John's Presbyterian Church

As will be seen from our advertising columns, harvest thanksgiving services will be held at St. John's on Sunday next, when the preacher will be the popular pastor of St. John's, the Rev. Wm. Reid, who has been absent from his pulpit for some Sundays, whilst spend- ing a well earned holiday on the East coast.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

The usual meeting was held on Sunday afternoon, when there was a very fair congregation. 'lle meeting WBB presided over by Mr. William Beswick, who spoke of the Christian's faith, an "knowing in Whom you have believed. "—Mr. Littler (Runcorn) gave a stirring address upon reality in the Christian life, showing how by faith w. ay endure, as seeing Him who is invisible. We mos' alic by faith, not merely by sight. We must make the connection between earth and Heaven complete, by our souls mounting up the ladder of faith to see our God, Who is waiting and watching for i's. He urged them to put oft the old and put OD the new, to go from glory unto glory. Self most be put down, and they must lay aside every %eight which so easily besets us."—Mr. Hamilton rendered sweetly the solo "0 Lovely Flowera " ; Mr. Osborne and Mr. Healey also took part in the meeting, and Mr. W. H. Payton Mos. Bac., presided at the orgm.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST FESTIVALS.

WARRINGTON PARISH CHURCH.

This church presented a beautiful appearance on Thursday evening, when the harvest thanksgiving services had commenced. An excellent supply of flowers, fruit, corn and vegetables was forthcoming and the ladies of the congregation had arranged them with great artistic taste. The altar, font, pulpit and clergy stalls, received special attention. There was a large congregation at Evensong, when the preacher was the Rev. Albert Baines, vicar of St. Helena. The other clergy taking part in the service was the Rector (Bev. Canon Willis) and the Rev. J. M. Buckmaster. The music was rendered in that reverent and expressive manner always associated with the Parish Church cLoir, the anthem being " Fear net, 0 land" (Goss). Mr. .1 Poole sang the nib very effectively. Mr F AI Darby, Mao. Rae., presided at the organ. The preacher took his text from I Samuol vi. 13," And they of Bethshemesh were reap- ing their wheat harvest in the valley ; and they lifted up their eyes and saw the Ark and rejoiced to see it." He said the valley of Bethahemesh woo broad and fruit- ful and its slopes were decked with vines and corn- fields. It must have been upon such a scene that the Psalmist's thoughts were centred when he wrote "The valleys stand so thick with corn that they laugh and sing." Bethshemesh was a valley the name of which denoted a valley of sun- shine. It must have presented a beautiful sight as the men, women and children, were all gathered together reaping the harvest. There was everything to make real happiness and yet the people were not happy. what was the reason ? It was because the Ark of the Lord, which in those days signified the presence of God him- self, had been carried away from them and had been taken to the land of the Philistines. They believed that access to the I rescues of God was limited to the presence of the Ark and that the taking away of the Ark meant also the departure of God from them. That valley of sunshine had therefore bean turned into a valley of shadow. The incident went ts show that materialistic ideas in life could never be really satis- factory in themselves while everything in life was dependent upon something else, so in turn we were all dependent upon God, and it was for us, who had this year experienced a harvest several degrees in advance of previous years, to seek out the Kingdom of God. When the people of the valley lifted up their eyes and beheld the Ark once more restored to them, they were moved to rejoicing. So it should be with us, we should lift up our eyes to seek the Lord. The collections were in aid ot the Assistant Clergy Fund, for which £5O is required. The at nrices will be continued to-morrow (Sunday.) The preacher in the morning will be the Rev. Canon Stevenson, and in the evening the Rev. Canon Wainwright (St. John's, Altrincham.) ST. PETER'S CHURCH.

The harvest festival was concluded on Sunday when I large congregations assembled. At the morning service the sermon was preached by tbe Rev. T. T. Lee-Joaea. The choir sang the anthem " Blessed be the name of the Lord" (Maunder), the solo being creditably sung by Mr. Reuben Bennett. In the afternoon, the Vicar (the Rev. B. Percival) conducted a children's service and gave an address. The Ray. Horace Gray occupied the pulpit at the evening service, and preached to crowded congregation. The choir sang "Praise the Lord, 0 Jerusalem " in a pleasing manner, and Master E. Walker" was heard to advantage in the solo. Mr E A Pedmore presided at the organ. ST. MARY'S CHURCH, GREAT SANKEY. . . .

This church was elaborately and tastefully decorated for the harvest thanksgiving services, which were held on Sunday. The altar, chancel and font were adorned with special taste and care and the general effect was strikingly beautiful. The pulpit was draped in purple and black, as a token of respect for the late Rev. E. Sandys Jacloon, formerly Vicar of Sankey, who was laid to rest in Sankey Cemetery on the 20th inst. The preacher for the morning service was the Rev. B. E. Taylor, of Newton Parish Church. There was a large clegregatiOn. The preacher based his discourse on the words "Thrust in thy sickle and reap." The choir, under the leadership of the Rev. J. R. Jones, gave an inspiring rendering of the anthem" Ye kingdoms and nations, praise ye the Lord." This anthem was sung before the King at the Investiture of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales. Mr. Wallace Ray was the soloist. In the. afternoon a flower s3rvice wan csodusted tig the Rsv. J R. Jones, who addressed the scholars from the Penketh Mission and Great Sankey Sunday schools, on the text, Kindness to one another." The children brought with them floweas and fruit for the Infirmary, and children a toys for the poor children at the Workhouse. In the evening the Rev. Canon J. Wright Williams, vicar of Ferns orth, preached to a crowded congregation, his text being" What shall I render to the Lord for all His benefits? " At each service special hymns and anthems were rendered by the choir, Miss Standish presiding at the organ. WORKINGMEN'S MISSION, BANK QUAY.

Harvest festival services were held at the above chapel on Sunday, the preacher for the day being Mr HO .Marsh,B.A.' Hartley College, Manchester. The chapel had been tastefully decorated by the workers of the Mission and good congregations gathered at each service. A musical service waa held in the afternoon, the soloists being Miss Hewitt and Mr E Walker, anthems being rendered by the choir, Mr. Atkitaion conducted the singing and Mr T Tanner manipulated the organ. Mr T Dale presided, and Mr Marsh gave an address. On Monday evening a social was held at which Mr N Hough took the chair. Songs were given by Miss B Hone), Mr A Dale, Mr H Foden, pianoforte solos by Mr Johnson Barrett, violin solos by Mr Swaine, and a humorous reading by Mr G Dale. A very pleasant evening :vas spent. The collections on the Sunday

'amounting to £6 13s I'd) were for the chapel funds and the proceeds of the social (about .C 2 were for the League of Help funds. BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. Good congregations attended the harvest thanksgiving services held at Bold-street Wesleyan Church last Sunday. The church was tastefully decorated, there being an abundant supply of fruits, corn, flowers and vegetables. fhe Rev. E. Morgan preached in the morning and said that the harvest was a perpetual reminder of God's goodness to us. The Rev. H. Middlewood conducted the service in the evening and spoke on the constancy of the love of God. Suns love that Jesus Christ had for us ought to be emulated in our love for Him and our fellowmen. The choir gave a splendid interpretation of the anthem " Awake thou that sleeps." BEWSEY-ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH.

The harvest thanksgiving services were held at the Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church on Sunday.ln addition to the usual services the cantata "A song of thanksgiving" was rendered by the choir in the afternoon. The Rev. NV. A. Beckett preached in the morning from the text "It came to pass that on the Sabbath Day Ile was going through the corn-fields and His disciples were accompanying Him," Ile said that there was no incon- sistency between a Sabbath walk and Sabbath worship. We could conceive that a walk in the presence of Jesus was conducive to Christian worship ant wonderfully assisted on in maintaining the sprit of the Caristian Sabbath. In passing let hiru say that when so many were making the Sabbath a holiday instead of a holy-day it behoved us to be watchful of the follies of such licence. It would be to our irreparable less as a nation and country if we were to exchange our Christian Sabbath for that of tha Coa- -1 tioent. Continuing, he said there was nothing incon- ' gruons about a devout lover of God being. devout over of nature. A sincere religious belief did not incapacitate us for sincere study of nature's fields. It was the privilege of the Father's child to understand , the wonderful things there %ere to be discovered and that might be underatood as they were revealed in the natural world. What a lover of nature Jesus Christ , was ! How keen His vision I His pure and undimmed insight enabled Him to penetrate into the secrets of the field through which He walked. , Mach depended upon the power of vision. One went about in the world and saw very little. Another went over the same ground and saw more than be could describe. A Wordsworth, or one with great insight, saw in nature things that lay too deep for te ITS while the other, lacking sympathetic insight, saw little beyond no meta marketable value. We saw in the corn- fields God's provision for man's needs. God had furnished grain for the sustenance of the human race and where there was a scarcity in one part of the world there was more than enough in another part to balance things. God always provided for His great family and the voice that came to us at every passing harvest time was, " God cares." Each harvest time was a proof of God's faithfulness, and of the fact that He had not forgotten us. The cornfield bore witness to the permanent and inseparable connection of human industry and Divine blessing. "It is Gad that giveth the increaae," but always in conjunction with man's labour. The harvest was also a standing witness against thriftlessness, bad farming and laziness. Con- tinuing, Mr. Beckett said that God was interested in all that cAnaerned us. His attention was not confined to the House of God and ecclesiastical matters, and let us once and for all banish that atheism which practically excluded God from the concerns of everyday life. During the service the trio "While the earth remaineth " was creditably sung by Misses Hilda Hipkiss, Edwardes, and Wardle. Mr. JAMES POVEY presided is the afternoon, when the cantata" A song of Vianksgiving " (Asunder) was rendered in the presence of a fair congregation. The choir gave a delightful interpretation, the strength and sweetness of all th 3 parte being adequately brought out. Mr. Hipkiss, the able ocnductor, was happy in his choice of soloists—Misses Hipkiss, Hilda Hipkiss, lit Jones, Edwardes, Wardle, Winstanley, Messrs Hannan, Tynan, A Pearce. Mr NV Pearce presided at the organ in his usual efficient manner.

The Rev E MonoAN in the course of his sermon in the availing slid that one of the most beautiful things about the life of Jesus Christ was his intense admira- tion of the beauties of nature. He was not like a certain great saint who, when he went out for a walk abut his eyes so that the beauty of material things should not divert his thoughts from spiritual matters. To Jesus the fields were His study where He thought and meditated, His oratory where lie prayed His sanctuary where He worshipped God. The anthem " For ever 0 Lord" was sung, Mr. A. Pearce being the soloist.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
MESSRS. PEARSON AND KNOWLES.

BUSINESS AND POLITICS AT THE ANNUAL MEETING.

Handsome Profits Despite the Chancellor.

The 38th annual meeting of the shareholders cf the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Ltd., was held at the company's offices, Bewsey-road, Warrington, on Tuesday at 12 noon. Mr. J. S. Harrnood Banner, 11. P. (chairman of the Board of Directors) presided, and the other directors present were Messrs. William H. Blackly (deputy-chairman) John J. Sleekly, Richard Broacher W. Peter Rylands and Herbert S. Blackly. The report, which has already appeared in our columns, and the balance sheet, were taken as read.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. lIARMOOD BANNER'S REVIEW.

The CRAIRMAN,iII moving the adoption of the report and statement of accounts, said ; The directors are glad to meet you to-day with a statement which, under all the circumstances of the year, we think may be con- sidered satisfactory. (Hear, hear.) We shoe a better profit than last year, and vre are able to pay yon a slightly better dividend, besides putting away consider- able balance to reserve and paying the increased amount which is required for the dividend on the new prefer- ence shares issued during the year, and which amonnts to about .£2,000. This year has not been without its adverse conditions, though, of course, nothing in com- parisonwith the ditficultie3 since 30th June—in Morocco troubles and railway strikes. The Miners Eight Hours Bill has reduced the wages earned by the men and adversely affected both the production and cost of coal. It has also in the Lanc shire district given advantages to which the facilities of the railway companies have, in my opinion, unfairly added in the importation of coal from the Yorkshire district both for home and export purposes. Lancashire is an old coalfield, and has its own peculiarities, both of wages, customs and qualities of fuel, and the Miners Eight Hours Bill and the Coal Mines Bill now before Parliament affect Lancashire production and costs more than the more modern collieries and qualities of coal in Yorkshire. In fact I have heard an M.P. speaking of the new Coal Mines Bill state that the Yorkshire collieries would shut up Lancashire collieries by the new regulations. Well, we have a stubborn way with us in Lancashire, and I think we will hold our own. In the iron and wire trades we have been fairly busy and our profits are larger than last year. The only new feature in the balance sheet is the item of the new six per cent capital, of which £105,768 was paid on the 90th June. She whole sum of £140,000 is now paid up. The amount is represented on the other side of the account by an increase of the sum in cash and bills in hand and at bankers from £81,574 last year to £150,281 this year, and by an addition in the amount of our investments of .£31,002, the shares we have so far taken up in the Partington Steel and Iron Co., Ltd. Now as regards our profits, you will observe that we are writing off all our additions, a sum of £19,500, which makes up with our usual provisions, a very handsome sum of depreciation. We are increasing the reserve fund by £15,000 out of profits, though per contra we are taking out of reserve the cost of the new issue which we might rightly have spread over a perlod,and the balance carried forward is £13,359. I think the shareholders have every reason to consider the balance sheet most satisfactory.

A HINT TO COAL-USERS.

I think I may say, notwithstanding our anxieties about labour, that we are starting the year well. The demand for coal is active, and I should recommend every consumer, trader as well as householder, to till up his stock or c-llars to their fullest capacity, so as not to starve in shard and cold winter, if,as is undoubtedly possible, a universal strike of coal miners should take place, especially as with the new systsm of sympathetic strikes difficulties in transport are sure to arise and make stocks at collieries useless. I may say that with the spirit of conciliation, which, and for so long, has actuated miners and mine owners I ant hopeful differences may not reach the extremities which' think most unwisely are so often discussed and suggested in the Press. I should like miners particu- larly to remember that it is their own mining legisla- tion which is reducing wages, not owners' legislation, and not put the saddle on the wrong horse. One point especially es regards the field rates of coal where excessive rates are asked to make up the reductions in wages caused by the Miners Eight Hours Bill, and we ourselves have four sesms idle wanting labour in con- sequenc4. The Moss Hall Colliery C mosey is fast being reinstated, though I regret to say the expense has 6(.30 very heavy. We have also finished the equip- ment of the Maypole plt with new screening and electrical plant, and should this winter be reaping a return. The iron trade also in our works is keeping us busy. We have, like almost everyone else, had our differences with labour, but I think I may say they have been satisfactorily adjusted, and, in all our branches of work—engineering and manufacturing—we have reason to be satisfied with the amount of work on hand.

THE NEW STEIL .WORE,

. . Now, with regard to the project of manufacturing steel. to which I referred at our last annual meeting. The Partington Steel and Iron Co. has, as you know, lee u formed. The Board has secured the services, as

managing director of the. new work'', of .Mr Artlor.H

Cooper, who bee had intimate experience in the management and development ot the iron and steel industries in the Cleveland district extending over —. • . . .

msny years Slag, his appointment, Mr, ,oper, in company with other of the directors, has visited many of the most important steel works, both in this country and abroad, and long and careful thought has been devoted to the design of the new works on lines follow- ing the latest and best practice which has stood the test of experience, both in this and other countries. As one illustration, I may point out that the whole of the power required to drive the works, ssy upwards of 20,000 horse power, wi I be developed entirely from the sva.st.e gases frer.o the coke ovens and the blast furnaces.

-4-o-riW;;;

primarily intended f.r the production of the steel required by the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company and Rylands Brothers. it in the intention of the Board to provide also for the production of speclal qualities ol steel to meet the requirements of the Sheffield market and other consumers of high-class steels.

EMPLOYER AND EMPLOYED.-THE DISTRIBUTION OF

===== 0002601_19110930_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
PROFITS.

Now I have finished the story of the year, but there are one or two remarks I should like t 3 make before sitting down, and I will do it as abortly as possible, on the relations, between employer and employed and cn the Insurance Bill now before Parliament. Now, first I will give you a few fignres to coasider,and which I hope our workmen will digest too. We employ in all our departments 9,417 men, an i we pay annually a total of wages .6631,140. The number of shareholders in the company is 1,161. The dividend distribuied this year both on the preference and ordinary shares is .£39,086. Tact dividend to the ordinary shareholder is 44,400. All other profi s are rr quired for the mein- tenance of the c3mpany's property and the necesiary extensions to keep it th a high style of efithiency. Now, on the labour question, the first point to consider is, which are the greatest philanthropiats to the labour classes? The politicians. amongst whom I must classify all of his Majesty's Ministers, late or present, Liberal or Conservative, most of whom have never done a day's manufacturing or trading in their lives, and are merely

===== 0002601_19110930_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
-PROFESSORS OF THFORINS.

or amateurs—(bear, bear)—are ready to give panaceas and remedies for every complaint ; principally, vote- catching doles, costing themselves nothing. (Hear, hear.) Experienoe, the true economic teat, is nothing to them. Are they the true philanthropists? Is the benevolent man who says, " Poor Fellows," when a strike is on, and contributes a donation to a soup kitchen of £5O or £100? Or are the investors i 3 a company like this, trusting their money to labour, pro- viding the facilities for labour to make itself effective, and finding maintenance and livelihood for 9,117 men and their families ? (Hear, hear and applause.) It is absolutely necessary for workmen to take these facts to their inmost consciences and test them. It was stated in the Royal Commission that wages most come before dividends. How about £631,180 wages and £21,400 dividend ? This is our own ii.starme as you know, and we represent many like companies. (Herr, hear). There is one other point before leaving this question to proceed to the discussion of the Insurance Bill. We pay a total of rates and toxes to Government, Imperial £10,812 and Municipal £12,611, together 03,651. Are we entitled to the protection of the State, to be free, ourselves and our men, to carry on business without let or hindrance, without injury to person or property, or have we forfeited protection and the rights to our liberty ? At present no relianoe con be placed on the duty of the Government to help us if difficulties arise, notwithstanding the vast sums we pay and the burdens of taxation we endure. It would almost seem

AS IF LABOUR WERC _KING

and an employer merely a slave to be tortured to dis- close and surrender his savings like any barbarous atate in Central Africa.

..... The Insurance Bill now before Parliament calls for considerable comment, on which I should like to any first that I have no objection to the principle, but there is no reason why employers should be subject to such special and exceptional treatment as they are in this Bill, besides paying their fall quota of rates and taxes. NJW there are two phases by which it affec's this company. In the first place we have always kept clear of a debenture debt, or fixed debt. Now with the charge under this Bill, which as calculated will cost us £O,OOO, and adding the charges for compensation, which are about £7,000, we bare on ourshoulders a permanent charge of £15,000 per annum, equal to five per cent, on a_ debenture debt of £3)0,000. We are told

Mr. Lloyd George went to Germsny for his model, but there, when they impose the burden, they furnish the means of bearing it. They protect the home industry—(heir, besr)—and there is no difficulty in recovering the cost from the proper payers—the con- sumers. There is no source of relief suggested in this country. Stay a moment, the principle is admitted, and we may have hopes. The railway cmpanies are to be favoured by an Act of Parliament permitting them to revise rates so as to compensate them for increased wages paid to their men. This is another burden tc manufacturers, but it is perhaps

A GIENIPSE OF ANOTHER HEAVEN.

where Mr. Lloyd George may always suggest, when adding a burden, the means of bearing it. Laughter and applause.) We are paying in ordinary dividend, .221.400, that being the only dividend varying with the profits and the ordinary dividend will have to bear the charge of this £B,OOO, equal to an added income tax of 6s 8d in the 2. The charge is most unfair in its incid- ence. (Hear, hear.) Where the cost of material is heavy and wages costs are light, the charge is supportable, but where, as in our case, the cost of material is small, ' and wages cost heavy, the burden is wicked and unfair. The light-hearted manner with which the exactions of thin Insurance Bill are accompanied is shown by the statement that the contributions of men, employer and State leave a surplus of £2,000,000 to play with. True statesmanship exacta the least sum required and leaves no margin which may be used for appeasing or cajoling with further benefits not included in the actuarial calcu- lations. int3rests which may appeal to political or social force. lam sorry to have taken up no much of your time, but when new circumstances arise it is necessary to indicate their influence, and it will be an evil day far Ureat Britain, workmen, and owners too, when the greatness of our trade and manufacturers and our ability to extend and maintain them is destroyed by heavy and unjust taxation. (Applause.) Mr. W. H. BLIWKLY seconded. Mr. TENIPLE supported. Alluding to " peaceful packeting " be said he apprehended a great deal of trouble if it were allowed to continue. It would be a very serious trouble to all straightforward honest working men, and he numbered a great many among Ms acquaintance. (Hear, hear.) The Liverpool riots were incited by ten or twenty per cent, of dissatisfied work- men who by means of " peaceful picketing" were able to coerce the rest of the men to strike. Thus the majority of the men were prevented from doing the straight day's work which they desired to do. He foiled to see as an employer how they were to carry on industry in the interests of the working men themselves and the country, if drastic alterations were not enforced. Picketing in itself was coercion and intimidation, and as the men's passions rose it naturally led to rioting. Why ever was it permitted ? The Trades Disputes Act placed the idea of picketing and restraining men from following their employment. He contended that only by repealing that Act could the employers be given a fair chance which they did not now possess. Employers were always ready to meet any little difficulties that their men might have no long as there was fair play. (Hear, hear.) The propos•tion was carried unanimously. The proposition was carried unanimously. THE DIVIDEND.

The CHAIRMAN moved That the usual dividend at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum on the preference shares, 6 per cent, per annum on the second 'preference shares from the respective due dates on calls paid, and a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum on the ordinary sharea—all less tan—for the half-ear ending 30th June last, be paid on and after the 20th instant." MR. LLOYD-GEORGE CRITICISED. "SYNDICALISM AND SYMPATHETIC STRIKES."

Mr. J. J. BLECELT, in seconding, said wonld like to supplement is a few words what the Chairman has said in relation to Partington. We look to the new steel works to materially assist us in the future. When they are at work our business will be self-containei Hot:tribe ore and coal to the last stages of the finished articles which we produce, and we shall be in a position to meet all comers with euccess, in fact to defy com- petition from any quarter. (Haar, hear). Perhaps I may be allowed to add a few words to what the Chair- man has said about THE PROPOSED INSDRASCE BILL. . . .

which is filing all our minds. It is the greatest bogey that ever came before us, rather, I should say, it is too substantial to be called a bogey. We have had the Mines Regulation Act, the Eight Hours Bill, the Workmen's Compensssion Act, and new, to crown all, the Insurance Bill, which will punish every one of us in every direction. In my opinion, the effect or this Rill cannot ..be more aptly described than in Lord

.- - - 13eacoirlield'8 famous phrase— " PLUNDERING AND BLUNDERING."

The payment must come out of the annual profits, and no, every year, out of the pockets of the ordinary share- holders ; the bondholders and preference shareholders contributing nothing. (Hear, hear.) Referring to recent strikes and riots, I have no quarrel with Trade unions. I have worked in harmony with them for the last 40 years, and if they are properly conducted they are quite in their proper places, but the modern syndi- calism and sympathetic strikes are a new feature of the case. They are of forei go origin, and amongst the most undesirable " free imports" we receive from abroad. If they have come to stay they will constitute a serious menace, not only to industrial peace, but to the whole social organisation, and I can only hope the powers that be will be found able to cope with them and equal to the occasion. (Applause). MR. lIARMOOD BANNER RE-ELECTED A DIRECTOR.

Mr. W. H. Br:ECM-EV moved the re-election of Mr. J. S. Harmood Banner as a director of the company. Mr. R. BRANCKZEt seconded the proposition. He said that the present balance sheet and the financial statements for several years past spoke eloquently of the progress and expansion achieved under Mr. Banner's chairmanship. The resolution was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AUDITORS.

Mr. T. AnitaToN moved that Mew& Blow an.l SODS be reappointed anditore for the ensuing year at a remuneration of £3OO. _ _

Mr. JAAIISS RICHAUDtON seconded, and the motion Wes agreed to.

OFFICERS THANKED.

Mr. H. S. BLF.CKLEY moved' That the hest thanks of this meeting he given to the secretary, managers and other officers of the company at the ironworks and collieries for their 'services during the past year." He said the company had sustained a distinct lots through the death of two of its servants, Mr. Watson and Mr. Smith, who were very assiduous in performing their duties. They very much regretted their loss. The company bad gained a very excellent secretary in Mr. Brotherton, who was second to no one in enthusiasm and In loyalty. Mr. W. PETER ItYLia DS seconded the motion, which was heartily carried. Mr. BUNCH and Mr. KNOWLES returned thanks, and an acknowledgment of the Chairman's services concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

OPENING OF THE WINTER SESSION. The Speaker on Labour Troubles.

With every prospect of a moat successful Feseion,the membets of the Wariington Pailiamentary Debating Society re-assembled in Cairo-street church parlour on Tuesday evening. The attendance on the Govern- ment and Opposition benches was excellent, but there was room for improvement in other sections of the House. The Conservatives having held office through- out last Session, a Liberal Ministry, with Mr. E. Wynne Jones as Prime Minister, now assumes con- trol of the affairs of the State. Mr. W. H. Stanafield is the leader of the Opposition. As the King's Speech will not be introduced until next Tue.lay evening, when the Society will be honoured with a visit from Sir Edward Russell, the opening meeting was devoted principally to formal business. An interesting address On the troubles in the labour world was delivered by the Speaker who expressed himself with great frank- ness and uvered words of warning to the employees as well as to the property-owning clas,es. The society placed on record its deep regret at the death of Mr. F. G. Taylor, one of its most promising members, sincere tributes being paid to his hcnesty of Furpose and unfailing good humour.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
-ELECTION OF SPEAKER,

The PRIME MINISTER moved the re-election of Mr. James Ball as Speaker, observing that he had presided over the debates 33 ith unvarying impartiality. He took a deep interest in the various questions which came forward and was therefore able to follow the discussions in a most intelligent way. The LEADER OF TIIE OPPOSITION , in seconding, said the Speaker had given every member and every section of the House fair pay. (Hear, hear.) He tilled the chair with much dignity, and as he was no fait with all th 3 plitical d,dgas of the day—lau;hter)— he was able to keep them in order. (Loughter.) The proposition was enthusiastically agreed to and on entering the room the Speaker had a cordial greeting. THE SPEAKER ON THE INDESTRIAL OUTLOOK. The SPE ABER, in returning thanks for his re-election said he believed he could rely upon the good feeling of the members that all the debates should Le conducted I with courtesy. (Hear, hear.) They would nct be afrAidto hit hard and to express their opinions, but they would be prepared to listen calmly to what the other side had to say and give it proper weight and censideration. Not many societies of that classhad been so continuously successful. The general experienc3 was that they lan pretty well for three years and then suddenly collapsed. The Warrington society, however, was still healthy and vigorous and, with mutters of supreme interest to discuss, he saw no reason why they should not have another excellent session. (Applause.) They had all noticed with considerable regret and sickening of heart the continual unrest in the world, and chiefly in the ranks of labour. The workers of many countries were to some extent being misled with the idea th,.t a general strike would result in soma form of social revolution and in a permanent improvement of their condition. Strikes and the widespread labour unrest were signs and symptoms that there must be

SAETEIING" RADICALLY WRONG IN ALL THE CIVILIZED COUNTRIES,. . . .

and it behoved all parties to approach the problem in no spirit of partizenship, but to realize that it aas really a national question. Unless the foundations of a building were sound and true, no matter h3w beautiful the architecture might be, the entire ed,fize would crumble into dust. Unless the general body of the people bad a reasonable opportunity to lice a humane, happy and prosperous life, no nation could call itself really happy while such sores ani diseases were eating at its roots. A general strike meant that workers in trades which were the foundation of all civilized communities—the miners, railway men, iron workers, and builders in large cities—should cease work simultaneously for the purpose of stopping industry and crippling and paralysing Uncle. Some of the closest observers of labour disturbances, especially on the Continent, were issuing a word of warning, because they did not want the workers of any country to be misled into thinking that the adoption of such methods ' would establish a system of permanent jostle?. Any movement to be of value, most be based on the reasoned conviction of large masses of people, and it seemed to him a grossly mistaken idea to imagine that a general strike would be the solutio3 of all their troubles. The very first people to feel the stress and strain of • stoppage of transport and production would be the workers themselves. It would mean a shortage and even absolute lack of food in many homes in this and other lands. A general strike would inevitably result in a eery few days in

SO t JAL ANARCHY AND REVOLUTION.

He sH ir;-all sincerity that ns worker could hope to benefit by methods of that not. The signs of unrest were a terrible index to the condition of the land a bich they all loved and, unless the governing and ruling classes began to understand the situation and endeavoured to bring about better conditions of life and labour for the masses, the general strike would remain the only remedy for the corker, and the result . . .

would he the destructionof a great deal of wealth, the loss of property and lives and the position in the

long run would be worse than it was before. He desired to give two *brains. On the one side he said to the worker : Pin not your faith on general strikes, but rather to a large measure of educational reform until steadily there would be crested a sufficient body of public opinion to demand and carry out whet were, after all, tbe workers' just demands and reasonable claims. To the ruling chases he attended the advi-xv t'ist they should take warning from, the present condi- Lila° of things and to learn how to put their house in order, and that if they desired, as they said they did, that England should be a happy, contented and prosper- ous country, they must see to it that no privileges should be allowed to be a bar to the equal opportunity of every man to lives decent and proper life. Equality of opportunity did not mesa equality of conditions, circumstances, temperament or social standing, but it did mean that at least the necessaries of life must be secured to snyone who was willing to work • reason- able number of hours per day. Until they arrived at that condition, they could not hope to obtain the best, out of the nation. (Applause). OTHER ELECTION.

Mr. it!, DtlO.llD (Paisley) was appointed Deputy Speaker andiChairman of Committees. Mr. E. England (Warrington) was again chosen as treasurer, Mr. C. 11. Johnstone (Dumfries) wee re-elected Clerk of the House, and Mr. J. McLeod Johnstone Deputy Clerk. Messrs. E. Osborne (Newcastle) and N. Ct.ok (Forest of Dean) were re-elected j.tiut secretaries to the society. The TREISURER announced that the debit balance of £l7 with which the toclety began last session had been reduced to £7.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
A VISITOR.

A cordial welcrme was accorded to Mr. M.G. Merry a former enthusiastic member of the society, who w over from Ireland on • short visit to Warrington and took the opportunity of renewing old acquaintances.

PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

- - • „ „ , 4 , t's . -14r.vIrt • \ • It " , • •. • . • .

===== 0002601_19110930_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR. F. G. TAYLOR.

The Parr MINISTER moved " That this Howe expresses its deep sympathy with the family of the late Mr. F. G. Taylor, sad desires to record its appreciation of the services he hes rendered to the society." He said Mr. Taylor had been connected with the society from its inception end had won the high regard and esteem of every member. Fie was • real Conservative, sincere in the beliefs he held, and be was able to express those views in very choice language. Although be attempted to hit hard ha was always on friendly terms with his political opponents and they were deeply sorry ttat no useful a member of the House had " crossed the Bar."

The LEADI.T2 or THE 01'1'0,1710N seconded. Ile sold that great as was the loss sustained by the House through Mr. Taylor's death, the loss was even greater to the Conservative party. T. them it was almost • I calamity which seemed to be irreparable. Mr. Taylor took the business of the House seriously • it was not a playing-place to him, but real work. Ile prepared diligently f..r the debates and the honour and reputation of the society were dear to him. The Prime Minister's tribute of stncesiiy was a gracious and merited one. Never was Glarea more sincerely convinced Conservative than Mr. Taylor. Mr. Stansfleld also referred to the departed member's staunch Churchmansbip and to his interest in social and charitable work. liy his death the town bad lost a citiz•sn who had done it credit and who, if he bad been spared, would have become one of its brightest ornaments. Alderman Brorskrr (W. Birmingham), said the best tribute they could pay to Mr. Taylor's memory wan to exhort other young men to follow in his footsteps Ned do their best for their party, their Church, and for the town sea vrho'e. In these days too many young me* appeased to take an interest in little but their own selfish interests and pleasures, bat Mr. Taylor set a conspicuous example of devotion to duty and zeal in the public service. The motion was supported by Mrd Black (N Donegal), Mr H Osborne 'secretary), and Mr R Pierce Walrus, • lAngleses), and carried in silence. TIIE RING'S SPEECH.

The following Is the text of the King's Speech to be introduced at the next meeting of the Pdrliamentary Debiting Society. Gentlemen of the Fa me of Commons : I have pleasure in reporting that my relations with foreign powers continue to be most friendly. While taking every cure to maintain the efficiency of the means of National Defence I shall always bear in mind that the interests of this and all other Nations Cr. best promoted and extended by a peaceful palicy. It. oill be my endeavour to welcome and extend the principle of Arbitration, not only with the American people but also with other Powers. During the Session your attention will be directed to several important matters which call for your urgent. and favourable consideration. The Report of the Railway Commission is being awaited, and after the issue of nom, you will be asked to approve a Bill dealing with Industrial Disputes. You will be salted to consider the question of the Valuation of Land for Rating purposes, and a Bill will be introduced at an early dote baring for its object— The Re-adjustment of Local Rating. To remove the glaring anomalies a the present Electoral System you will he invited to favourably consider a Bill dealing with Electoral Reform. You will be asked to approve a measure dealing with the grave question of Unemployment and plans will be submitted for your consideration which will go far towards the solution of this most difficult problem. I trust that time will be found to consider the following measures : A MU ta provide Insurance against Sickness) and Invalidity. A Territorial Amendment Bill. An Education Bill, having for its object a thorough National System of Education.

A Bill to provide a greater 112•1114010 of Self-Govern- ment to England, &Wised, Ireland and Wales.

VISIT OF SIR EDWARD RUSSELL.

At the meeting of the Society in the Co-operative Hall, next Tuesday evening, Sir Edward Russell the dmtinguished editor of the " Liverpool Dail Post and Mercury" will speak to the King's speech. It is expected that Mr. Harold Smith, M.P., and Mr. A. H. Crosiield will lie present and join in the debate.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
000'-

===== 0002601_19110930_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
FISH HARVEST FESTIVAL

A navel Harvest Festival was held on Sunday last at the Church of St. Magnus the Martyr, Billingsgate. In addition to the usual corn and wheat and other produce of the land there was the harvest of the sea. D3W3 the centre aisle and araund the font were arranged boxes containing almost every fish known to the housewife, including Saimaa, haddock, hake, halibut, plaice, turbot, herrings, sprats, whiting, soles crabs, and lobsters. Ms fish had been presented by dealers in Billingsgate Market. and after the tlervice was distributed to the local hospitals.

, ' •

—.......6-,-......e._. - . _ __ . i ; • / ._ ~, t 7- , ..:',„ ' •k , ...'O.• '''':.- .- , . - ~ g ..., .., ~ ', :„... ~.,,. , ..., . ..: ~ggi ..,.. , ~.. " _ .- . , ,

===== 0002601_19110930_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WORLD'S BOXING CHAMPIONSHIP.

- - The controversy for and against the great Johnson-Wells boxing match at Earl's Court, on Monday next, continues to occupy the public mind, and the movement against the contest promoted by the Rev. F. B. Meyer, Pastor of Regent's Park Baptist Chapel is being carried on with unabated vigour. ' From all parts of the country clergymen and sporting men are denouncing the contest not only from the colour point of view, but as against the best interests of sport, inasmuch as the result of the. match makes no difference to the winner's share of the stake. Johnson (on the left) is to rertoi.., SA 000 and ter.iiit. £2,000 win or lose.

a '1; • • Akir•

I 4

===== 0002601_19110930_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW RUSSIAN PREMIER

M. Kokoylzzlf, the Minister of Finance, who has bun appointed, in succession to the late M. Stolypin, to the Russian Premier- ship.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
BABY'S FACE LOOKED LIKE A PIECE OF RAW BEEF.

"My baby boy lor lon rio nths a w Lai a large pimple come on hie forehead. It burst and spread all over his face which !won looked like a piece of raw beef, all smothered with bad pimples. It was awful to look at. The poor little thing wed to serateh it and cry terribly. I took him to a doctor, but he only got worse until I was quite frightenel that he would always be disfigured. Then I sent for some Cuticura Ointment and after using it I found that baby no longer ecratched his face. So I got in all two large tins of Cuticura Ointment, together with Cu'icura Soap, and in two months the Cu, ieura Remedies had quite cured him Now I always keep a tin of Cuticura Ointment by me in case of anything else coming, and of course I use Cntictlia Soap for all my children. " About fourteen years ago I had something like beat spots nil over my arms and ehrulders. I eeratched and rubbed them no much that they bled and then I was covered with little sores. A friend gave roes tin of Cuticura Ointment, and before I had used it up my skin was completely clear, and I was cured. I had had the trouble for tire month; end had tried everything to get rid of it. I tell all my friends about my baby's cure, indeed they ask what I need for the little boy's face, for they all yaw bow bad it was before the Cuticura Remedies cured it." (Signed) Mr.. E. Perry, 99, Waterloo rd., Aldershot, Ilantv., England, May 21, MO. Post free, from I'. Newbery Sons. •.?".. Charterbouse Sl., London, samples of Cuticura and Ointment, with 32-p book on shin trestmr at.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
STOLYPIN'S ASSASSIN.

Bagraff, the auarchist police spy who murdered M. Stolypin, was hanged this week at St. Petersburg.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KING AND A WARRINGTON ORGAN-GRINDER.

Mr. Ihrry Wilmsley, a iv 011-known Warrington organ-grin& r, has published the story of his life in pamphlet form. Copies wore forwarded to his Majesty time King, and on Saturday Mr. Wilmsley received the folios jog letter

Buckingham Palace. The Private Secretroy iecommrnded by the King to acknowledge the receipt of Mr. If. Wel=ley's letter of the 19AI lost., together with the pamphlets which accompsnied it, and to thank him for the same.

22nd September,l9 t 1. Mr. Waln.sley's story, which is told in plain, unvarnished term., makes interesting reading. It shows how pluckily he has faced many drawbacks in life and throws a light on tbe ups and downs and trials of the organ-grinder. Mr. Walmsley states that he bits to travel over 123 miles each week in , order to earn a living and he instances the long journey which be made on foot to Batley and back when the Warrington football team played an impottaut match at the Yorkshire town. It is interesting to hear that the public have a decided preference for hymn tunes " especially the kind that everybody knows."

The failure of the Federal Goveinment to provide enough drill balls for its conscript army has excited much controversy, as local and private effort bee proved unable to snpply the deficiency. Lads have to train is the rain end suffer unnecessary hardship. The cost of building the needed halls is over £1,000,000, but it will have to be incurred it public opinion is to be satisfied.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM ' LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

By Philip Snowden, M P.

ARE PICKETING AND STRIKES TO BE MADE ILLEGAL? There is no reason to believe that the Government intend to do something in regard to the proposals which have been put

f ;ward by Si; Ctlarles Macara, for Concilia- tion in lAbour disputes. The announcement that it was intended to call a Conference immediately at the Board of Trade, of repre-

sentatives of employers and workmen to con- skier the matter has been officially described as" premature," but that may be taken to

indicate that the announcement has some foundation. It is hinted in some quarters that there may be legislation during the autumn session for the establishment of some system of compulsory conciliation, and if any- thing of Pm sort is pro osed it is not improbable thst it will be passed in view of the present panic-stricken state of public opinion.

AN ATTACK ON PICKETING. There is a tremendous movement going on in very influential quarters for the repeal of the Trades Disputes Act of 1906. It is almost impossible to conceive of the Govern- ment attempting to do any such thing, but if they were so i 1-advised as to make the attempt it is not at all improbable that it inight succeed, for recent labour troubles have terrorised the employing class, and political differences are forgotten in their common anxiety to protect themselves against this menace which has appeared. If the Govern- ment were to endeavour to take away or to limit the right of peaceful picketing it is inconceivable to think what would happen in the present restless state of the working class.

I do not for a moment think that the Government will listen to the terror- stricken shrieks of those who are demand-

ing the repeal of the law of peaceful picket- ing, but I do think it is very likely that we may have legislation rushed through in the autumn giving the Government more power to intervene in labour disputes ; and it may be that a suggestion which is being made will be adopted, namely, that workmen who will not in the first place submit their grievance to a Conciliation Board shall be deprived of the legal right to picket. To do that would be a blunder as fatal almost as to repeal the Trades Disputes Act. The Trade Unionists may be wiling to accept some scheme of compulsory Conciliation as a first step, but it is perfectly certain that they are not willing to have the right to strike taken away from them, if the decision of a Con- ciliation Board is unsatisfactory. A MODERATE BEGINNING.

As I have often pointed out any scheme of legal conciliation for this country will have to be of a very moderate character at first. The Trades Union Congress resolution upon Mr. Will Crooks' Bill must not be taken too seriously. Not one delegate in twenty who condemned the Bill, had ever seen the outside of it. The Manifesto of the General Federation of Trades Unions on this Bill is one which can carry no conviction, because of its wholesale condemnation. It describes the Bill in effect as bad in every word and clause, and as being one which may have come from an Employers' Federation. This is grotesque misrepresentation of the Bill. It is a Bill which has many good points; and what is more it is a Bill very much on the lines of legislation the trade unions will have to take before long; because there is no doubt about it that the country will

demand legislation which will compel both parties to a dispute to try to come to a settle- ment by negotiations before resorting to a strike or lock-out.

TWO SERIOUS QUESTIONS.

There are two matters on which the trade unions have got to make up their minds, and such extraordinary incidents as the Irish railway strike must force some decision on these two points. They are these : First, do trade uoionists while demanding recogni- tion reserve the right to "down tools" at a moment's notice; and, second, do they accept the new idea of the sympathetic strike carried to the extent of outside trades ceasing work, though they have no grievance themselves, and are working under an agreement? If the trade unionists give an affirmative answer to these questions, then, [ say to them frankly and fearlessly, that they are taking up a position, and demanding a liberty which will neither be granted nor tolerated in any country where there is a system of government and law. No individual workman or body of workmen ought to be compelled to work under conditions which are not acceptable, but society will fall to pieces, and a state of anarchy will exist if there is to be no such thing as legal contracts and social obligations. The workman is not willing to give up the . .

right to strike. He cannot agree to any restriction of the right to peaceful picketing. But as the workman is not the only person affected by the strike, he will have to give some consideration to the other interested parties, and the least they are entitled to demand is that before either the employers or the workmen bring a trade to a standstill they shall meet together and try to settle the dispute. THE MANCHESTER SCHEME.

It may be that I do not understand the scheme put forward by Sir Charles Macara` but so far as I do it seems to me hardly strong enough to meet the need. His pro- posal is that there shall be an Industrial Tribunal set up which shall be composed of the most experienced men connected with the great industries, both employers' and work- men's representatives. It is intended that this Industrial Tribunal shall be confined to some half-dozen of the great trades. This scheme assumes that there must be strong organisations on each side, organisations strong enough to enforce obedience to any agreement which may be entered into by the representatives of the trades concerned. Sir Charles Macara assumes rather too readily that there is little fear of agreements being repudiated by either party if each has a strong organisation. There have been many instances within the last two years which do not support that assumption. POPULAR INFLUENCE.

There is no compulsion in Sir Charles Macara's proposal to refer an impending dis- pute to the Industrial Tribunal. He seems to think that the pressure of public opinion would be sufficient to induce both workmen and employers to seek the assistance of this Tribunal before resorting to a stoppage of work. Again, recent experience does not support that assumption. But it may be if the Industrial Tribunal were in existence there would be a restraining influence against precipitate stoppages which is not felt at present. One thing iscertain,namely, that if the parties could be got to submit their dispute to this Industrial Tribunal, and if this Tribunal was so constituted as to command public confidence, its decision would

carry great weight, and which ever party refused to accept it would have public sympathy against it if it resorted to a stoppage of work. WHAT TO AVOID.

Whatever may be done must not be too drastic. L must not carry the appearance of being a limitation of the freedom and right of labour to fight for better conditions. The power of labour to enforce concessions by industrial action is at the best weak com- pared with the power of organised capital. 13ut legislation which provided the means for the reference of disputes first of all to a fair Industrial Tribunal would strengthen and not weaken the power of labour. The greatest asset which the workers can have is the sympathy of the public. When strikes take place now without any previous attempt at Concifiation, the public are in the dark as to the merits of the disputes. There are all sorts of conflicting statements, but all of them prejudiced or biassed. If an impartial enquiry could first be instituted, and if the report of that enquiry were made public, it would be a justification for a strike if the employers refused conces- sions to the workmen which the Tribunal had decided were just and reasonable. We are in very troublesome times. Cool heads are needed, but the difficulty is that they are hard to find when the blood is up. Certain recent happenings have made strikes popular in certain quarters. On the other hand these successes have aroused a desire to restrict the legal powers of the workers. The problem to be solved is to devise means by which the just advantages which can now only be won by the brutal method of the strike may be secured as concessions to the appeal of reason and justice.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB.

HOW CATS FALL.

A scientist has constructed an ingenious model to show why a cat in falling always alights on its feet. This model, roughly speaking, consists of a cardboard cylinder wherein are stuck four rods to serve for legs, together with a tail devised on similar principles. The object of the experiment is to show that a cat's peculiar faculty depends on the rotation of its tail with sufficient vigor. This faculty is one especially developed by climbing and leaping animals, such as members of the cat tribe, monkeys, squirrels, rats, and most lemurs. As mentioned, the tails plays an important part in the turning process. According to the investigator, all tree-inhabiting monkeys have long tails, and there is not the slightest doubt that these tails are of great aid to all climbers in enabling them to turn in the air. The tail also serves as a balancer, as evidenced in the case of a squirrel, which may be seen walking along a tightly stretched wire or string, swinging its tail from side to side, much after the manner of a tight-rope walker balancing himself with a pole. Pussy manages to turn in the air by giving her tail a vigorous twist and so bringing her body into the right position.

Yes, you may experiment with pussy; but remember that she has nerves and feeling.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
SCEP FICS.

When your old dad was as little as you Was be likely to do What they wanted him to? Why, certainly so ! And as quick as a wink He did as they Lid Lim beim e you could think. !ley ! Hey ? What do you say ? What makes you keep winking and grinning that way? Ye or uncle's been' telliu' you Funatlein' " ? Dear, dear ! Yen musn't believe all the stories you hear.

When dad and his playmates were nice little boys The Slat of their joys Was giving their t ya To poor little children who r &clod them more ; Your dad was so good he gave all of his store. Hey! Bey ? What do you say ? Your mother has some of 'ern now, put away ? Such nerve was unknown in my day !-I'll be bound Ytti imps have been snooping and prying mound. When daddy was young he was deaf dumb and blind To pranks unrefined ; He'd a serious mind. Ile paid no attention to girls and their looks, But gave all his time to his tasks and his books.

- thy! Hey? - What do you any ? Yes, mother was laised in the very same way. You found an old letter and read it 7—My Scat ! We allied to spack children for mischief like that. - Borges Johnson, THIS WEEK'S STORY. POOR TEACHER.

"Now, children," said the history teacher in her most impressive manner," I wish you to remember that the time to ask questions in my class is whenever anything is said you wish explained. Do not wait and then , complain that you did not hear 'or ' did not I understand 'when I talked."

" Yes'm " chorused the scholars, cheer- fully. " Very well," said the teacher," we will begin to-day with James First, who came after Elizabeth." The new scholar raised his hand. " What is it ?" asked the teacher graciously. "What made him go after her?'

===== 0002601_19110930_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
PILES CAUSED HIM 12 YEARS' MISERY.

Manchester Sufferer Permanently Cured by Zam-Buk.

Mr. William White is a happier man to-day than he has been for twelve long years, for Zam-Buk has com- pletely lid him of itching piles that made his life miserable. Mr. White, who is a gas-meter tester, lives at 20, Derby-street, Lower Broughton,Mancbeeter, where he told his remarkable experiences to a reporter. " It most be twelve years since the piles began to trouble me," said Mr. White. "At first I didn't know what was wrong, but I was CO plagued with the itch- ing that I quickly had medical advice. The doctor's ointments, however, had no good effect at all ; instead, I found the piles weedily getting bigger and more painful. When I went to bed or got extra warm the piles itched worse than ever, and I made mrelf quite sore through rubbing and scratching them. At times was so bad that I couldn't go to my work. . - .

" Just before last Christmas I bad an extra severe attack of the piles which kept me in bed laying on my stomash. One pile was a tremendous sze and hurt me terribly. The doctor then told me that nothing could cure me. But I was in ruch torture that I felt I most try something. So, after rrading how Zam-Buk bad cured another workman who had suffered for many a weary year, I sect for a box of the balm.

'Never shall I forget the relief Zsm-Buk brought me ! It soothed and softened the growths and enabled me to get about in comfort. By rerseveling with this rich balm I gradually got rid of the torturing oocoplaint, the big pile dying away in an astonishing manner. When at last I found mvsell free from pain and discomfort I felt really delighti-d, but waited to eee whether the complaint returned. But I have never bad any further trouble, and I am convinced that Zam-Biik bas completely cured roe."

===== 0002601_19110930_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
PILGRIMAGES

FAR AFIELD.

Luther and the Wartburg.

If there were but one place in Germany that the good Protestant were permitted to see, there is little doubt that his choice would fall upon the castle of Wartburg. In a striking and peculiar way the fine old fortress is associated with the Reformation struggle, and because of this will be famous as long as it stands. _ _

Perched high above the city of Eisenbach its two square towers have stood like sentinels for eight and a half centuries and have looked down upon scenes strangely diverse and wonderful.

Its origin is interesting. At the time— perhaps the very year—when the Conqueror was beginning his attack upon England, a hunter was pursuing the stag in the Thuringian forest. The hunt carried him to the top of the hill, and as he emerged from the trees at the summit the beauty of the scene laid hold on him. Instantly there rose to his lips a resolve, "Wart' Berg, du sollst Or eine Burg werden." ("Guardian of the Hill, thou shalt surely become a stronghold for me.") Four years later, in 1070, his wish was fulfilled, and his castle took its name from his first words " Wart Berg."

===== 0002601_19110930_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WARTBERG MEMORIES.

Quite apart from Martin Luther the castle would be famous. Its large-hearted builder was a friend of poetry and letters, and gathered here the most notable bards of I the Middle Ages. For years on end he sheltered and encouraged the singers of Europe at a time when few could see the value of their work. And they, in turn,

THE WARTBURG

I - I

' ' ''' / • - k• ; :i ~••=l4' . r . , ',..,...!-- 3...0., ' i , - . , , , - . • - , _ ..... ___

.. .. • .. u-, ~ - v , : . 6,-.114 4, I •„, r --...... t..., : ! i N. ', . , .... _ - .• ~ • ‘.• :•-,,,,,,..-••••,- .• - -•• $ -,4,1 - r Imaiginow .

===== 0002601_19110930_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
LUTHER'S ROOM IN WARTBURG.

The chamber is situated in the portion of the castle on the extreme left of the accompanying illustration, distinguished by its two chimneys. The wall, hacked by relic-hunters, is discernable in the right hand corner.

immortalised him and his glorious home, and made them famous by their songs. It was at Wartburg that the Battle of the Bards" was said to have taken place. and though the story is pure legend, it is valuable as showing how largely the castle was the home of the scholars of medieval days.

In one corner of the room the wall looks as though it had been attacked with a pickaxe. Formerly there was a black stain on the wall said to be the veritable ink stain, but the relic-hunter chipped it bare. Most obligingly the wardens inked the wall further on to keep up the interest, but it soon became evident that the entire chamber would have to be sacrified. Shorn of thirty square feet of plaster, and the rough stones showing, this corner of the room is far from inviting. Notwithstanding the interesting relics, we imagine that the most reverent visitors will find the view from the window more full of suggestion and inspiration. The glorious landscape spreads scarcely changed since Luther looked on it. Under this window he sat at his oaken table and translated the Bible. He would raise his eyes to look out in fragrant summer and through the snowy winter to find inspiration in the deep valleys and hills spread out before him. By the help of the picture we can imagine we see the resolute eyes looking upon the face of nature; the strong brain behind them busy the meanwhile thinking great thoughts and planning the great battle which meant so much to Europe and the world. A. M.

THE MANCHESTER POULTRY SHOW. The 131 h annual Headwater allow of prize poultry and pigeore will he held at Belle N'ue Gsres on October 21, 2.1, end 26. Chisses are provided for all the known varietiee, and a further saholir loins of colour is made in many 'elections. In all there are 491 ohms, chick are made up of 189 classes for poultry, 298diom for pigeons, and four chits.' tor appliance msauboturers

===== 0002601_19110930_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SAINT ELIZABETH.

_ The story of" Saint Elizabeth" is also interwoven with that of the Wartburg. Having lost her husband during the Crusades she was turned out of the castle by her cruel brother-in-law, and walked homeless until taken in by her uncle. The old castle is full of memories of" Holy Elizabeth," and because of this is very dear to the German heart.

Yet intcresting as these things are, they certainly would not attract to the Wartburg the thousands who annually pass through its gates. The supreme memory of the grey castle is not in medieval poetry nor in the sainthood of Elizaneth. The great interest centres in the fact that for one brief year it ' sheltered Martin Luther. LUTHER'S IMPRISONMENT.

Most of us know the story. Luther had hurled defiance at the Diet of Worms. Twenty-one days had been given to him in which to leave the country. It was the most critical time in the struggle. Luther was not the man to give way, nor were his enemies likely to relent. The days of grace were slipping away,when one evening a party of horsemen seized him and carried him under cover of darkness to the castle of Wartburg. From friend and foe alike Luther had disappeared. Since the attack was a forcible one it had the appearance of being the act of his enemies, but the plot was not a plot upon his life. It was the attack of a friend. Frederick the Wise had carried him to the lonely castle to save him from the hands of his foes. We can imagine how Luther's active spirit would chafe under the enforced confinement. Strangely, and in a way which no one could have foreseen, that quiet year at Wartburg changed history. A great project seized him. He would translate the Bible into the language of the common people. What Wycliffe and Tyndale did for England, Luther did for Germany. The people then spoke varying dialects. Luther gave them a Bible in rich beautiful language and the language of this book eventually became the common speech of the German people. Luther's translation on this account is by far the most famous book in German history. Yet its spiritual significance was greater than its literary. With the Bible freely circulated the battle of the reformation began to turn in favour of the Reformers. Luther's forced exile was the great providence of his life.

But we are not writing history; we have come to look with keenly interested eyes upon the castle chamber in which he lived. It is only a small room at the south-west corner, and our dim photograph will give the reader an idea of its appearance.

We are shown his bed, the side-posts of which have been cut to pieces by relic hunters. His table, the edges protected from the same tribe by pieces of tin, also remains, and we are shown his wife's wedding ring and other relics.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPULSORY SERVICE IN AUSTRALIA.

The movement by the extreme left wing of the labour l'arty here (writes the Melbourne correspondent of the " Maucheater Guardian") against the Com- pulsory Service Low parsed by the Labour Government In 101.0 has not died !may, as some expected. A medAl , has been struck in honour of the youth who declined to serve as &senior cadet on c nscientious grounds ; aad the Socialist party organisers, Resisted by ventral miners' unions, are i.suing mlnifestoes and passing denunciatory resolutions in one or two favourable centres.

0: b 3

ler it Name

rtningtt -the fla:

m's Coffee Essence

name guarantees ity, strength and tvour. No other as good. Economical,

3m

too— four cups of fragrant coffee for Id.

The, Syntin,bn 6 c.. ed.nbu re h 6 Landow.

1.1 RI, Sp - •

===== 0002601_19110930_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
INGTOM

'WEE ESSENCE

===== 0002601_19110930_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
6 6 GOODALLS."

46 ALLGOOD" ART CARPET.

BRITISH-MADE. REVERS(BLE.

SEAMLESS. DURABLE.

GUARANTEED TO BE THE BESr VALUE

===== 0002601_19110930_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
EVER OFFERED IN CARPETS.

" GOODALLS " POSSESS THE SOLE RIGHT OF SELLING THESE CARPETS IN GREAT BRITAIN 21 yards x 21 yards 152. 3d. 21 „ :3 „ Ns. 9d. 3 „ :3 „ 22..6d. 3 „ x 3!, „ 26.3d. 3 „ :4 „ ' 30s. Od. OTHER SIZES IN PROPORTION.

Samples Loaned on Application. Please Welts. Prompt Attention to Orders.

_ POSTAL ORDER DEPARTMENT. TERMS CASH OR SATISFACTORY REFERENCE WICH ORDER

6 6 GOODALLS," Estataished 1827.

KING. STREET, MANCHESTER.

There is a fine painting of Luther hanging in the room, and this helps us to conjure up the scene. We can picture him as he lives in this little room. He rises early and pours out his soul in prayer. No man has greater anxieties, and they would crush an ordinary soul, but his faith is greater than his fears. The winter storms burst around him, but he is within strong walls and the thought of his safety inspires him. It takes shape in the form of a great hymn of faith, the hymn which became the battle song of the Reformation— A mighty fortress is our God, A bulwark never failing _-• . .

Luther was iiot free from-spiritual wrest- lings during his confinement, and one familiar story may be quoted in illustration. It was in this room that Luther is said to have thrown his ink-pot at the devil. So real had the evil presence become that he felt him to be there in visible form, and took the ink-pot as a weapon.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7wmomi

===== 0002601_19110930_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR SERIAL STORY.

At,, RIGnTs UrsERvEPI

herelL I met not pause or nesttate sng - gingle instant ; all depend on the next few days." . _

===== 0002601_19110930_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FOUNTAIN OF BEAUTY

.„.. The waiter threw open the door, announc- ing: "Monsieur Layo,' and Seleucus entered the room. There were two ways in which Mary might treat this foreigner. She might be subser- vient, and show the fear she really felt, or she might be independent—indeed, almost rude. She quickly decided on the latter course. CHAPTER XXII. "Yon haven't given me much time," she TEE CONFEDERATES AT MARSEILLES. said. You, madame, will call me Monsieur A young woman, neatly and plainly La-co." was his remark. "I have come from dressed in grey, with a little black N.elyel the beloved city of Paris; I am on my way toque on her head, which was rendered to Baku, and perhaps I will go as far as becoming by a single feather of crimson, Resht, but my movements are uncertain." coquettishly placed at one side, might have M. Layo uttered this sentence in French. quays at Marseilles. She was a very pleasant z been seen pacing up and down one of th Mary nodded to him intelligently. Then she looking, well set - up little person, and rose and shut the door firmly. appeared to know exactly what to of .n . dand "Mr. Setenet's," she said, "it is necessary how to do it. There was not a scrap that we should have plain speaking. I will decision in her movements. She was of call you before others, ' M. Lavo, or any biding her time, and walking rather fast. tiameyou please; but if you want me to help For although Marseilles lies very far south, you, eyou must tell me how." it was cold, very cold, on this special day, man laughed. After a moment he saTh and even the sun, which was powerful in its id: way, could not keep back the icy breezes "I but obey the great Mina, as you, which came straight from the north-west. In madame, also obey him. PA " short, there was mistral abroad, and Mary Deepe, for of course it was she, was feelingr course, written to you about me. the influence of this terrible wind through He ban. Now. I have a plan to propose. Nadir Julaver arrives at Marseilles this even- and through her little person. Mary had sort of complexion which hie. The 'Amaryllis' is already signalled, v shad will arrive in port about nine o'clock. I neither cold air nor heat can possibly affect. It was always dead white in colour. It looked wish to bring Nadir Jelaver to this hotel— dead white to-day, but her eyes were the Hotel des Ambassadeurs, and I think it probablevon canhelp me in carrying that ' • brighter than their wont, and she was evi- out my design.'' dently watching for someone or something "Ah," said Mary. "but he is a great, rich for all she was worth. man. I have chosen this hotel because it is By and by, amongst the many people who not expensive." were crowded on this special quay, a man ~ It can all be managed. Nadir inlayer appeared, dressed in plain clothes—not the knows nothing about Marseilles; he will ex- plain clothes of an Englishman, but the plain peel to sail immediately to Balm, but even clothes of a French gentleman. Hi hair was for him none of the Massagerie boats bound cut in what might be termed the brush for the Black Sea will start before next 'rues- fashion—that is, it stood thick, black, and day. Ile must linger, therefore, in Mar- upright from his forehead. He was wearing sedles, madame; our opportunity to do what • sort of slouch hat, which he took off, as we want lies between this evening and Tiles- though he found it oppressive, and Mary's day morning. You are anxious to receive quick eyes immediately noticed the cut of his your reward. You would be glad to rejoin hair and his general features. Your husband. You have no special desire to These features were dark and regular, his 'take that tiresome voyage to Batum, and eyes almond-shaped and intensely black. He from thence to Baku, and to cross the Cas- wore a thick, black moustache, but the rest Dian Sea, and then go overland to Teheran. o! his face was clean shaven. He walked on it would be a cold and dreary journey, qufckly, not appearing to notice anyone, and madame; and, believe me. not unaccoiw disappeared into the offices of the Messagerie panied by dangers. I would suggest, there- line of steamers, fore, that you and I, aided by Riim—a. eer- - .. ... .

Mary smiled to herself when she noticed this. The man did not stay very long—he came out after a bit, and commenced to pace up and down the quay. Occasionally he put on a pair of pinsie-nez and surveyed the land- scape, just as though he were waiting for a certain vessel to arrive. Mary took in all details. After a moment she approached a stcp nearer. "Pardon me," she said, " perhaps you can give me information. lamon my way to Saturn, en route for Baku. I have failed to get full particulars as to when the neat Mes- sagerie boat leaves the Mediterranean for the Black Sea."

vast of the Mina's, a person who will do just what he is told and is absolutely pos- sessed of no conscience whatever—accomplish our little scheme between now and Tuesday. This hotel is built for the very purpose. Marseilles is the very town where we could best hope to succeed. These back streets, these rough people, these dirty surroundings, are all in keening. We have but to lore Julaver .ato e Hotel des Ambassa- deurs to make him vi easy prey." "But he sill lot come," said Mary; "and." she added, "I do not like this busi- ness." As shn uttered these words, Seleueus went

The man stared at her. At the same moment Mary pulled a glove from her left hand, and revealed the sparkling ring which she wore on her smallest finger. "Ah!" said Seleucus, for it was lie. He dropped his voice. "You are Mrs. Deepe?" Mary nodded. "I know all about you," said Seleucus. "And I know something about you," said Mary. "It is goixl." answered the Persian. "You are here to help me, madame." "Yes," she replied. Her voice was low and very quiet. "Ho not stand still, I beg of you, madame," continued Seleucus. "Pare with Toe tip and down. The great ship Amaryllis will not be in port until this evening. There is plenty of time, for no vessel of the Messa- genie line leaves for Datum until Tuesday next. Thin is Wednesday. We have, there- fore, the beat part of a week to wait." Mary felt herself colouring. "Are you surer she said. "Certain," replied Seleucus. "I have just been into the office to inquire. Would you permit me, madame, to take a passage for you on board the boat?" "It may not be necessary," said Mary. "At any rate, I will not secure a passage to- day." Seleucus gave lien a long and attentive glance. Ile noticed the firmness and thin- ness of her lips, the coldness of her eyes, a certain sort of avarice which seemed to linger round the corners of her mouth. He nodded once or twice to himself. "When the English are bad, they are very bad," lie thought. "This woman will he of use." Aloud, he said: "Permit me, madame, to accompany you as far as your hotel." "I am staying for the present at the Hotel des Ambassadeurs," replied Mary, naming a fourth-rate hotel in a back part of Mar- seilles.

up to her and looked her in the face. "You know, I presume. woman." he said. "What lies before you? Two things--life or dea/A." "I know," she said, shrinking away from him. "You are in my toils," he continued. "The commands of my great master are absolute. I am to make use of you. If you fail us, you are to be put out of the way; if you succeed. you are to be rewarded. I shall treat you situ all courtesy, madame, and you will treat me with courtesy. I shall often appear here, and you will introduce me to Nadir Julaver. whose acquaintance, I trust, you will make this very evening as all old friend of Yours, prhfreArtir . from Paris. I can talk the French lingo well, and, although I am a Per- sian, I think I sin clever enough to Mod- wink even Julaver." "But doesn't Julaver bring his own retinue with him?" said Mary. "He brings a servant, one. Abbas, the man who followed Your husband when he took the diamond to the Jew, Ben Sherlock." Mary shivered and covered her face. "Abbas we can quickly dispose of. Abbas is my affair," continued Seleucus. "Then what am I to do?" said Mary. "You are to induce Julaver to come to this hotel." "I don't even know him." "That is nothing to the purpose. Mark my words. The very moment he lands he will cross the qu•xy and go to the office of the Massagerie Line. You are to go there at the same time. You are to stand by his side, and you are to express regret at the unavoidable delay. Julaver can be gentlemanly if he likes. He will be tired, and nick of his ' voyage, for the Amaryllis is by no means an inviting vessel for a man to spend a week in. It has been a stormy week, too; and his ex- periences of the Bay of Biscay have been, ,doubtless, not exhilarating. You are to con- trive to get him to come to the Hotel des Ambassadeurs. Once here, all is safe." "But when he sees the place," said Mary. "Bah!" said Seleucus. "An Oriental won't

Be'encl.; bowed. " That is well," he said. " I will walk with madame as far as the entrance of the hotel."

Mary turned at onee, and the man dressed as a Frenchman kept by her side. They parted at the door of the hotel. As they were doing so he put a question to her. Have you a private sitting-room, Madame Deepet" "No," replied Mary; "I do not require it." Seleueus gave a bow, which was a little too Oriental, had anyone been there to ob- serve. "Will you do me the honour to secure such a room, and put the account to my mas- ter's expense?" "Why?" asked Mary. "It will be necessary for me to confer with you often. You are, I perceive, madame, a lady of much acumen; your brains are worthy of the East." Mary smiled. "I will order a private sitting-room Immediately," she said. "And I will do myself the honour of call- ing on you this evening," said the man. He withdrew. Mary went into the hotel, which was large, dirty, and rambling. She secured a small sitting-room on the ground floor, which she immediately took pc.ssession of. She longed fof her husband to be with her, but he and the had parted company at Lyons, where he would wait until the arrival of further news. It was impossible for them to be seen together at Marseilles, as Nadir Julaver would recognise Deepe at once. Mary had not for a single moment re- pented of her resolve. Everything depended on this last venture. She had gone from one wickedness to another, and she would not turn back now. Nevertheless, there was a queer trembling over her, and she felt that she disliked Sciences more than anyone she had ever met. She had always imagined her- self to be calm, but beside 'his impenetrable calm, hers seemed to be the mere echoes of a storm. His inscrutable eyes could hold a secret without betraying the faintest gleam of knowledge, whereas hers, cold as they were, must appear to his superior vision like an open book. She sat down and thought. A German waiter bustled in, inquiring if the lady wanted anything. Mary desired a fire to be, lit. It was done. It smoked atrociously.' She coughed as she sat in the dirty room mid tnied to look out through the smoke-begrimed windows. Marseilles was by no means a place to her liking. The sun had now gone in too, and the roaring wind which sent the puffs of smoke so persistently down the chimney grew worse and worse. "We will haf in zee night Arhowklirhes Welter! " said the German waiter, as he once more entered the room; "and there is • shentleman who wish to speak with madame. Shall I beg off him to enter dee' room?" Mary said "Yes; show the visitor in." She considered that Sciences had not left tier much time; but so much the better. .1' bn is the crucial moments.- sim e.sid to

notice the dirt, and there are big rooms up- stairs. Come with me, now, immediately we will make preparations, and the hotel shall send down its omnibus to the quay. It is very doubtful whether any other hotel will provide omnibuses to meet such an unimpor- tant boat as the Amaryllis. He will step into the trap laid for him as surely as steel turns to the magnet. Now, come with me, and we'll make preparations." "You are wonderfully clever," said Mary. "Clever?" said Seleucus. "I do not under- stand your English words. I have to accom- plish a task, and it is for you and me, madame. a question of life and death. Come at once." "But the servant Abbas?" "Don't make obstacles. Abbas will ac- company his master. Ile will be harmless. Ktim will see to Abbas. You and I madame, sill attend to Nadir Julaver." Mary accompanied Setenons into the ball of the 'hotel. There were people of all nationalities going in and out. The swing doors were eternally on the move. The place was at once cold and stifling. A showily dresded woman sth black hair and a some. *hat greasy complexion sat in the bureau. Mary came forward. "Hy friend, M. 1.av0," slie said, "wishes to know if you can accommodate a gentleman of some importance who will arrive at Mar- seilles this evening?" Madame Gautier became on the spot all at ttntion. "But we have many rooms," she said; "and most spacious, most elegant, most superb." "Our friend wants a suite of rooms, and they must be comfortable," said Mary. Then she added in a low voice: "The price doesn't greatly matter, for he is rich, and great. Will you show me the rooms you propose to have ready for him?" Madame Gautier herself conducted Mary and M. Lavo upstairs. There was a lift that worked spasmodically, but on this occasion they ascended by the broad low staircase. It was of stone, very dirty, and destitute of car- pets. On reaching the first floor, they turned down a wide corridor, and Madame Gautier, with an sir of intense pride, flung open the door of a lof i buy sitting-room, stood n the en- trance, raised her hands with • gesture of eestaey, and said: "Behold for yourselves, Madame and Mon• slew'!" The room was spacious, certainly, and the furniture fairly good of its kind. But it had long past its meridian of excellence. The pattern of the carpet was no longer distin- guishable; the windows were as smoky and dirty as the window of Mary's small sitting- room. There was a good deal of furniture of the heavy description. A bugh table, covered with a dirty plush cloth, stood in the centre of the apartment. Over the mantelpiece was the invariable mirror, much tarnished with age and use. A couple of sofas, with broken springs, stood uninvitingly one at each side a tb• fire,?--s;

Mary ordered a fire to be lit; and the room to be cleaned, and then proceeded to inspect the bedroom beyond. It was dark and dis- mal, but M. !taco, in his most courteous French. said that he would venture to secure Ibex apartments for one night in the hope that his friend, Nadir Julaver, a very great gentleman from Teheran, would occupy tlitn. He further desired that the omnibus of the hotel should wait at the quay for the arrival of the boat. Then, having requested Mary to see that the rooms were really at- tended to, and having further desired Madame Gautier to have plenty of food in the house and the best coffee ready for Jula- ver, he went away. Before he went he had a word with Mary.

"I consider the thing accomplished," 'he said. " Nadir Julaver will come here. You will have made his acquaintance in advance. lie will be more than content with his ac- commodation and, if you are a clever woman, you will win your way. But—may I recall to your mind once more, that failure means"— be dropped his voice—"denth !"

(To be continued).

===== 0002601_19110930_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
L. T. MEADE, Author of 'The Rebellion of Lit Carrington." "A Sweet GO Graduate." fire.

WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Ring's First Statne.—The first statue af King George V , standing altogether some 30 fret high, was unveiled in the grounds of the Crystal Palace last week, by the Lord Mayor of London. It is the work of Mr. Arthur Rogers, sculptor, and represents his Majesty is his Coronation robes. The figure, 16 feet high, has teen designed, and made in bronzed plaster, during the past three montts, at the Festival of Empire, at the Palace, which is now over. Vhat will become of the statue ore hardly knows, seeing that the Crystal Palace has been catalogued for sole by anction in a few week's time, There has been a good deal of talk of acquiring the Palace, and its beauti- ful grounds as a national memorial to King Edward, end the Lord Mayor took the opportunity afforded by the unveiling ceremony, to trace the inti- mate connection of the Roy ti Family with the Crystal Palace, since it was first erected in Hyde Park for the Exhibition of 1851. It was afterwards opened at Sydenham Hill by Queen Victoria and the Prince Con- sort in 1851. The great misfortune was, that the spot chosen for its re-erection, was not served by a direct main line railway. Although only some 60, 7 miles from the heart of London, it is, in the ordinary way, the beat part of an hour's journey to get to the Palace, and it la the lack of facilities for easily getting there, facilities which in many respects as regards the railway Cos., are little better thsn they were half a century ago, that has brought the Palace to its present financial strs its. •" •

Our Historic Historic Buildings—The Americans, unlike our- selves, and particnlarly Scotsmen, live in a country that has no castles, and that is perhaps one reason why we so often hear that their millionaires contemplate buying tip this or that historic building, in which we ought to take a national pride. Hut it is much easier to tslk of buying up Windsor Castle, or Glastonbury Abbey, and re-erecting it in the States, -stone for stone, and brick for brick, than it ie to do it, and itis too absurd to suggest that the ascient tower of Tattershall Castle, w !lido is 900 feet high, could be removed to the States in this wanner. It hen been announced that an American millionaire has bought it for remove' and re-erection in the States, but the titter, all that remains of the original building, is of brick, huilt in the fifteenth cen- tury, and its walls are in pl10(s fifteen feet thick. The result of an eppeal for subscriptions to save it from this fate WRS £6OO, of which £509 Won promised by a single dono.. No doubt this meagre respsnse was in part due to the scepticism with which the whole affair is regarded, but it affords another evidence of the national indifference that is invariably displasel in the matter nf the preservation of our historic buildings. I Sleep Training.—The fresh air enthusiasts who have been sleeping in the garden during the summer, are now returning to their accustomed quarters in doors. The Bible warns us against the night air, and the bird always sleeps with its head under its wing, but then is no doubt that the doctors are right in saying that we should sleep with open bedroom windows whenever possible. If one's room lancer to a main told noise may make it impos- sible to rest with open windows, and in this age of ever iocrensing motor traffic mothers of young children are advised to train their little ones to sleep through noise and disturbances. The old notion of imposing silence on the household for fear of waking the baby, is, we are told, all wrong. If the child is trained to sleep Welles all kinds of noise, it will he much better able to defy nocturnal distsubances when grown up. At least that is what the sleep specialis's say, although they will find it difficult to get mothers, who as it is, are eccustonied to pass re tless eights, to put this thu ory very thoroughly into practice. Feeding the Itirds.—The experience of the Milhorne farmers who organised a campaign against sparrows and have found a considerable diniiention in the damage to their crops, tends very strnngly to confirm the view that those who say that these birds should be pieced In a category different from that of our beautiful song birds, which cannot be too sedulously protected. The sparrow indeed is very much of a uisance. Among his sine are the facts that he destroys nearly every kind of crops, and not only does little or nothing towards protecting them from insects but drives away swallows and other birds, whose presence would be advantageous to the farmers and those who cultivate gardens. When the weather becomes more severe we shall find kind- hearted people writing to the papers asking housewives to feed the birds, but while the suggestion is honour- able to the writers, at the same time those who have tried, know, that at any rate, in London and the great towns, feeding the birds means only feeding the sparrows, which will not suffer the beautiful birds to COMB near. The Crinoline Scare—lt is said that the crinoline scare—it is nothing more—had its oriein ins Paris home noted for its freaks of fashion. This FAMO firm originated the harem skirt last spring, and to maintain a rcpulatitn for originality, has this autumn designed a model, which is, to all intents and purpose., a bell- shaped sheath, for as fares the knees it is as tight as the bobble ; below the knees the skirt widens out like a bell, and is distended just above the ankle.s, by means of a wire stiffening. When not carried to the extreme, this skirt is by no means unbecoming, nor is it altogether ungreoefut, and it is undoubtedly capable of modification. An the season advances it will, is all probability, be considerably improved and altered and the result may give us a teeny smart skirt. There is still great diversity of opinion with regard to the width of skirts for the wiser. At present, last spring's styles are worn by smart women, and shown in many of the last houses, and these are very good examples for ordinary folks to follow. The skirt more thin any any other part of womens' attire seems this season to have agitated authorities on dress, and uncertainty and contradiction, characterises statements made by tailors, dressmakers, and fashion papers. All this, however, should prove an advantage for every woman may wens the width that pleases her, and still feel herrielf fashionably clothed. For evening skirts there is a unanimity in style. Except for dancing, a train of sorts is derrigeur. The skirt is of narrow dimeesions,and just tomtits the grounds until the train —which in most oases, Is m• rely an elongation of the hanging ranel— is reached. This psnel may be sq..are ,or it is fish-tail shaped. There is no sweep as of old, hut the present apology may, before the season is over, develop into something more imposing. Winter Millinery.—The felt hat of the smooth floe type, is this winter to come into its own again, and, inharmonious as such a mingling of fabrics may sound, it will be trimmed with lace, not only in its natural and string colones, but in every imaginable dyed shade. These latter make very u Elective butterfly bows, one of which frequently constitutes the sole trimming of a fine felt hat. Felt velours, a thick fabric, with a rough eurface, is more suited for seaside weer, the moors and the country. Black velvet ribbon strings are a revival used with every type of hat. Sometimes the ends are tied at the nape of the neck, or one end hangs, instead of in front, over the shoulder. The strings are often threaded through the crown of the hat. Enormone flowers made of velvet and satin, such as gigantic poppies, roses and orchids, with big hLck bows in soft silk, arid of course aigrettes in a variety of shades form the trimmings of autumn and winter hats. Indeed this may be said to be a season of bows, for both on bats and dresses they play an important role. The bows on most of the toques are very big, and look like fly-sway wings. The wide ends of some of the black velvet bows seem instinct with life, and to be on the point of soaring skywards

===== 0002601_19110930_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUNGEST MUSICAL BACIIELOR.

Ness was received from Durham University on I Saturday that Mr. Fred Candlin, aged eighteen, of Northwich, believed to be the youngest musician is England ever to take the degree, had peeped his final examination as Mus. Bac. Mr. Candlin is the son of the organist at Davenham l'arish Church, and has served as assistant organist at Doncaster, under Mr. \VIII', id Saundersen, and has also deputised for Mr. J. Patterson Shaw at Northwich Parish Church. For one so young, his success is remarkable.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

"CLAI DIAN." I note with intermit that Mr. Was. Maclaren is on the point of a week's engagement at the Reyal Court Theatre, and that he is to play " Cloudier' " nightly from Monday to Saturday next inclusive. I venture to cam:lend the fixture to three who do not regularly patronise the stage. Awing there) are d ,übtless not ' a few will have at least once made an exception in favour of the " Sig i of the Cross," and who have always felt that in that they did well and wisely. I can promise them that they will be not less instructed and beuefited by a visit to " Clandian." Mr. Maclaren and his wife (d iughter of Mrs. 13 mdmann-Palmer, who in her time played many parts, including the title 'role in " Hamlet ") are most conscientious as well as highly accomplished artistes, and the lady's presenta- tion of " Elmida " after she becomes blind is extraordinarily fine. I witnessed it a couple of 3 ears ago,and I was profoundly impressed. In that insta, ce the local conditions were not equal to an adequate representation of the thrillieg earthquake scene, but even so the effect was memorable. Those of my :cadent who do not care either for ord.nary melodrama or comedy, and yet profess to believe that there is a mission for a serious and purified stage, slicu'd by all means see " Claudian." MATRIMONY. Among thenumerous reboot boy "hlwlers," genuine and deliberately manufactured by enterprising journalists, is one in which mat,imony is described en " a state of sin and misery into which mankind fell through our first parents eating of the forhiollen fruit." Nevertheless, this or any other issue of the "Examiner," being ei.ness, Warringtanians con- tinue almtst daily to voluntarily and with evident pleasure enter that state hum whose bourne there is no return. Yes, yes; as it was in the beginning and is now, assuredly it ever shalt be. And, indeed, were it otherwise what would became of the professional jokers afaresaid—not to take into account the rest of mankind. For instance The curate had just arrived. He was young, hand- some and single, and consequently very popular with --theiadietroLthe-pariA, whose appreciation took the usual form of worked slippers. Recently the follow- ing episode recurred : Fair Caller : " You see I wanted to make Mr. Chasuble a put of slippers, and I thought you might lend me one of his old shoes to get the size." Curate's Landlady : " Law, miss, the shoes bar all a-given out four days ago ! And it was only yesterday morning a lady as heard his shoes was all bespoke came here a-imploring of me to let her , measure his footmarks in the hall after he's been a- , gardening." Here's a variant : Thirty-seven young • ladies of the congregation had in mind 37 pairs of ' slippers far the new curate. But one young lady made known her intention, ard when the day arrived the curate received one pair of slippers and 36 dress- ing gowns. What I read about slippers in last Satur- day's " Women's Clint " brought these to mind. PEDESTRIANISM. I have interviewed more "freak " pedestrians than I can remember by name, though, if called upon, I could reftesh my memory by referense to the inevitable post cards, espies of which were in each case thrust upot me. There win one who trundled a pair of carriage wheels as he went through the country ; and there was a foreigner German, I think —who pushed his wife and child in a kind of bath chair, and told me be had undertaken to thus propel them round the world. Of course, there was a substantial wager involved ; and, equally of course, as already indicated, the family maintryned themselves co route by retailing at a penny each postcards which cost about that per d)zen. Again, owe when I was editing a weekly paper in a Lancashire cotton town, a young fellow who was wo.lling the Union Jack as a vest burst into the place with a story to the like effect, the difference between hie methods and that of the astute continental being that he relied upon newspaper men to supply the wherewithal--a fatal blunder. Then there was that sturdy oil mechanic, Mark All, who, although upwards of NO years of ago, thought nothing of a tour ef the British Isles on foot. Ile would work at his trade on the way, and yet walked 100,006 miles in nine years, passing through five cintinente. INDOMITABLE.

After these came Schilling, win, last week took Warrington in the course of his second walk round the world. When I last encountered him, he stated that he had undertaken to walk 20,000 miles through Great Bi Rain and the Continent during the ensuing three years, this being the :amine et a wager of £5,000. Ile had then walked 2,116 utiles, drawing with his one arm his " airship," weighing ficwts , in ' which he took his meals and slept at nights. His longest walk on one day was 31 miles,die average being 181. His previous walk round the woad was accomplished in ten years. I was informed that the conditions in that instance were that Schilling should start from New York in a paper suit, without a cin in his pocket, and cover the distance in eight years. Unfortunately so many were the difficulties he encountered that he over-ran the time limit, and so lost the wager. All the other conditions however, he faithfully fulfilled. He left New York on August 3rd, 1807, in a suit ingeniously constructed out of newspapers, sad without a cent, in his pockets. lie made money on the road by lecturing and Bering pamphlets and photographs of himself. According to the story he then told, he met with frightful hardships during his ten years' tramp. A thousand miles of the outward journey to Vancouver were made through snow; he nearly died of thirst in South Australia, saving himself by cutting the telegraph wire and so bringing the mounted repair gang to his rescue; he was left for dead by the Boxers during the rising in China; was in prison two- ar.d-a-half months in Turkey; and had many narrow shaves in India. Reminds one of Foster Fraz w's big bicycle run. Other walks Schilling has carried out include Pittsburg to New York, 111 miles, inn nine dun; and Pittsburg to San Fraucbc) and back, 8,900 miles, in nine months and 28 days. Walking enthusiasts hereabouts wee, gready interested it. this confirmed vagrant on the (-mei -12 of his visit to Warrington. These, by-the-bye and in conclusion, take pride in the as ertion, that while every form of exercise has its particular seasons —cricket and tennis and swimming in summer, and football and hockey and gymnastics in winter —there is no close season for their hobby ; there may be better times than others, but all times are available to them. FEEDING OF SCHOOL CHILDREN. That there are aspects of this question that the special pleader reported in your last dtd not feel called upon to mention goes without saying. As I write I have before me a report of the Hoard of Education on the working of the Provision of Meals Act, passed in 1901; This, as readers generally will in all likelihood be aware, gives power to one the rates for the supply of meals, but the limit of rate-aid is the proceeds of a levy of a halfpenny in the A:. As to the recovery of the ciAst of meals it is provided that the authority " shall " charge any parent with the cost of food stupefied "unless they are satisfied that the parent is unable by reason of circumstances other than his own default to pay the amount." There is no specified sum that shall be charged, but whatever the authority fixes the parent must pay subject to the above Con- dition, and the amount may be recovered by legal proceedings from any contumacious person' Omitting all reference to the elaborate statistics which the document contain', I may just state that in a preparatory note to the report Mr. C. A. Selby Big,ge, as principal assistatit secretary of the elementary education branch of the Board's staff, says —"lf children are admitted to meals without , any previous investigation of the pecuniary circum- stances of their parents, then from the economist's i point of view, the failure to recover, or to attempt to recover, any appreciable part of the cost requires justification." fhore are other considerations which I should like to touch upcn. As the report to which , I refer very truly says, a really large proportion of the badly-nourished childrea suffer from unsuitable food rather than iron lack of

means. It is pr ibahly no exaggeration to say that the improvement which could be effected in the phyaique of elementary school children in the poor parts of our large towns, if their parents could be taught or persuaded to spend the same amettot of money as they now spend on their children's food in a more enlightened and sensible manner, is greater than any improvement which could ha effected by feeding them intermittently at the cost of the rates. It may be unppular to write thus; as to that, I do not know —n ogre. After all, though I can tot gt nearly so far as did speakers at the Co-operative 11 .11 meeting last week, I really sympathise with reasonable schemes for the feeding of necessitous children at the pablic expense. INDUSTRIAL TRAINING.

As to this, and the kindred subject which occupied time and attention at laat week's meeting of the Warringon Education Committee, there is already in existence a good deal of nrire or less cumliersome machinery of which those for whose benefit it has been designed and is being somserh it expensively maintained appirent'y do not avail themselves to any- thing like the full extent. Perhaps the National Industrial Educational Leagne —which several months ago was formally started on its c ireer at a meeting in the Guildhall amid blessings from the King, leading statesmen, 1 irge employers of labour, Chambers of Commerce and orga,iised bodies of workpeople —may lead to something bAter, though s ioth to say, I for one have heard little of its operations since its inauguration. The conference at which this took place declared that it viewed with grave concern the large number of children annually leaving sch sel with- out practical training f Sr definite vocations,and resolved that a nati neat systern of industrial, professional, and c ammercial training should be establishi d, to which the children shall pars as • matter of curse (unless the parents are prepared to undertake their future trainieg) and without interval, for a definite period, to be thoroughly trained for entry to that particular calling for which they are best fisted, such training to be under fully qualified instructors. Also that the Government be urged to provide by legisla- tion such a complete system of [raising, foe to all seholars, and the expanses thereof defrayed from the National Exchequer. Go d old National Exchequer ! At the ever-accelerating pace at which we are travelling, especially an to educatio a (the great importance of which all most ecog lase), a vast army of permanent officials will be nee led for administrative purposes, and —but to cooknue in this strain were a high crime and misdemeanour indeed, so I must forbear. Moreover, when all is said and done, I am but a child in these matters. Wlltar'S IN A NAME. One of the most inveterate and notarious and troublesome topers I have known answered—as the " Lost" dog advertisemvnta have it —to the name of Drink water ; and I notice 1 that a person so-coiled was recently before the Warring'on Bench on another charge, and that it was incidentally remarked that he, too, somewhat balied his patronymic. The man's nneommon baptismal name reminded me of a police court incident occurring in my experience years ago. I do not remember telling the story before ; anyhow, here goes. A witness gave the name of Kelita W----, and it was evident that the prssiding magiatiate (a high and dry old Tory, by the way, who prided himeelf particularly on his Churchrnanship and wrongly and consistently advocated as of supreme impartance the Anglican system of Bible teaching in day schools) had never heard it before. " Kelita, Kell's," ninsed the puzzled chairman, then, addressing the solid figure in the box, he demanded " Where in the name of , goodness did your parents get that name from " And the serious-looking bearer of the mysterious name, without turning a hair or betraying the ghost , of a smile, womptly replied " Tent chapter o' t' Neenaiati, an' test voss." I have often wondered if , he appreciated the humour of the sittiatiiin. I now , wonder ill have mentioned it before in thin column.

If I have I may perhaps tdaim pardon on the ground that I do not often repeat inyaelf, eh ?

===== 0002601_19110930_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISH CHURCH UNION. Welsh Disestablishment and Other

Controversial Top:cs

THE CHURCH AND LABOUR DISPUTES

The beet attended meeting of the English Church Union held iii Warrington for many yenta took place at Fulfilild achools on S turday afternoon. The members of the Warrington branch were re-iuforced by con- tingents from ',sigh and other places and an address by the Rev.E.R. Tortola, vicar of It. bleorge's, Altrincham (formerly of St. Paul's, Warringtoo), on " The present duty of Churami n " was listened to with greet interest. It was originally intended to hold the gathering in the Rectory ground., but the breakdown is the weather made that impossible. The Rev. Wilfred Stanton, of Thelwall (president of the South-West Lancashire district of the Union) presided, and was supported by the Revs. Canon Willis, E. R. Tarhock, J. 11. O. Hollingvvorth (hon. secretary of the Warrington branch), J. Holden (Antrobin), and J. T. Lawton (Leigh) and Mr. C. Sawkins Burgess (hon. treasurer). The Csiainmars said it woo important that Church- men should not allow themselves to be deceived by the present outward appearance of calm and quietneas. They would hare plenty of trouble and strife vary soon. It would probably begin with the report of the Royal Commission on Divorce which he knew the headquarters of the E.C.U. looked forward to with grave apprehension, because they were very much afraid that there might be endeavours to assimilate in some respects the Divorce Laws of England with those which obtained in some of the United States of Amerioa—he di! not 0016 in anything like that iniquitous .proportion, hit the teadency would be in thtt direction. They must be careful, as Catholic member, of the ,Aturiala of England, that in all their intercourse with ot ters,in all their thoaghts about Holy Matrimony, in everything they said or did connected in that object, in public or private, they upheld most strictly the law of the Western half of the Church as regarded that holy sacrament—that it was indissoluble within the life-time of either partner. The education question was also sure to come up again—possibly in an aggravated form now that the House of Lords had been got out of the w iv, ass body able to stop legiala- tion. Probably they would have very great trouble with their schools. nose members who had come lrom the Blanchester diocese had a splendid leader in their Bishop who, however they might differ from him, unhappily, on other questioes, hod most nobly upheld the cause of religious education. (Applauee.) With regard to the Church in Wales, the English Church Union ass body bed no politics and was not concerned with abstract theories of Eetobbehment or, strictly awaking, with eadowments. There was, howe soar, no doubt that the Bill which was coming would be of a most iniquitous nature and would touch on tire province of the E.C.U. because it would strive to inter- fere with the spiritual char inter of the Church. It would not be a mere matter of Establishment or endowment, but it would attempt to separate the Welsh dioceses from the province of Canterbury, and would dictate to the Church as to what it was to be. That they could never allow at the hands of Parliament. (Applause). Further, the endowments most clearly belonged to religion but now it was evident that they were going to be taken away and regarded as merely national endowments to be devoted to national purposes.

The itev. E. It, Totter. K devottd the first part of Ins address to the importance of Church defence. The ' present position of the ancient endowments of the Church, he said, was weak, weak not in the complete- flea, of her title needs, not because the Church was not . a good steward of her endowments, but weak because of , the keenness of her enemies and the ruthlessness of their attack, and because of the ignorance of those who, whilst outwardly Indifferent to her call to worship, would not suffer a grievous wrong to be done did they but know the truth. These most be taught the truth. (Applause). As to the grievousness of the proposed injury to the Church, it was all very well to talk from the lofty heights of safe life interests about being superior to the value of loaves and fishes, and it was possible that were life interests not secured a very different cry would be raised. (Hear, hear.) The posi• tins wee grave when they found the " Church Times" assuming an anxious tone on she pleaded for work, hard work in Church defence. He knew that at times when individual bishops seemed to be so peculiar as to become a stumbling block in the way of progress, sod some particular order issued from all episcopal palace, or some latitudinarian rumoring, were heard from a pulpit in temporary occupation of a father in God, they were all more or less tempted to cry '' The Church has become Erastiso, let us free her from the State." But freedom from State control did not follow from die• establishment, as Wesleyans and other sectarians could remind thorn, and episcopal vagarious were by no meths absent from a Free Church, as the churches of America and Australia bore significant witocis from time to time. Moreover, whilst they were sending of their best in men and women to meet the agricultural labourer as he arrived in the groat North-West, it was folly to talk of the unimportance of the loaves and fishes at home when they knew that the country districts of Wales would be denuded of clergy and they would be unable to back up the tremendous call for enormous support of the missionary cause if most of the anoient endowments of the Church were si.cularised. All the little and big weaknes es of some of their present fathers in God that were so tantalizing and so irksome to esrnest parish priests could be removed, and could be removed quite as well without going through ths wholly unnecessary and at least the partially ineffective wonndieg of the Chitral lumen as a whole. Elaving contended ttat dilestabliabomt eta oaceces-

leery, even its the case of the frisk Cherch, Mr Terbuck said a Sootehman had been deli tied as one litho kept the Sabbath sad anything else be could lay his handg on— (leughter)--hut Sootclimen were not the only firitisbers just now exhibiting merited tendencies to lay hande on others' property, and if the Church of Wales ems die- endowed, despite her complete claim to the very opposite kind of treatment, the result to the morale of English people would to a national calamity, so almoet unthinkable degradation to the country's character. (Applause.) Their Trot immediate duty seemed, then, obe to defend the English Church from mutilation and the Welsh brethren from spoliation. Their second immediate duty seemed ta bat,, unite more ciosily and nick partisanship at least for awhile. In this connec- tion the speaker condemned the irritating &Wilt le of "cold superi 'Sty so I s trotstio routine I," and urged thi re,i•esentetivei of eag't e.ihool of thought to unite on the great oentr ii troths and pstieotly to hoar with dill 'tones of opinion ['hey did not went to discourage the eeel of Low Churchmen, end they were to-day all agreed that the lore of evangelical e el among the Islorconformiste even was a great Ii on to the forces that made for righttourness. lie did not renteml Cr e single year out ot the het teenty that be had not prepared dissenters for confirmation, rod yet whilst •lisays speaking Oda truths about dissent for the sake of his own people, he had raver yet quarrelled with a die-enter. Pined; the spanker said Churchmen must not be over anzious for the Church to iuterveoe as arbitrator in the labaur dirputes. The present duty of the Church was three- fin l I—to pray, to resd wet watch, a,d t r teach. Need he tree the first in the present distreet of conflict ? To understrod was to be able to teath at least eith sympathy and impartiality, to curb oneself and keep from taking aid,,, To teach, nit Tariff Iteform or Free Trade, not Uniouism or freedom, not Socialism or Individuslirro, but gre ter things • then these. They hod no titre to each anything less then the Cathelic faith, and to do it at present especially with the be)adest if charity. (Applause) But .osur, the manor Ity, meat he prsectied in ;meson and out of reason area amid the wrangle of parties and thi wreck of conititutions end tbespoltation of churches. The tenths Become-yr to their salvation were subjects which they were specially able to speak ehout. They wool I be iocreseingly necessary for the stability of "winkled here and the salvation of mankind hereafter. Let them remember that Christian Socialism was based on iodividuslisro after all. Physical comforts were no to be unduly megnified. On the other hand woe be to the priest of God who neglected the fundamental for the g tperfiyiol, the cause for any department of the effect, tho permanent for the tran- sitory, the eternal for the temporal. (Applause.)

1110 —BISHOP OF II KRIII"JRD AND lIHNIWINVORM HITS. The CH AIRMAN proposed the following resolution : —" That this meeting of the Warrington branch of the English Church Union and members of neighbouring branches desires respectfully but emphatically to pro- test against the recent action of the Lord Bishop of Hereford in administering Holy Communion in his Cathedral to Dissenters un-confirmed and possibly on-baptised and records its conviction that such a breach of Church order is calculated to hinder rather than to promote the cause of home reunion. " Ile contended thst the Church of England had been con- siderably compromised by the action of the Blab ip of Hereford. One did not want to say hard and unchsri- able things about one who WOO a Christi in Bishop and an old man and who, they believed, had the CMIB3 of home reunion most earnestly at heart. It was only against the methods which it had seemed good to him to adopt to promote it that they protested. Tbe Bishop had admitted to the holiest service of the Cturch those who were in open rebellion against the Ca. Italic Conrail of the country and against his own authority. The need loran increase of the episcopate had been strongly urged of late, bat if they were to have bishops who gave away the church like the Bishop of Ilereford had done, would they really he any better for an increase ? Such actions as the one under consideration struck to the root of any real Church reform. (Applause.) The Rev. .J. H. G. HOLING WORTH, in amending, said that as Catholics they had to support Catholic law and order and to protest against the action of anyone wbo tried to defeat it. It filled one with great sorrow to Bud a Christian bishop acting as the Bishop of Hereford had done. Such a step would prevent pimple, and especially adults, coming forward fcr confirmation. He did not think it would tm possible in the Roman branch of the Church. _

The resolution 'MS oarrie 1 ananimoudy. The Rev. J. floidnaX in proposing a vote of thanks to the Rev. E. R. Tarbuck and tho Rector. said that, although the present was • time of anxiety for Churchmen it ens not slime for despondency. Although ' their enemies were numerous and well-equipped, there was in the Church an amount of enthusiasm amid deter- mination, not very loudly expreseed, but when the time came it. would shlw itself mad effectively. (Appleuse). Alr, Liroa (recrenary of the Li igh branch) seconded and the vote wan heartily accorded. The R WPM, in ref lending, said be had been in rington for more item twenty years, and had never seen a meeting of tho B.U.U. anything like the aim of that our. (Applause). lie wax not re member of the E.C.U., and be was afraid very few of the clergy in Warrington were, but at the Barrie time be thought the local clergy acre a most united land, in fact he hail .never known, during the whoM of the time he tad been here, such good feeling as existed at psi sent. Till nigh they perhaps did not all think alike, they were all devoted to the Church. (Applause). After the meeting tea was served. TEo day'a pro- ceedings cloned with Ch. red Evensong at the Pettish Church.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW Farg_coi THERAPII,O pnLat retnedy'.viseit in , ontlnmtal I tospitals by it °Pt ottanjnbert.Velp- eau others, turn., a-s everything bairn,' entpkirt lor ininuittvof blood. spittt.blete hea,pain rt joint; An. y, bladder wiz nary diseases, strii tu re, disr battos, pi km, gravel. pai n sin hark, icout.rheyinatlen exhaust :OWN st.-,-plesaness, 111ree (twin*, Nos. 1, 1 & 3. ar, eeding to +sea..., Price MP ,partv t Lars IL stamp, post fr. in Great Britain front The Le Cie= Medicine Cn, itockAparLaws.tead.liagra"&priacipaciosisir

- V

===== 0002601_19110930_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
110-1-micT 11r.w5 ill

Moore. MOORE WESLEYAN CliraCH. 4", The harvest thanksgiving services were held at the Wesleyan Church, Moore, on Sunday last September 24th. The church bad been very tastefully decorated with flowers and corn, a generous supply of these, also fruit and vegetables having been sent by members of the congregation. The preacher in the morning was kl r.Brocklehurst and in the evening Mr. Peaks. At the evening service the choir rendered the anthem " Make a joyful noise," by Simper. The ladies responsible for the decorations nave —Mm:s Cartwright,Mrs J Jackson, Miss Jones, Miss A Lawton, bliss E Shaw, Miss Plurnpton, Misses Rand W Done, Miss V de Prez,Miss Johnson, M iss Castle and MIES A Millington. Mrs J Lawton very kindly provided afternoon tea for the helpers. On Monday the fruit and vegetables were distributed amongst the sick and poor of the village.

..... _ Croft. CHRIST CHURCH, CROFT. Services of thanksgiving for the safe ingathering of the harvest were held in Christ Church on Sunday. The church bed limn very beautifully decorated with corn, flowers, fruit and vegetables. In the morning the service was conducted by the Rev. .1. H. Garnett, Et. Peter's, Warrington. The afternoon preacher was the Rector (Rev. H. I. Wsdeson), the lessons being read by Captain Withington (Culchetb), and in the evening the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. F. F. Komlosi, of Newton-le-Willows. There was a large congregation at each service. The choir gave creditable interpreta- tions of the anthems' Blessed be the name of the Lori " (Maunder) in the morning." Father of mercies" (Churchill) in the afternoon. and "The heavens are telling" (Haydn) in the evening. The cfrertories (including donations), which are on behalf of the church funds, amounted to £l6 is. dd. Winwick. WINWICK ASYLUM CHURCH. Harvest thanksgiving services were held in the County Asylum Church on Sunday in roing sad afternoon. The preacher in the afternoon was the Rev. J. M. Courtensy, vicar of Holy Thrifty, St. Helens. The words of the text chosen were taken from Isisalt xxviii., 20, Bread-cor is bruised." Before we got our bread, the nom had had to go through the mill and be bruised, but although it was bruised the life was not crushed out of it, and it was of more use to us after going through the mill. Ae with the corn, so with us in our daily life. Sometimes God asked us to go through the mill. It might be the mill of poverty, severe illness, or some great bereave- ment ; but although we were bruised we made better use of our lives, and were c f more service to God after- wards.—The choir gave a good rendering of Sir A. Sullivan's " Sing, oye Heavens," the tenor solo being very creditably taken by Mr. Srcethurst.-11.1r. Smith presided et the organ.

on as they had done; t.tich promelings mos. be *topped. The Council agreed with the suggestion. I lI:ANDES. Mr. F. Lockyer submitted the minutes of the Finance Committee. He said the balance in the hank on the general accounts was £240 12s SI ; cheaply* drawn that night, .E 833 15s 8d; leaving a balance of .Ell 2 Ifs Gd. On the gas account the balance in the bank was £458 Si 5d ; cheques drawn that night, £324 31 104' loaning a balance of £137 186 7d. DITCHEIELD'S BRIDGE. At a meeting of the Roads Committee in September a letter was read from the County Surveyor asking for further particulars and approain ate stimates of cost for the Ditchfleld's bridge. the SorveTor was asked to submit particulars at the neat meeting. - -

Penketti. PENKETH MISSION. The Penketh Mission held their H t thanksgiving services on Wednesday evening, the mission being very beautifully decorated with several kinds of flowers and fruit and great credit 's due to the Misses Tinaley's assisted by Mesdames E Du, bell, Pennington, J Davies and B Iligham. 'lke Rev W liracecamp, vicar of St. Paula, Warrington, nonelected the service, and waa listened to with very great interest. Mr J Hell read the lessons. Harvest hymns ante led by ths choir. Miss S' andish presided at the organ. PENKETH WESLEYAN CHURCH. !fervent thanksgiving services were held last Sunday morning and evening. Ihe preacher tot the morning service was one who is always locked forward to by Penketh Wesleyans with the greatest interest and pleestue—Mr. J. Upson, J.P. He based his remarks on St. John's Gospel huh 24," Except • corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone." He emphasised the point that if we would be useful and successful workers in Christ's Church we should die to all that was selfish and moan. It goes without saying that his rentarks were listened to with rapt attention and were highly appreciated. The new superintendent minister of the Warrington Circuit, the Rev W A Beckett, was the preacher for the evening service. This being his first visit to Penketh Church since his appointment to the Circuit, the even- ing service was eagerly looked forward to by the congregation, nor were they disappointed as the preacher made a very marked impression. He spoke from the text "And it came to pHs that He went through the cornfields on the Sabbath day," remark- ing that Christ was a great admirer of nature when He was to the earth and took illustrationa from it many times when talking to the multitudes The choir, wbo turned up in good numbers, morning and evening led the congregations in the singing of the harve-d hymns in a creditable manner. The "Te Denrn" was rung in the morning, and at the evening service an anthem was rendered entitled "0 Taste and see,"which was given with much feeling and heartiness. Mr Clatworthy, jun., presided at the organ. The congregations were above the average. The church was tastefully decorated and gave groat credit to those who bad no willingly given of their fruit sod towers and those who had the work of decoration in hand. Stockton Heath. Sr TIIONIAt' CLAS, B.—On Sunday afternoon, the members and friends of St. Thomas' Class B spent a very pleasant time at Appleton Hall, thanks to the kindness of Mr. and Mrs. Lyon. After looking through the beautiful gardens and grounds, accompanied by the head gardener, Mr. Parkinson, a short service was held on the lawn, conducted by tha Rev. and Hon. C. F. Cross, vicar of Stratton. Several hymns were sung. By special request, on the occasion of the death of Mr. W. Jerams, one of the members, a quartet "We shall sleep but not for ever" was well rendered by Messrs. G. Isherwood. C. Pittiam and A. and C. Bailey. PARISH COUNCIL MEETING. The usual quarterly meeting of the Stockton Heath Pariah Council was held on Thursday evening in the I Hail Cafe.—Mr. H. J. Westbrnok presided over a very small attendance, which was no doubt du, to the inclement weather. The business was purely of a routine nature. At the parish meeting there war a fair and representa- tive attendance of ratepayere.—Mr. 11. J. Westbrook, who presided, announced at a meeting of the Runcorn Rural Administrative Sub-Committee, that the request 1 of the Stockton Heath Garden Soc ety had been granted, that there should be horticultural lectures delivered in the parish dueng the winter months. It had also been intimated to him through an influential source that the Mersey Power Company would be disposed to hasten the time of their advent into the parish with electricity supply if some reasonable assurance could he given as to the likely demand. A discussion ensued as to the means of ascertaining the desires of the parish on the matter end it was resolved to ask the Parochial Committee to deal with it by such methods as they deemed fit. Various other parochial matters were discussed including the question of the future maintenance et the trees planted in the streets and roads of the parish. The Chairman pointed out that an effort had been made to spread the cost over the whole rural area but the District Council declined to do that and it was, there- fore, for the parishioners to decide whether they would themselves bear the cost, wnich would have to be raised by a special rate. It was decided to ask the District Council to take over the maintenance of the trees and to charge the pariah w:th the expenditure which would be about £6 or .£7 per annum. The opinion of the meeting was also taken as regards Ike continuance of half yearly pariah meetings. The Chairman mentioned that Stockton Heath was one of the few places where they had half yearly meetings of the parishioners and it had been intimated to him that they should revert back to the annual parish meeting which was customary in similar places. The audience seen.ed to be in favour of having half 'earl, meetings.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Culcheth.

INDEPENDENT NIE PHODI NTS. The usual harvest festival services were held no Sunday last, the preacher being Mr. H. C. Guy, of St. Helens. The anthem" 0 come let us sing unto the Lord" (Tours), was rendered by the choir at the morn- ing service, the soloist being Miss M. Griffiths, who sang" Beyond." In the afternoon a musical service was given by the Lowton Independent Methodist male voice choir under the leadership of Mr. A. Hill. The following anthems were given Crusaders," "The Lord is my.Shenherd," "By Babylon's Way," "Crowing the bar," and "The Hallelujah Chorus." A solo entitled " Consider the Lilies "wan given by Mr. A. Hill and a very effective rendering of" Shepherd of Souls "wee given by Mr. J. Isherwood. In the evening the choir rendered "Praise the Lord 0 my Soul" and Miss Griffith very ably sang" 0 Divine Redeemer." A fruit banquet was field on the Monday evening to dispose of the various fruits, Ito., which had been kindly [wren by the friends. The chapel bed been very prettily decorated for the occasion and many thanks are due to those who had given Hine and trouble to mate the festival a success. The collections, Ac., amounted to over £7. Whitley.

CHILD BURNED TO DEATH. NO FIREGUARD. An inquest was held at the Warrington Police Station on Monday by Coroner Brighouse, on the body of Era Themes, the fonr-yaareold daughter of John Thomas, a stockman residing at Whitley lodge, Whitley, who died io the Warrington Infirmary on Friday from the effects of burns. John Thomas said he last sew his daughter alive at eight o'clock on Friday morning the 22nd just, when he left the house to go to work. He left three co Reins in the house, Elsie aged 8 years, Elizabeth aged 6 years and the deceased. His wife bad gone away the previous day to Earleetown. About 10 a.m. on Friday he was working in afield close to the house when his daughter Elsie told him that her sister Eva had been set on fire. He inquired how it had happened and she replied that the deceased was putting some water iato the kettle when her pinafore caught fire. Witne s went in and found the deceased badly burned. She was removed to the Infirmary. In reply to the Coroner witness slid that there was no fireguard. He would have been going back to the house a few minutes after the accident occurred. He earned lie, a week with a csttage free. Coroner : You know that the Act says it lean offence against the law to leave children in a room where there in no protection from the fire. Tabs is the kind of case that the leg;slature intended to meet. Thomas Bell, a sexton. residing at Rose Cottage, Whitley. said that about 10 a.m. on the day in question whilst walking along the road about 100 yards from Whitley Lodge he heard a child scream and then saw decesaed rush out of the house in flames. He imme- diately ran to the child and taking off his court wrapped it round the deceased and rolled her on the grou ad. lie then conveyed her hoe e. Nurse Thompson said that the deceased was admitted to the Infirmary at 1.15 on Friday afternoon and died about 2.45. Ihe child was badly burned all over the body with the exception of the hands sad feet. Toe Coroner : Here is the month of September up to which time we have had fine weather end there has been no need for fires. But as soon as the cold neither comes and the need for a fire is felt it seems to be the beginning of the season fur deaths of this character. He would have to enter that, continued Mr. Brighouse, as the first cass of tha burning season of 1911. It would not have made the alighteat difference in that case if the mother had been at home. The accident might just have happened in the same way, an a mother was compelled to attend to her domestic duties and could not be expected to be always with the children. An Act of Parliament had been passed, and most properly so, compelling the use of fireguards, to prevent those lamentable deaths and the magistrates should not hesitate to make an example, as it was not in his power to do no, ass warning, to elms that the act had to be observed. The Coroner (to the deceasePs father) : Whether you are brought before the magistrates or not you will have to gets fireguard. The jury re.,urned a verdict of' Accidental Death."

===== 0002601_19110930_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Lymm.

LYNINI PARISH CHURCH. Harvest thanksgiving services were held at the Lymm Perish Church on Sunday. The preacher in the morning was the Rev. Howlett Johnson, St. Margaret's Altsin- chem. In the afternoon a fruit and flower service was held, an address being given by the Rev. Jas. Bstey, vicar of Pertington. At the evening a [vice the preacher was Canon Bethel Jones, vicar of Brooklands, end Rural Dean. The church Was beautifully deoorsted, great credit being due to all who undertook the task. The congregations were excellent, especially the eveni a g service. The olfertoties were for the choir Taal. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. Harvest festival services were held at the Conire- galena' Church on Sunday, the preacher mornina and evening being the R3V. F. Brilard,of Knucsford. There were large congregations. In the afternoon a children's service was held, Mr. Ballard taking the first part of the service. A splendid address was given by Mr. Lamb, of Bowdon. Ile abewed a lunch of corn of 103 ears, brought from Canada, which producee 42 bushels to the acre, and two line ears of Indira corn. A sale of the fruit and vegetables was held in the schoolroom on Monday evening, the proceeds being given to the poor funds. URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL, THE NEW ROAD ROUND TUE DAM. The monthly meeting of the Lymm Urban District Council was held on Thursday evening at the Town Ilall. Mr P Warburton presided and time sere present, the Rev 0 B Thurstrn, Mears K H Ih-dolled, J El Hoolt W 0 Groves, F Lockyer, S Davies. W Mullard (clerk), Dr de Jones (medical officer of health), D Mort (surveyor), and W L Donaldson GM manager). Tilt I.YMNI DAM. Mr W G Groves Laid that at the tale of thrLymm estate OD Monday, ha sew Mr Seger Owen, who was the architect for Mr Lever, and he promised to send the clerk a plan of the proposed road round the Lymm dew. He had done this He Naked him to ascertain whether the Cauncil wou'd go over the ground with him on Saturday afternoon, as if he could be of any help he was quite willing. The Council acquiesced In Mr. Owen's suggraition. .1100LIOANS THE DISTRICT. 31r. Gotobed complained about the number of lamps which were broken. The glass was continually being smashed by youths and be thought there must be hooligans in the place. Mr. Hooki agreed with Mr. Gotohed and remarked that during the rummer the old cottage at the tap of Statham had been practically carried away. A boar stating that trespassers would be prosecuted wee also taken. In respect to the lamps it seemed to him that the youths were doing whatever they liked. He did not know what the police were doing in the matter. Mr. Gotobed suggested that in regard to the lamps cautionary notices shculd be issued. They could not go

===== 0002601_19110930_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN BOARD OF OUARDIANS.

--- The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at the Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday afternoon. Mr J Spruce presided over a good attendance. The officers present mere: Messrs U F Ashton (clerk), W R dePrea, i Pearson and T Cook relieving officers),and J F Parsons (master). LAUNDRESS RESIGNS. _

The resignstion of Miss Chile as laundress was accepted. THE BOARD AND ARSIY PENSIONERS. A circular letter was read from the Clark to the Association of Poor Law Unions calling the attention of the Board to a memorandum iscued by the War Office with regard to the payment of Army petitions and the provision for weekly payment of same through Boards of fluardians and in some exceptional cases through some responsible persan with the consent of the pensioner. Toe Clerk said that if they had individual cases of pensioners coming to the Workhouse the Board could make application for the pensioner and themselves pay it out weekly and the men could he maintained outside.

DEARER MILK.

Mr. iravles submitted the m notes of the Houve Committee and raid that Mr. W. Grounds, farmer, of Dutton, who supplied the II nine with milk hal pointed out to them the increase in the price of milk in the market and he supgested that the Board should take this into consideration. The committee, Mr. Myles said, had resolved that the price of milk for the snuck- house for the ensilings months ba increased tram !old. to 101 d. per gallon.

HOSPITA I. CONTRIBUTION. The Clerk read a letter from Mr. E. Marshall, secre- tary to the Runcorn Cottage llospital, Committee ask- ing the Board for an annual contribution to the novas' Funds In view of the fact that numerous cases are treated at the Cottage Hospital which would other- wise have to be taken to the Workhouse Infirmary or triated at their own hottest the expense of the Union.

lela.Morrii gave notice that at the next meeting he would move that £2 21. be subecribad annually.

DEANE.S 11.LNE,S. _ _ .

On tha motion of M. Morris a vote of sympathy was accorded to Mr. Deane, wko recently suffered all attack of paralysia.

TATTING OF CONTRACTS.

Tetders from tbe following were accepted for work- bouse supplies for tl.e bait year ending 31st Marcia, lOU : butcher's meat, Mr S Hancock, Frodsham ; grocerlea, Messrs J U Kidd and Co., Frodsham ; bread, Mr E S Collioson, Frodsham ; wines and spirits, Messrs R Howson and Sons, Warrington; drapery, Mr P Wright, Hatton ; clothing, Mr T J Lee, Warrington ; I tobacco and snuff, Mr J Thomas, Runcorn; coffins, Mr T Barrow, Batten; coal and s'ack, S Taylor, Frith and Co., Ltd., Runcorn : coke, Runcorn Gas Co., Runcorn ; drysaltery, J H Weston, Runcorn ; oils and colours, Mr E Allen, Warrington ; Artisan Labour, whitesmith, Mr T Pollard, Frodebsm ; bricklayer and joiner, J K Littler and Co., Runcorn : plumbing, Mr .1 Barrow, Frodsham; boots Ac , Mr J W Bagley, Runcorn: fucerals, T Booth and Sons, Runcorn ; carting, Mr J Witbensha w, Hutton

===== 0002601_19110930_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
FORTY SHILLINGS A WEEK,

- - - MR. TOM MANN AND THE MINIM UM WAGE. Mr. Tom Mann on Sunday addressed a meeting at St. Helens held by the Amalgamated Union of Labour. lie remarked that they were out for much more exten- sive combination than they had ever yet bad in the hone and belief that when they git the organisation which they held to be quite possible they would be able to wipe tilt the 17s. and El a week wage. He would continue to work until it was a realisable fact that 40s. a week should represent the very lowest minimum wage.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Hum! Council was held immediately after the Board of Guardians. M. Thomas Wright presided, and the officers in attendance were :—Megars. O. F. Ashton (clerk), J. Swinton, W. Giggle (surveyor) and J. Farrington (irapoter).

- . tA;E OF ILLNESS. A circular letter was read from the Local Government Board enclosing copies of a memoranium on the pro- cedure to be followed in dealing with outbreaks of illness suspected of having been due to the consumption of certain foods.

FRODSHAM ARBITRATION RE,UI.T. On the minutes of the Frodsbam Lordship Committee it was resolved that a claim be made against the estate of Mr. Bartholomew Oxley and the Boridanien for the piyment of the sum of £963 and £35 as per the orbit ra- tion award for payment of costs and charge incurred by the Council under the contract for the executing of the contract works and the cost of the award.

CRUELTY TO A HORSE.

WARRINGTON CAB PROPRIETOI RESPONSIBILITY.

At Northwicb, on Tuesday, Amos Chitter, horse- keeper to Mr. Edward Connor, cab proprietor, Warring- ton, was lined .£.5 for allowing a suffering horse to be worked. The evidence showed there was a large raw wound under the saddle, and a partial rupture of the spiral cord. The animal was in a very poor condition, and, in reply to the Bench, who declared that the owner should be reached by some means, Inspector Brain said that Mr. Connor was virtually retired, and guilty know- ledge could not be proved. The Beach still declared that the owner should be saddled with the responsibility, anti hoped he would pay the fine.

In the - = OU RTS

===== 0002601_19110930_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE JEALOUSY.

ENDS IN POLICE COURT PROCEEDINOS. An interesting case in which trade jealously was the chief feature was heard at the Borough Court on Thursday before Mr. W. Roberts and other magistrates when two sweet veuclors, Robert Alexander Naylor, Winwich-road end Jane Smart, 32,Queen-street appeared i on a charge of committing a breach of the peace n the market by being of disorderly behaviour, on the 16th inst. Mr. Steel represented Naylor and Mr. Brown appeared for Smart. P.C. Turner said that about 11 p m. on the day in question hesaw the defendants quarrelling lathe market about the price and quality of the sweets they each bad on Bale. There was a very large crowd of people who blocked the passage up. The crowd was also taking their repective sides which resulted in further rows. Inspector Foster said that he was called to the scene, which was one of the worst he had ever witnessed in vie market. Naylor was in such a temper that he thought he would Pave struck the woman, as only a small partition divided the stalls, and the woman Smart was crying. He requested them to be quiet and carry on their business in a proper manner to which Naylor replied that he would carry on his business as be liked as he paid to do to and that it had nothing to do with the police. Mr. Steel : This has all come about through trade jealousy. There bad been a re-arrangement of the market stalls and unfortunately the two defendants who were engaged in the same business were brought together. The defendant Naylor sold his sweets at a lower cost than Smart and in consequence had suffered a considerable amount of abuse from Mrs. Smart. He suggested that the case might be adjourned with a view to the Markets Committee being approached to see if they could be separated, for as long as they were together the business would not be carried on in a satisfactory manner. It was that keen competition which brought them to such a pitch of excitement. If only one of the defendants was bound over the matter would not be nettled and he therefore asked that both might be bound over. Mr. Rymer Young : It is as bad as the Johnson- Wells case. Robert Naylor said that there was not n large crowd. Mr. Brown said that this conduct of the defendant Naylor was only a repetition of other Saturday nights and It had got so intolerable that they intended if it did not cease, to go to court with it. The defendant Naylor used most obscene language to Smart, and his conduct had so upset her on previous occasions that she had been compelled to send for a stimulant. The Chairman said that the Bench were unanimously of opinion that the defendant Naylor should be hound over to keep the peace in the sum of T 5 and he should also have to pay the costs. The cane against Smart would be dismissed. They also thought that the Markets Committee should, at the earliest possible time separate the parties. HUSBAND'S SHOCKING CONDUCT. DRINK THE CAUSE.

A shocking case of a husband's conduct and cruelty when in drink was heard at the Borough Court on Friday before the Mayor and other magistrates, whoa Reginald Albert Gittoes, 22, Alexandra-street, a motor cycle mechanic, was summoned by his wife, Mary Gittoes, a teacher at King-street Roman Catholic School, for being an habitual drunkard, and asking for a separcion order.—Mr. Steel represented the com- plainant, and stated that it was only with great reluct- ance that the case h d been brought before the magis- trates that day. When the Act was put into operation exempting married women from erthool, the complainant on account of her husband's conduct was granted an exception, as it was necessary on account of the defendant's drunken habits for her to obtain is livelihood. The parties were married in January, 1899. In September 1910 the complainant interviewed him (Mr. Steel) who sent a letter to the defendant warning him against proci sidings if he did not mend his ways. He made all kinds of promises and for a time kept to them, but becoming unemployed in Jenuary 1911 he fell away. lie received certain compensation from the firm with wnom he had been employed and he again i commenced business on his own account. From that 'time until the present day he has been practically in ' one continual state of drunkenness. The complainant Iliad had to maintain the defendant, herself and their child. Whilst in drink he used the most frightful language and it was found necessary to send the child to a convent at Bolton but the defendant in one of his drunken fits went to the convent and after creating a scene brought the child away. The complainant's life had been intolerable and in consequence it was impossible for her to follow her duties. On the morning he received the summons he acted like a madman. He threw the summons in the complainant's face and then threw it out of the window while later he nailed it on the outside of the door. On Monday last he arrived home at 11 p.m. and bursting his stay into the complainant's room assaulted her while he also assaulted the little girl who went between them. On one occasion when the child was holding a crucifix the defendant pointing to it said" You don't believe that there ever was such a man as that do you." He had also been to the school where the defendant was employed and upon one occa- sion tha headmistress had to send for is constable to remove him. Frances Corcoran sister of the complainant stated that the complainant had continually to seek refuge in her mothers house to escape from the defendant some- times as late as II o'clock at night. The defendant had also followed the complainant there and created scenes. 'lbs defendant asked that the case might stand adjEurned to enable him to obtain witnesses who were at present out of town. The Caairman . You have treated the summons with contempt and are not worthy of an adjournment. The magistrates granted a separation order with 10a. a week, the complainant to have ths custody of the

_ MARKET INSPECTOR ASSAULTED. A TENANT AND HER RIGHTS. A case which aroused considerable interest in the district was beard at the Borough Court on Tuesday, before Councillors Henry Roberta (presiding) and C Jackson Holmes, when Annie Ou!trans, a married woman residing at 30, Allen-street, and earring on the business of a greengrocer for which she occupies stall in the market, was charged with assaulting William Henry Wallington, the assistant markets inspector. Mr AT Hallaway (the deputy Town Clerk) prosecuted on behalf of the Corporation and Mr A Browne repre- sented the defendant. Mr. Hallaway said that the defendant had been in the habit of occupying more space for ber stall than was allotted to her. On August 20th Mr. Wallington, the assistant market inspector, visited the defendant and asked bar to remove the addition to her stall informing her that he bad instructions to remove it if, she refused to do no. He paid two or three visits during the day and when he saw her at 4 30 in the afternoon she dew into a temper and violently pushed the Inspector and struck him in the face. Mr. W. H. Wallington, assistent market Inspector corroborated the shove. He added that he informed the defendant that if she would not remove the portion, he had instructions to remove it himself. As the result of her striking hint his eye was bloodshot for two days Mr Brown : lint the ince she was using and of which you complain, the place where the market people sit ? Isn't it a fact that she pays an extra Is. a week rest ? Witness : She has [nada an addition to the space allotted tober and it is that addition we complain about. W itners admitted that dtfesdenes rent had been raised from 25 to 20 per week. Mr. Brown: Did you not say that if she did not remove the portion you would" pitch" her staff into the street 3 Witnes; : I did not. islr. Browne said that when the rent was raised Mrs. Oultram telieved she was entitled to (ter Ey the Ira

===== 0002601_19110930_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ARGENTA MEAT CO. LTD.

Tel 36E1 35, BRIDGE STREET. Tel.

WARRINGTON.

Everyone is aware of the difficulty we experienced during the late strike in obtaining regular supplies of our usual high class quality of Meat. The best possible was done under the circumstances, but we felt, much to our regret, we were not giving our patrons the satisfaction they had a right to expect from us. We are delighted to inform you all our difficulties have been cleared away, and our customers can depend upon the

===== 0002601_19110930_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
USUAL I-UGH STANDARD OF QUALITY.

OUR MUTTON IS ALL NEW ZEALAND, tender, nutritious, and appetising. Altogether different from South American Mutton which we do not sell.

We are the ONLY FIRM IN WARRINGTON which sells

New Zealand Mutton and Lamb exclusively.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
We do not sell Frozen Beef.

" ARGENTA "

NOTED FOR SUPREME QUALITY.

PERFECT SERVICE.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SATISFACTION ALWAYS.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
35, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGIR

she had been using for months. Where there was a perfectly bona-fide claim to an interest in land or in connection with land and the tenant was protecting a right, the jurisdiction of the magistrates was at once ousted. The Chairman After the assault ? Mr. Browns : Yes. Without a doubt it waives it. Mr. liallaway said it was absurd to make such an answer to an action for assault. If Mr. Wallington had been uaing violence it would be a different thing. If the defendant had been ejected and she had a right, she could get damages in the proper quarter. The Chairman: Is it not a well understood principle where there is a dispute between the parties as to what is or is not within the occupation of the first party, that the first party has a right to use sufficient force to prevent the second party from trespass? Mr. Hallaway : Yes, sir. The Chairman : Admitting that, what is the differ- ence in principle between that and your position as owners of the market and letting a portion to a tenant, thereby cresting a tenancy, where the dispute arises as to what is actually let and not let, when the tenant uses surcient force to prevent your officer from forcibly removing goods r' Mr. Hallaway said there might not be any difference in principle, but they were complaining of the assault. He was not called upon to answer Mr. Brawne's point, because it would be the simplest thing in the world for any defendant after committing an assault to claim a right of tenancy. Mr. Browne When there is an interest in land or in connection therewith. Mr. liallaway : But you have not been satisfied that there is a genuine claim. If the Bench are satisfied that there is a genuine claim jurisdiction is ousted ; quite admit that. Mr. Place, chief inspector, said that the defendant was occupying more space than was allotted to her. She was called before the committee, who decided against her on that point and her rent wan raised because she had been undercharged. After hearing further arguments on both sides the Bench over-ruled Mr. Browne's point. The defendant said she had occupied a space in the market for nearly two years. .The charge was first Is. 3d. and it had risen to Is. 6d., then 25., and finally 3e. She admitted pushing the Inspector, because she thought she had a right to protect her interests, but , she denied striking him. The Chairman said the Bench wished that the cue might be amicably settled. The case was dismissed, on payment by the defendant of the costs, amounting to 183. lid.

Your Orders will he carefully served.

visible means of subsistence. The Chief Constable said that charge had been preferred against the prisoner with a view to helping him. He was brought to the Police Station by a man who had helped him and pro- vided him with tea. Prisoner made a statement that he had come bout the Salvation Army Home, Bold-road, I London, and was en his way to Liverpool with another man to try and get wore at the docks. The Home authorities were communicated with and it was ' stated that he had been with them and had a satisfac- tory character. If the youth would give an undertak- ing to go to a home Mr. Firth, the Police Court Missionary, would get him into one. Coon the prisoner promising to g , to a home the Bench disobarged him. SCENE IN DIAL-COCRT.—Richard Clancy and Mary Ann Clancy, 23, Dial-street, and Joseph Clancy, 19, Carlisle-street, ware all charged with being drunk and disorderly in Dial-court on Sunday night. The two firstnamed were also charged with obstructing P.C. I Barr whilst iu the execution of his duty. The CA/- stable said that while on duty in Dial-street at 11.500 'Sunday night the prisoner Joseph Clancy came and I asked him why he had struck one of hie (Claocy's) , children. He replied that he had not struck any of his I children. Richard then came and said" He is locking our Joe up." Richard then got hold of the constable's arm to prevent him from getting hold of Joseph. The female prisoner then appeared and brandished a bottle as if to strike the constable whilst Richard shouted "1 have settled one constable. Get this one's number and we'll do for him yet:' Sergeant Stuart spoke to arrest- if tee prisoner Richard who was very drunk and was using threatening language all the way to the Police Station. Each prisoner was ordered to pay 103. and costs (El) or go to gaol for 11 days. POLICS ASSAULT.--Joseph Kirkham, 53, Longford- street, was charged with hi tag drunk and disorderly in Winwick-road on Saturday and with assaulting P.C. Sanders.—The Constable said that be was on duty in Winwick-road at 7.3) on Saturday night when he was called to eject the prisoner from the Old Ball public. house as he refused to leave for the landlord's daughter. He was very drunk. The constable succeeded in getting him out but a few minutes afterwards be returned, lie was again requested to go away when he began to use obscene language. Witness asked him for his name and addresa but he would not give it and so the officer took him in custody. Prisoner then became very violent and striking the officer in the cheat got away.—Prisoner woe flood ss. PF.RSISTKN-1. CRL ELM—John Webb, 20, Tilley-street was summoned by his wife for persistent cruelty. The Complainant stated that the defendant was continually ill-treating her. About a fortnight ago he gave her a black eye and she was as frightened of hint that she went alai got work at Bolton. She was compelled to return home, however, through ill-health but she found that the house bad been "sold up." A sister of the complainant stated she bad continually seen the defeodint ill-use his wife and complaisant had had to seek refuge in hers (witnesses) housa—The blench granted a separation order with 12s. a week. Wire DEsEßTlON.—Thontaa Lawless, 32, Amelia- street was summoned by his wife for desertion and asked far a separation order. The parties had only been married since last December and the Brach adjouroe the case for 'cur weeks with a view to bringing the couple together. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. Charles White (in the chair), Councillor Jackson Holmes and Mr. W. T. Williams " A DISGRAI'EFEL CFI ARAC:ER."—Catherirse Clancy' 19, Carlisle-street, wss charged with being drunk and disorderly in Dial-court on Sunday, end with obstruct- ing P.C. Barr whilst in the execution of his duty.—Tce Constable said that whilst arresting the prisoner's husband the present prisoner came and polled witness aria, enabling the prisoner he had in custody to get away. Bbe then appeared with a bottle and said that she bad split one constables head end would kill him. I —Eight previous convictions having been proved agaiust the prisoner, the Bench fined her 10s. scd costs (Et with the Mummies of 1-1 days' imprironment. TRURSDAT.—Before Messrs W Roberts (in the chair, W T Williams,A Jolley,J Rymer Youog and Dr Nation TRAN,EER or LICEN,E Or THE BsTim HOTEL—Mr. A. Browne made an epplication for the transfer of the Baths Hotel, Sankey-street from the late Mrs. Gittins to Miss Giffin,. lie said that the property belonged to the Warrington Corporation and the matter of the transfer was brought befor) the Finance Committee and they consented to continue the tenancy in Miss Cathie name if the magistrates would grant the licence. Miss (Gain' bad helped to manage the business for eight or ten years and the neighbours were delighted to hear that the Corporation bad consented to the tenancy. The Brewery employees did moat of the cellar work. The Chief Constable said that the police were quite sati,fied that the henna would be raListactorily managed. --The application was granted. A FRlDAY.—Befora the Mayor (in the chair , Alderman Bolton, Meows. S. Wright, W. Farness. C.. Pilliog, A. J. Jolley and W. T. Williams. WORKING A HORSE Is AN UNFIT STATE.—lfenry Cborley, Ivy C mace, Dalian), was charged with ill- treating a horse ty working It whilst in OD unlit state. lespector Dee of the R.S.P.C.A. said that at 10.30 a.m. on the 23rd inst. he saw the prisoner in charge of a mare attached to a cart in Foundry-street. The horse appeared to be lame and 'upon examination be found a

sprain on the joint of the fetlock of the left hind leg. The animal was not fit to be worked and should be destroyed—Defendant was fined in the costs (8,1 AoAitT CHAROE DISM ISSED. —James Patrick Ryan. 118, Forster-street, greengrocer, was charged with assaulting William Henry Bailey, 23, Forshaw-street.— Mr. Steel who appeased for the complainant said that complainant was employed by his father, a coal dealer and waggonette proprietor. The complainant while trading round Forster-street had occasion to ask the defendant if he would mind moving his lurry no that he could get past. Defendant replied that he would have to wait. Defendant then moved his horse and cart and went towards the complainant and struck him. Ile then endeavoured to push his fingers Into the complainant's eyes but was prevented from doing this. The trouble bad emanated from the fact that one day he was on his way from Chester the complainant had refused the defendant r ride in a waggonette. Defendant denied that th it was the cause but stated that he asked the complainant to wait a few minutes, but be would not and caught hold of the defendant's horse and moved it, thereby causing the articles in his cart to be all disarranged. Com- plainant used a great deal of cheek to the defendant. He did not strike him, but only pushed him away.—The Bench dismissed the cass.

CLARKE'S B, 41 PILLS are warranted to cure Ia either sex .11 acquired or constitutional discharges, from the Urinary Organs, °ravel and Pains in the back. Frwe from Mercury. Established upwards of 40 years. In bores 4s. 6d. each, of sll chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln anditidlssd Counties Drug Co., Lincoln.-Ades

_ "Atoms To Itlnrissfts."—Are you brokes In your rest bya sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Goat once to • chemist, and get • bottle of MRS. WINaLOWS SOOTHING S RCP. It produces natural, (inlet sleep by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " es bright es e button." :ustains no Poisonous Ingredient. Of all Chennials. I to lid. per bottle.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Borough Police Court.

Mo NDLY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair, Aldermen Smethurst, Tinnion, James Evans, Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs. S. Wright, W. Roberts, W. Furness, 11. Thornton and G. Pilling. ALLEGATIONS AGA LEST A CONSTABLE. Joseph Burgess, 6, Fairclough's Avenue and Thomas Pridden. Gilbert-street, were charged with being drunk and disorderly in Egerton-street the previous night, while Pridden was also charged with assaulting P.C. Harrison. —When being taken to the Police Station the prisoners became very violent and the officer blew his whistle. In the straggle the prisoner ['ridden fell to the grouud and whilst in that position deliberately kicked the officer on the back of the hand indicting a nasty wound. The wife of the prisoner ['ridden said that when she heard the whistle she rushed out of the house and saw the cflicer struggling with the prisoners, her husband being on the ground. TOO oiliest hl his staff out. She asked him not to lock her husband up whereupon the officer struck her.—The officer denied having drawn his staff or having hit the woman. Both prisoners pleaded guilty to being drunk, but ['ridden stated that the injury to the officer's hand was caused by the officer hitting him (Pridden) in the mouth and breaking a tooth.—The Bench retired, and upon their return the Mayor stated that each prisoner would be fined is, and costs (94. Gd. each) for being drunk and disorderly, but the charge of assault against Padden would be adjourned for a week. fiIISCELLANISOL'S.—SIi Cases of drunk and disorderly. three cases of drunkenness and three cases of begging were ales hoard at thin Court.

TCEsDAY.—Before.Couocillors H Roberts (is the chair)

dranknco T saent tgol ed:, 1:n.1 rEdTmae,}:::dvVraCor .i.:jßChlCTankrdl"."e7d:Tili .talhol Im:r teee.i lemi‘iiinm:ds sin,,./I 'i'trhpg:lnimr..i poog'ff children'. stockings from a shop, 113, Bridge-street,the property of Richard Tebbutt. The prisoner was seen by. man to take the bundle of stocking, from the shop door and put them under his coat. The man informed the manager of the shop who recovered the property but the prisoner got away. Information was given to the police and Detective Sergeant Reddington arrested the prisoner on Friare-greeen. He was then drank. When charged at the Police Station be admitted the theft. Prisoner stated that he would sot have committed the theft if he bad not been drunk. The 13ench tined the prisoner ss. and costa on the first charge and three months' imprisonment on the second. A T,01.7TV1.- S \l3 PLI•IIi.--Walter Slade, • youth of no settled abode, was charged with wanderirg with na

===== 0002601_19110930_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SURPRISE

Absolutely Free.

t cal silver Cent, r I three-qtrarte t :ly Jewelled, Leve mos. ['erre. dy tinted, writtel other je.,. .r Silt Ankle out I d ge •alue front 10,- t 15, - )rot have from. All e a.dr, addressed envelope

enclose s d

kliow aIL Our only 311dre.s:— FOGEL'S WATCH AND CLOCK CO.. 32& 34 Paragon Wan.lO3L Lostlos, B.

re easesteg tlo blood of all Impon ties from whauses an an mg. tie,ra Ii no other medicine just. Und . el,. • 0 Brume Mirrnarthat'a why in ao ran, of Ersema. Bad Log'. Aheneeneri Buds, Shires Of all kinds, Pike, Glandular nwellingo. Bloat POillOn. Rheumatism. Gout. an. it has effaiked truly remarkable cures where all ether Gnat- maim Imo baled It will do the era toe Fos. CURES ALL .SKIN & BLOOD DISEASES wall Illessolses awl Mom SAP pt. bettl.

These tiny Capsules relieve Kidney and Bladder Trouble promptly end cure in forty-eight 'hours. Each Capsule beer' the Immo " Midy." Sold by ail Chemists, or post free 11a. 64., tram

.... WILCOX & CO. (Dept 50) 4P, I 4 AAAAA Kr?, Lox Dos,

,

-..8109d Mixture 103,7 a P tr 7

, , siSkil Lit ,

===== 0002601_19110930_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BRIDGE-PREPARATIONS FOR PILE-DB.IV:

„ ..,. . _ .._ - . r,,,„ ~..,.. , ~.., .. ...... ~.,0.,... *oho Air V *O. ....,-* . 4.14 4 -.lip X ~-. \ ' ~ i_ 1, -` '':- ' ' -;;;,.. , : ......3 ..e.; if a 11.11,71°' ' - Isi .lii -- :ko' .. •-:,- !it ?a: 41 •i, ' 1 ' b 1, i # t NZ il 1 - , ''' * \ Ni / - 11111,4,1' tr. •:-.fflta 911 ff , - ~;:c4,... ~,„..v........ tilmrs , 144 ; t 4s, * J 4.1,1,0, ,-, . ~...' ..%*'-` `”, / -41tatth. Alit/ I jog` • ~•• 43 ". 1, ",,,, ', - - , '• . • ° • ;"41*, - '' , l!'"N„.. ~ N ...-1.0 ..,,,t1„,4144ifft.',4. •K "N , - .44 ` '`,',4,,"4-7'etg. - "" •;* ' ~-,":-`, ' $, ~,,,,;A•O.-* '7,"--r--41"'y ' '' i.' ~ - °,I , , ~ s •;,, - ',At"... . `k,- - .', ".;:lis •',..-4".r.-Alts. N'>, , .- , • ;,•:-, ". 't,• , _ , --- „ra , ",,, ,„ •,.,„_ 4 ) , % ... i -ea* ~..,.., , - ''"fa-4'1..•5 , . , ,:...„.„. „I,4rti, .::101,,,, : ilik.w ''" ‘ . 5 S 1 -ek ' . ' ' '..‘, '' ___

===== 0002601_19110930_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Photo, Tonge MR. J. MANSFIELD COBB (resident engineer), AND MR. ALFRED THORNE (contractor), SUPERINTEND- ING THE PREPARATIONS FOR THE PILE-DRIVING CEREMONY ON THURSDAY NEXT.

In the foreground will be observed one of the concrete piles, which is about 20 feet in length, 14 inches in diameter, and weighs 28 cwt. The old faCioned wooden pile has been superseded by the above type, which is built up of steel bars and spirals reinforced with concrete.

After many disenssiors and wranglings in the 1 Council Chamber, and a memorable fight in the 0 m- I mittee rooms of both Houses of Parliament extending over two Sessions, the much desired reconstruction of Warrington Bridge has now been pm in a pracic .1 form, and the first two piles of the new structure ere to be driven next Thuisday, October stb, by his I Worship the Mayor and by Alderman Smethu.st, the chairman of the Bridges Committee. As the construction of the bridge will be of a novel and interesting character, the following notes may be I interest to our readers; and as a preliminaty statement we may mention that this new bridge will ; be the fourth bridge that has been built across the Mersey at this point. The first bridge was built of stone in 1490 by the first Earl of Derby as a compli- ment to his Royal relative King Henry VII. ; the second bridge was of timber, designed by Mr. Harrison of Chester, and wan erected in 1812; the third bridge was the existing structure cpened in 1837, and christened the Victoria Bridge. The new bridge, as designed by Mr. John J. Webster, M. Inst. C. E. of Westminster, will consist of one arched span cf 134 f t., clear between the abut- manta, and a width between the parapets of 80ft., and made up of a roadway 60ft. wide, and two footpaths loft, wide each. The structure will be constructed entirely of reinforced concrete. The Considerre system of reinforcement has been adopted in the construction of the bridge, consisting of a number of steel soirale encircling the main longitudinal reinforcing steel code; the spirals having the double effect of makieg an efficient bond to the concrete, and considerably increasing the compressive resistance cf the concrete enclosed within the spirals. Eight main ribs will carry the roadway, and two outer ribs the footways, vertical poste on the ribs supporting the main longitudinal and transverse beams of the roadway deck or fleorirg upon which is laid Jarrah wood blocks for the roadway and granolithic slabs for the footways, the kerba of Rawtenstall stone. The ribs are parabolic in form, their under- side at the centre of the span being 17.42 ft. above low-water level, which is Oft. above ordnance datum, while the centre line of the rib at the sprirging is Bit. Gin, above low-water level. The underside of the ribs at the springing is curved eons to make the fsce of the abutment tangential to the curve. The depth of the main ribs normal to the cei tre line at a point Zift. from the abutment is 3rt. the width being Mt. Din, and the section at the centre is 21t. 9in, depth by 3ft. Din, wide, the ribs having cross bracing at i intervals. The font of the ribs s carried through into the abutments oreuing out into well bracketed counterforts which are attar heel to the base plate. The base plate is vertical fnr a depth of sft, at theland side, and at an angle of 30deg to the horizon for a length if 10ft., and is caniid forward to form a horizontal platform 12ft. wide for the dead weight of the earthwork, the face next the river being vertical to form a liter wall 12. ft. high. The whole is monolithic, and reinfo ced through- out with steel rods of varying diameter. The base plate rests upon nine rctagonal reinforced concrete pilee driven normal to tl.e fare of the base plate, the centre of the piles being in line with the resultant of the dead had stres-es ; as the live load is small com- pared with the dead load, the combined resultant will not deviate sericusly from the line of the piles, the horizintal thrust being partly taken by the vertical face of the bedplate. The bedplate is Bin, thick and is well bracketed to the counterfot ta. The concrete piles are of the Considere type, the spiral reinforce- ment protecting the pile to a large extent from the action of the falling monkey when driving,doing away with the necessity of a sawdust pillow to protect the head, and -consequently requiring fewer blows fur driving the pile. The vertical steel reinforcing rods are carried Into the abutment, an that any tendency to slide from the horizontal thrust will be resisted by the sides of the piles aid the earth pressure ; and this, coupled with the horizontal frit lion of the base plate and the resietarce of the vertical face rest the land, makes the stability of the abutments under sty condition of loading ribs lutelpr certain. The top and bottom of rekfmeements of the a amn ribs consists of s'eel bars running longitudinally the whole length of the ribs and cf very in,: diameter and number according to the stresses. Spirals in the top and bottom of the rib en.rircle the longitudinal main reinforcing rodaall being bound together with hatgets and stirrupe. The spirals are 9in, in diameter by 0-16 in. and lin. diameter, pitched 2in. The vertical poets are 15in. by 10in, the reinforcing rods bring bonded into the ribs at the bottom and the longitudinal girders at the top. The longitudinal girders are 14in. by Din, reinforced thriughout. Transverse girders, 10in, by in, suppot t the floor Sr deck, which is CO,in. thick, reinMiced top and bottom to take the stnsses due to any rendition of load, especially for the condition of alternate bays being loaded and thus throwing tensile stress on the t .p of the iLtercenfins bay, a condilion which frequently exists with ordinary wheel traffic, but ehich is very often neglected when designing the floor. The floor under the footpatl s is of special construc- tion, prerared to receive three water pipes lft. Oie, in diameter, three gas pipes lft. 6in, in diameter, com- pressed air pipes, telegraph and telephone cable ducts Ac. These pipes are surreunded by earth filling, upon which are laid the granolithic pavement slabs. The outer ribs are of a lighter eectio3 than the inner ones, being Mt. by flit. in, at Mt. from the springing and 2ft. Din, by 2ft 3m, at the centre. The outer faces of the outside ribs are indented, forming a plain fillet 9in, wide bevelled into the indented face ; the vertical poets are treated in a similar manner. A deep xi!.

lcading. which cover hundreds of sheets of foolscap; then all the drawings have to be made of every particular, nothing being left to the contlactor, also the specification and bill of quantities. Every little detail is thought out by the engineer. the exact size and position of every poition of the structure being marked on the p`ans. When the woik commences on the site, there is more invisible work, which occasionally gives rise to insulting remarks by ignorant bust bodies, who do not know that the who'e of the work has to be set out onthe site, the details on the drawings being practically transferred full size upon it. To be able td do this important trotk requires many ears study and excerience obtained at a heavy c at. ; but there is practically nothing ,o show tont, outsider for probably a month's hard work. After the work is set out, the foundstiors will be laid. concrete piles being driven to receive the thrust of the arc, es. In the meantime, centres will be con- structed for the main arch ribs and the moulds for the same.

rhe const.uction of the concrete pi'es ill be interesting, steel spirals which ere embedded in the concrete being made on the site by a special machir,e The concrete will be mixed by a patent machine driven by electric power, and then carefuby rammed into the mould. aT, und the steel reinforcing bars, first place in the moulds. The cranes will also be driven by electric power. In a few weeks time the site will be busy from day- light ta dark on both sides of the river with men and machines in active and interesting operation. Abhough reinforced concrete is a splendid material when properly made, many di•-astrous failures have happened on account of either the materials or the workman-hip being bad ; and it is absolutely neces- sary for everything to be the beet of its kind. The Bridges Committee being mindful of this, have very wisely engaged the services of an expert—Mr. Grenville Hodgson—who will inspect.and test every load of material delivered on.the works ; and a second experienced man will see to the exact gauging and proper mixing of the materials, each of wnom anti he under the direct supervision of the resident engineer, Mr. J. Mansfield Cobb. No expense has therefore been spared to secure a good and substantial piece of work, which will an doubt eventually reflect credit upon the Chief Engineer, Mr. Webster, upon the contractors, Messrs. Alfred Thorne and Sons, and all concerned. ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE CEREMONY. . .

The arrangements for the pile-driving ceremony which will take place about 12 15 noon on Thursday next, are now complete Two piles will be driven by the Mayor (Comcilkr. Dr. J,seph, and the chairman of the Bridges Committee (Alderman Smethurst.) The Bridges Committee had decided that in the event of the engineer being able to make arrangements for another pile to be driven the Deputy Mayor (Alderman Forshaw), who worked so hard for the bridge scheme during bin mayoralty, should Le asked to perform the ceremony. It has, however, been Lund iropt-ssible to obtain a third pile-driving machine and the invitation cannot therefore be extended.

The merobets of the Town Council will leave the Town Hall at 1:2 o'clock and proceed along Sankey- street and Bridge-street to the site of the new bridge. The encicsure (On the Cheshite side) wit' be reserved for the use a invited guests. Each pile will be driven by a seam pile (liver, consiwing of a tall structure which will cause an iton monkey " weighing 30cwts. to drop on the head of the pile. At 1.30 a public lur cheon will be served at the Parr Roll. Tickets (as. each, exclusive of wines), can be obtained on application at the Town Cletk's dice cc at the Bmough Treasurer's office, Bank House.

moulded cornice is fixed below the parapet handrail consisting of ernamental moulded bslusters, pedestrals, top rail, &c. The handtailing is returned at the ends with a circular face leading to two tall pedt stain and intermediate handrailinn on the top of the river walls. The pedestals are 10ft, high by 3ft Gin. by 31t. Gin. for carry ing the electric lamps. The end pedestal is 81t. Gin. high, 31t by 'lit. and can ies an urn or other ornamental terminal.

New river walls of reinforced concrete strengthened by counterforts and acchor bars are to be built on -both sides of the river, surmounted by ornamenta parapet tailing similar to that on the bridge. In the construction of a bridge of the above magni- tude, the layman has no idea of the enormous amount of work which such a Mt ucture entails, and of which there is absolutely no evidence on the s i•e. First of all there are the abstruse calculations of the syrt,t-es in every member under any possib!e condition of

Reconstruction and:widening of Conway Suspensicn Bridge. Reconstructicn or Warrington Bridge in reinforced concrete. n rt month Bascule budge

Littlehampton Suing Bridge, etc. In open competitions, has been placed first or second fourteen times including the Wallin Tower (87 vrotld wide competitors). Sydney Harb,.ur Bridge, Dover pier, etc. 'ln addition to the above works he has designed ma, 3r miscellaneous works including : Graving docks, harbour and River works, b3drauliet works, quarry machinery, etc. He designed the great Stadium at the Franco- Bt itish Exhibition, and the details of construction of the four largest buildings there, kcluding tl.e Courts of Honour, Machinery Hall, etc. lie also designed the Gigantic Wheel at Earl's Court Exhibition, and die full size reproduction of the Eddystone Lighthouse erected first at the Liverpool Exhit ition. and st.bseonently at the Naval Exhibition, Chelsea.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
TENDERS ACCEPTED.

At a meeting on Monday the General Purpests Committee accepted the tender of Messrs. David Rowell end Company for the erection of Howley tbridge at 110 xclusive of the cost of fi nada- tions and land), and the coLtrect was ordered to be sealed. The woi k will be put in hand at once.—The committee also acespt-d the tender of Messrs Alfred Thorne and S ins, of Westminster, for the erection of a lemporaty f wwway over the eastern side of the exist- ing W.irrington Bridge to pr Aide sccommodation for pedent sn, when the fo..tpath on the west side of the bridge is closed.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. WEBSTER S CAREER.

Mr. John J. Web,t.r, 11. Inst. C.E , is a member of the Inetituti, n of Civil Engineers, and has I een awarded by the Couecil the Telford Golf Medal (thei- bight st vrsrd) and has recessed four T.lford premiums for papers read and discuesed at the It stitution Ile is also a membsr of the Instib.ti ,71 ci Mechanical EDI/nu ere, and is a Past President of the Liverpool Eroneering Society Be received technical training at Owen's College, V cto;ia University, and was articled to a well known firm of Engineers in Manchester, E. T. Beilhruse and Co, yawing though shops and offices with the firm for ten years, the latter four as Lead draughtsman. Subsequently, in charge of Bridge Department of the late Thomes Brasaey and Co.. for five years; constructed many hundred bridges and the greet Liverpool landing stages before I and after the fire, making all the detril work drawi go Short engagement on Alerdeen harbour works, new concrete pier, &c. Left Aberdeen to take four years appointment as assist Int to engineer of Hull docks; designed dredgers, hoppers, tug., bridges of all kinds, warehouses, dcck machinery, &c. Commenced private I rat-tire in Liverpod Ms() removirg to Wss'minster in 1800 where he now practices. ilas designed the following works :-- Dover Promenade Pier. Bangor Pier and Lauding Stage. Menai B.idge Pier and Sea %% all. Minehead Pier, Llandudno Pier extensio• s.

Penmaenmswr Loadiog Pier Egremont Fen y Pier sad Landing Stage, etc. Many hundred Bridges of all types, fixed and moveable for all parts of the world including bridges for the : Corporation of Cambridge. Corporation of Bedford (twc) Guildford rown Bridge. _ _

Northwich Town Bridge. The Widnes and Runcorn Transporter Bridge (I,oooft soon) ;bridge over river Usk. (Arck 150 ft. span') forVenmouth County Counci

===== 0002601_19110930_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE. "The Beggar Princess."

An enthusiastic welccme has been given to Mr. and Mrs. J. Rice Cassidy on their return visit t 3 the Royal Court Theatre this week. Few modern romantic plays have exercised ouch a powerful spell on the playgoer as Mrs. Casaidy's "The Beggar Princess" and its continued popularity is not to be wondered at. The drama is so many-sided in its appeal —em hods, ing as it does, the rude simplicity of peasant and fisher-- life, the glitter and panoply of the Court, arid an exciting under-current of plotting and intrigne —that there is not an uninteresting moment throughout the four acts. A thrilling climax is reached in the fine scene in the banqueting hill of the Palace of Slavonia, when the o'd King is poisoned by the impatient and rebellious heir to the throne and, with his dying words, names as his successor the young Princess who huts few dip before wa, living In obscurity and imagined herself to be a poor daughter of the people. This amazing development creates no little stir amongst the different Court factions and the Princess is at first inclined to forego her claim, but, ferseeing troublous times for the country if the unscrupulous tyrant and poisoner holds the reins of power, she rises to the occasion and quickly gains the confidence of all by her masterly handling of the situation. The dramatic intensity of the olay is relieved by an admirable comedy element for which Mr. J. Rice Cassidy, as the Hon. Algernon Fitzhugh, is chiefly responsible. His delight- ful drollness and quaint Trishisms create many a ripple of merriment, but the character is not solely a humorous one and Mr. Cassidy brings out the m3re serious and touching side with great success. Mrs. Cassidy achieves a notable personal triumph as Seaweed, afterwards the Princess, her portrayal being full of natural charm and gripping the audience by its realism. Mr. Juan D Alberti gives a skillful stay of Duke Sergi us Rubinoff, the of the piece ; Miss Ada Roscoe is an impeiious Countess Olga ; and Miss Kitty John- stone is distinctly amusing as Tommy Boqock, the office boy. The scenery and effects are excellent in every detail. On Wednesday ever irg Mrs. Cassidy's play "The Pinch of Another Man', Shoes " was presented for the firat time in Warrington. It is a powerful work and was very favourably received. The story is based on the complications resulting from this accidental likeness of one man lo another, and there are many striking situati3ns, inrbid:ng a trial scene of absorb- ing interest. Mr. Cassidy was thoroughly at home in the role of Fighting Kit, and Mrs Cassidy won further dist Motif n as Elia An thol.

To-night (S,turday) "The Beggar Princess" will again be btaged NEX f WEEK, " CLAUDIAN."

Next week " Claudian "pays a welceme vis:t to the Royal Court Theatre. The title role trill be taken by Mr. William Maclaren. Ile hae a fihe stage rlresence, n powerful but flexible voice, and thee enable him to pourtray the character in all its atieng,h and impres- .iveness. Mr. Maelaren, who greatly resembles Mr. Wi son Barrett, has p'ayed the part 1,321 times. Miss Lily C. Bandmatin, the talented daughter of Mrs. Panr mina l'almer, ii the leading lady. and she contributes her full share towards the success

of the piece. Both thew artistes are well known 1) local play-goers. The company is a large one, numberivg over Zt'Ct artistes, with full chorus and principal dancer. The etory is a stirring one, and the spectacular effects are excellent, the famous earthquake scene in which Claudian's pa'ace is destroyed being especially realistic and awe-inspiring. "Claudian" was produced in 18M at the Prince's Theatre, London, and has toured the country by Mr. Madmen since the late Mr. Wilson Barrett died is 4. •

===== 0002601_19110930_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYORALTY.

DR. JOSEPH ACCEPTS OFFICE FOR ANOTHER YEAR.

The members of the Town Council met at the Town Hall on Monday evening, to consider the question of , the selection of a Mayor for the ensuing year. Alderman Forshaw (deputy Mayor) presided. On the motion of Alderman Tionion, seconded by Aldermen Bennett. and supported by several member., it was unanimously resolved that Councillor Dr. Joseph be I requested to accept the office for a second year. A deputation, conettirg of the Chairman, Alderman Tinnion and Alderman Bennett, was appointed to wait upon the oh ctor to ascertain bin views on the matter . . _ .

The deputation met Dr. Joseph on Wednesday morning, and we understand that he accepted the Cow:wire invitation to hold thee fliee for another year.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUSICAL SOCIETY' OPERA. "SAN TOY"

OPENING OF THE PLAN.

On Wednesday next the plan opens 01 reserved seats at the Warrington Musical Society's performances of the musical comedy "San Toy," and judging by the popularity which this annual event of the society's opera performances has gained it will not be surprising to find that there is a great rush for places. In the cast for "San Toy" there are several names which are pleasur- ably associated with leading parts in past enterprises of the same kind—such people as Mr. J. Rabbitt, Mr. J. W. Bibby. Mr. F. Fieldhouse, Mr. J. C. Bardsley, Mr. J. H. Dr.sper, Mr. W. Moores, and last, but by no means least, Mr.G. H. Smith, will be welcomed in the prominent parts in "San Toy "to which the mere mention of their names naturally allies them. On the other hand the parts for the principal ladies include two new names out of a possible three. It has long been expected that Mrs. C. Garton Stone's vocal and histrionic ability would in the near future be signally recognised, and the fact that the title role of "San Toy" is allotted to her will, we feel confident, ha hailed with pleasure by all patrons of the Musical Society's operatic performances. Miss Sara ,Silcock and Miss Nellie Mullins both have prominent and onerous parts to fill, and there can be little doubt, from what is heard of the rehearsals, that the choice of the Opera Committee will find its full justification when these two ladies come before the footlights. The two acts of "San Toy" present scenes of the busiest animation, occasion being found in the second, at the reception by the Chinese Emperor, for a most graceful and bewitching solo dance which, in the part of " Trixie, " will be undertaken by Miss Marjorie Dodds. There are, however, numerous ensemble and sectional dances and evolutions which can scarcely fail to delight the spectators of them,while the lantern ritual, the solo and choral singing and the scenic displays which go to the keeping of the Full Moon Feast in Act I will, it is confidently antici- pated, enthral both the sight and the hearing of all privileged to be amongst the audience. "San Toy' is just now being most arduously rehearsed, with Mr. F. H. Crossley at his usual post as conductor and musical director, and Mr. R. W. Lomax in the position of dramatic instructor and stage manager, and the public performances are, as will be seen from our advertising columns, fixed to take place on the six nights commencing Monday October 16th in the Royal Court Theatre, in which luxurious place of amusement full justice will be done to the work in regard to scenery, lighting, and other details pertain- ing to its due presentment. _

Below is appended a list of the principal rrsonages in the Musical Society's produc- tion of "San Toy"

SAN TOY.

Captain Bobbie Preston Mr. J. Babbitt Yen How Mr. J. W. Bibby Sir Bingo Preston Mr. P. Fieldhouse Lieut. Harvey Tacker Mr. J. Canon Bardsley Fo Hop Mr. J. H. Drnper Li Mr. G. H. Smith BFl's/2r Mr. W Moores -- • - • .

Sink Hi Ku Fan Puppis Dudley Rose Tuokor (Triaie) Sao Toy

Mr. J. Seotson Miss R. D. Bond ..... .- Miss Sara Silcook Miss Nellie Mullins Bli.s Marjorie Dodds

Mrs. C. Carton Stone

===== 0002601_19110930_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
STANZAS FROM STOCKTON HEATH.

I must get me to bed te-night early, Wilt the lark I must rise in the morn, Ere the dew's t if the grass glistn'ng pearly, Ere the reapers are out 'mongst the corn. For to-morrow's the day that will sure be Quite the busiest day of the year, And the tinv'nor must not be before me, For we're starting our Autumn Sale, dear. He's been looking quite black of late, dearie, And I dread lest I'm asked to resign, For he's tired (so am I) of his query " Why can't you get here, sir, by nine," Ah me ! I remember it once Iva, Quite the easiest feat to essay, A feat that the Ship Canal bridge has— Plus the Crossings, made harder each day. I depart at eight-thirty each morning, On the dot (as you'll testify, dear), But I seldom get Lir ere the warning Toot-toot 'of a steamer I hear ; Aye! a toot 'from smile away, nearly, And I sprint for the Bridge with a dash, Nine times out of ten, thcugh, I'm clearly Too late. Gates are closed with a crash! " Do I weep, do I tear my hair ?" dearie, Well I don't, though around me are some One would hardly term Stoics, I fear me. Or they'd hold back the"cuss words" thatcome. Aye, but" cuss words" are vain,they discover, And are not worth a rap—oe'er a one, All my own I keep back till I'm over, And find—that to, car to town's gone. Ah well ! I'm at leant spared the tossing That must needs ft om a tram-ride accrue, And I may catch it up at the Crossing If the five-to nine ' shunter is due. Though it's not worth the fare then, to mount it, For the short ride to Bridge-street above, 11l did, I am sure you'd account it A piece of Extravagance, love ! What a blessing, if each delayed waiter Could inflict (and collect) a small fine. Every time he's detain, d at 'tl2 Equator ' (So-called 'cause of Crossing the Line). If it's true shout Time being Money. What a lot of our cash they must hold ! Wouldn't the Board f director- look funny If we asked 'em to tip up ota gold ! But I must Le in time in the morning. Set ti, alarm for five thirty I pray. That it's hurricane bell may give wart ing, " It is time to be up. and away." Tie your tce to the bedp, nt. old girlie— Eh, what's that ! Oh bother your corn ! What's discomfort so long a, I'm early— Our Antum Sale starts in the mean ! PAGAN.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
A Correction

TIIU

Sr,—Tn your issue of September 23rd, I am reported to have said at • meeting convened to press the claims of the under-fed school children, " there had been a statement that there were 3,1 children being fed, Ae." What I did say wag" it bad been stated that there were only 35 hungry children gcing to selio..l. . . but that did not justify the Education autholitirs in not putting the act into operation. " I shall esteem it • favour if you will rtctify the error.— Yours truly, JAMES HAMPSON. 80. Oldham-street. 25th September.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BABY SHOW.

Preliminary Arrangements

A successful meeting to insuzirrate this year's Baby Show was presided over by the Mayor and Mayoress on Thursday evening. Amongst those present were :—Mr Alderman James I Evans, Councillors Wilson, and Dr McKee, Dr Hutt, Mr J Moore Murray, Mr Walter T Flood, Mr Rowlands Mr A Nield, Miss Brown, Mrs Forshaw. Mrs Hutt, Miss Hughes, Mrs Murray, Miss Pekes, Mrs Ransoms, Miss Waring. The Mayor in opentng the meeting said that there was no reason for him to elate why the meeting had been called together : the success of lot year's Baby Show almost necessarily rntailed another one being held this year. There was a large number of entries (341 and many mothers had received useful prizes. Much of the sUCCPS/1 win due to the untiring elf las of Mr. Conncillor Wilson and the officials of the Health Department. This year the Mayoress, I,ndy Greensil, Mrs. A. H. Crottield and Mrs. C. E. Parker have kindly consented to act ran patronesses. (Applause.) He was glad to see present several promment townspeople connected with such societies as the Mothers and Babies Welcome and the Guild of Help. The coming show was in no wov a rival of the Mothers and Babies Ws lcome but a colleagues ; no effort would be spared to ensure the complete co-operation of the two inatitut (Applause). It was proposed to hold the show in the Parr flail,! possible, on Thursday afternoon, October 19th. • Councillor Wilson wide a few remarks on last year's proceedings and said the total receipts amounted to £22 ss. lid., and of this £lB Ins. was spent in prizes and the remainder in printing and sundry expenses. Councillor Fulton Smith had been kind enough to provide the ten for the large number of mothers present I at the show ; Mrs. Caleton was good enough to lend , the crockery, tea urns, An. He wished to tionk the officials, Dr. Joseph, the chairman of the Health Com- mittee, the officials of the Health Department, and the helpers at the show, for all the kind interest they had taken in the proceedings. ; Suggestions were invited from those working last ; year. Alderman James Evans emphasised the value of the preliminary weighing of the babies at the llesltb • Department. . .

Mrs. Ransome suggested that some arrangement should be made for the judging to be done by some other than local lemons In reply to this Dr. Hutt said that he would place the suggestion before the committee in order to see if they could get some medical man, such as • Medictl Officer of Health, or a Children's Specielist from one of the neighbouring towns to act as referee. The Mayor mid that a large number of judges Mould be invited to take part in the proceedings is order to diminish the length of time occupied in judging. The Mayor proposed the election of the following to serve ex-officio on the committee :—The Mayor, Mr Councillor Wilson, the Chairman of the Health Com- mittee, the Medical Officer of Health, the Assistant Medical Officer of Health, the Chief Sanitary Inspector. The following ladies and gentlemen were proposed by Mr J Moore Murray and seconded by Mr Arnold Nield as members of the committee : Mrs Briggs, Miss M Broadbent, Mrs Forshaw, Mrs Ilibbert, Mra Hatt, Mrs Lightburn, Mrs J Moore Murray, Mrs Ransome' Mr Councillor H Roberts, Mr Alderman Tinnion,Mr W Rowland, Mr H Kingdon, Mr Ceuncillor Wilkinson, Mr Councillor Jenkins. It was arranged that the committee should meet on Monday. October 2nd, at 7.45 p.m. in the Committee Room, No. I. The Assistant Medical Oificer of Health WO2

authorised to see to the necessary advertising and , printing. In proposing a vote of thank, ta the Mayor and Mayoress, Mr. Alderman James Evans said that the Mayo and klayoreea, in spite of many calls upon their ' time, to his knowledge were always ready to help forward any useful movement for the benefit of the town. He believed in the baby show because of its erlucational value, and he also believed in the prize giving, but at the same time he thought that the people should be taught that there was help at hand which they them- selves could obtain by their own labours if they would only stretch out their hand to do it. The Civic League of Help. The Mothers and Bebies Welcome end other kindred societies, along with the Health Committee were doing a good educa- tional work, but he thought very strongly that the people must be taught how to improve their own con- ditions, and not to expect to have everything provided for them by the generosity of ladies and gentlemen who gave their time and money to the maintenance of the, rions societies. He believed that the Baby Sh ow did a great deal of good by encouraging the mothers to pay more attention to their ohildren. (Applause). Councillor Or, McKee seconded the vote of thanks to the Mayor and Mayorrsa and said that he approved of all that Mr. Alderman James Evens had skid ; he felt sure that the creating of interest of the parents ' was strongly to the benefit of their children, for the children of to-day are to become the citizens of the future; ens healthy race of people depends the pros- perity of the country. The Mayor in his reply fetid that he was very much obliged to Mr Alderman James Evans for his kind remarks. The amount of time and energy given by him as chairman of the ilea% Committee to the interests of the town were appreciated not only by himself but by many of his fellow townsmen. On a subject like the onelhefore them this evening he felt as it were on his native heath ; anything leading towards the proper care and feeding of babies had his whole hearted support. The Baby Show,if it did nothing, else rvOnld ensure the temporary well being of a large number of bible, and he we, sure that in a large proportion the mot here' increased interest in the babies would not be temporary but permanent. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19110930_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
REGIMENTAL COLOURS FOR THE PARISH CHURCH. A Magnificent Record.

A deeply impres,i,e ceremony will take place at the Warrington Parish Church on Friday evening next when the old colours of the 2nd Battalion Prince of Wales' Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment) will be handed over to the care of the Rector and churchwardens. Few regiments, if any,can boast of such a magnfficent record of service as the 2nd South 'Lancashire Regiment, which was formerly known as the 82nd Foot Regiment. The colours which will be presented on Friday are emblazoned with the names of victories which stand out brilliantly in the pages of English history and it is a matter for great satis- faction that these much-treasured pormessions should find a resting place in the ancient parish church of tbe twith vvbich the regiment has such intimate associations. Each colour bears the tw.) regimental badges—the plume of the Prince of Wales and the Sphinx, superscribed Egypt, the latter bearing reference to the Napoleonic campaigns. The following remarkable roll of battles is inscribed npon the colours : —Louisburg, Martinique, (1762), Havannah. St. Lucia (1778), Monte Video, Roliea, Virniera, Corunna, Talavera, Badajoz, Salamanca, Vittoria. Pyrennees, Nivelle, Orthes, TO•liollhe, Peninsula Niagara. Waterloo, Candabar, (1842), 0 huznee (1842 (°abo° '1812) Marajapore, Sebastopol, Lucknow, New Zealand, South Africa, (189 19021,Relief of Ladysmith The proceeding% on Friday next will be worthy of a memorable occasion. The 4th Battalion South Lancashire Regiment (Territorials) and the Army Service Corps have consented to escort the colon. s to church and the band of the battalion will be in attendance. At seven o'clock * proceaoinn will leave Orford Barracks, consisting of the band of the Bth and 40th Regimental district, agu .rd f honour and ,all the troops stai roped at the Barracks. Proceeding to the Drill Hall, they will then be met by the Territorials, the M.yor of Watrington and civic officials. At 730 the procession wilt be re-formed and march along Sankey-street, Buttermarket-street, and Church-street to the Pariah Chnrch. Torch- bearers sill form an escort on each side of the colours On artival at the Parish Church the procreeionists will be joined by the Church Lads' Brigade. The troops having taken their allotted places in the church, the c lour party will enter and, preceded by the choir and clergy, walk up the centre aisle to ihe chancel step& Here the ceremony of handing over the colours to the Rector will take place. A special form of service will begone through and the proeeed- Mg. will be of a most inspiring and memorable character.

Cap•ain E. Elgood, adjutant cf the Ith S. Lanca- shire Regiment, is issuing the following notice to the members of the local Territorial battalion The Battali in has been invited to take part in this most interesting and impressive spectacle, and the Commanding Officer Lopes that all ranks of: the Battalion will do their utmost to attend, and so continue the spirit of comradeship with the Line and Special Reserve Battalion which exists at present. About 50 N.C.O.'a atd men will be required as Torchbearers to the Colour Party. The Battalion will fall in at the Drill Ball, at 7.15 p.m. on Friday. I:th October 1011, in Review Order. Refreshments will be pt °Tided. All members who intend to be present are requested to attend at Drill Hall, on Wednesday creasing next, the 4th October, for instruction. Dress —plain clothe-.

The death hal taken place at Kirkham of en-Sergt. Butler, of the Rochdale Constabulary. who at the time of his retirement, two years ago, was the heaviest policeman in the kingdom. He weighed over 2tiet when be waa stationed at Littleborough, but since his retirement his weight ha'! decreesed.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
GLOBE

Furnishing Co.

(I R Gll,l r PEMPROKE L PLACE, iverpool

===== 0002601_19110930_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON, WEDNESDAY. FRISTI Eoos,G and 7. SILL Soucs, Is 8.1. FRESH BUTTER,IS 51 to Is Gd DORKING CAross 31 94 CHEESE, 81 and 9d. each. RABBITS, IS Is. Id. DUCKLINGS Rs G I each. Fowle (couple) ts 6d to I...EstoN Bouts... le,

5s 6d HALIBUT, 10d to Is. Dueßs(oouple)ss 6d to 6s6d COD, 6d. WHCAT.—Ie 104 to 4A lid per 'Nibs. OATS.-21 1031 to 2s 1134 per Silos. HAT.-15 to 25 be. per ton. OAT STRAW.--E:: 10. to .22 121 ad per t 5. WHEAT STRANT.—R2 74 6I to £2 10i. XX nom-23.36d per 210 lb.. BRAN—Is 11d per 20Ihs.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NOVEMBER ELECTIONS

Although much has been heard about probable contests, there is little of a definite character to record with regard to the forthcoming municipal elections The following is the list of councillors whose term of office expires at the end of October : TOYS BAH: WARD : Council' ir T. Dirties (I). WIIITECIDeS WARD : Councillor U. Roberts (p. _

BEWSEY WARD : COUOCiaIOT JAITIeII I lICREII3BOI3 (L). ORFORD WARD : COUOCiIIOT JIVIDeS 11411iwell (L). Sr. JOHN'S WARD: CJuncillor F. T. Lash•ora (c). FAIRFIELD WARD :ouucill.,r J. G. Craik(l,. HOWLEY WARD Councillor T. Mintier (Q. _

Si. 1112,TIN't. WARD Councillor G. W. Jwsepb (3). LAT, Fll ORD WARD : Councillor J. Pemberton (C). The only ward.; in which contests are assured up to the present are St. John's and Orford. In opposition to Coancilbr Lashford, who hes ag4in been selected by the Consn-.-ative Committee of St. John's Ward. the Socialists have brought out Mr. J. Hsmpson who has previously fought unsuccessfully for a seat on the C4uncil. It is very probable that the Liberals will have a strong candidate in this ward. Councillor J. Halliwell, the Liberal representative of Orford Ward, has consented to seek re-election and will have the I support of an enthusiastic band of workers. He will I be opposed by Mr. George F. Robson, a Trades and I Labour candidate.

In Whitecross Ward Courcillor H. Roberts, who has the support of a strong and well-organised ward committee. is already in the field, and his long record of work in the Council sill doubtless ensure a renewal of the confidence of the electors.

Councillor Dickensou has again been se!ected by the Liberal Commitiee of the Bewsey Waid. to stani: in the progressive intereit. In Howley Ward several rntlemen are being approached with a view to wresting the representation of ihat Ward from the Tories and " the trade:' The Conserva ire Ward Committees have adopted the following candidates —St. Austin's Ward. Ca- cillor Dr. Joseph: St. John's, Councillor Lasliford Lstcbford, Councillor Pemberton; Howley. Councillor Chitotler.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST FESTIVALS

front page 6 HOLY TRINITY CH URCIf

The harvest Fea-titTaTt;v—tec:om-rn;Ceit;t the above church on Thursday evening when, good coogregat ion assembled. The church bad been tsatefully decorated itti the usual harvest products by the ladles of the congregation. The preacher w..s the Rev J Winter. who took an his tent the words " Give as this day our daily braid." Special music was rendered by the choir including the anthem " Thus visitest the earth and blessest it." Mr It Randall presided at the organ. The collections will be devoted to the Clergy Fund. The services will he costumed to-morrow (Sunday waen the preacher morning and evening will be the Rev. J. Morgan Price.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JANIES CHURCH.

The opening of the harvest (withal et the above - Church on Thursday was attended by • large congrega- tion. Tbe church bad been tastefully decoratel wi,li fruir, flowers, corn and vegetables by the following ladies :—Slesdemes Davies, Collins. Booth, Fivglanr, Carruthers, and Mimes Burgess and Parry. Tue general effect was most plmsing. The service was contacted by the vicar, the Ile, 11. It. Firth, esylstei by the Rev H II Curable. "fte Bev J T i Daman, nicer of Walton, was the preaches, and took for his tent Give us this day our daily breed." Mr WII Stanalleld rout the lessons. The choir under .he able leadership of Mr E Davits gave a beectithl rendering of the anthem "Thou •leitest the writ " IT Mee Pattison,, the rthintette being taken by Messrs U Pevitt and Jimmy Pmitt and Musters Percy and Fred limiest and T Pavia. The collection 14ar in aid of the Clergy rand. SPIRITUALIST SOCIETY.

The members of the Warrington Spiritualist Society celebrated the ingaihering of the fieriest et their mestinga in the Druids Hall on Sunday and Monday. Au abundance of fruit, vegetables flowers, tcl., had been taatefully arranged by some of the workers The services on Sunday afternoon and evening were cm- ducted by Mr. Hanson G. Hoc. of Halifax, secretary of the Spiritualist National Calor), who also atteaded both ~IOW of the f.ycenm and gave • harvest address to the scholars in the afternoon. At the evening meeting Era Fox end triage Randal's, two Lyceum scholars, gave recitation* of a" !went ' chersCter. On Monday 'miming there was a public tea meeting, after which Miss A. Jotter, of Riosoora. gave cleireo7. ant*, this being followed by the male of the commodities used in the dirplay. •

===== 0002601_19110930_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRTH.

Snow!. —At Bircbdale, Albert-road, Greppenhall, on tbe 2.1,h last to Hr. sod Dim G. H. Short nee Auktaa4), • daughter.

WAR RINCITON.—Pri tad anid Published by Jon W LK ite ot Co. (Warriegtoo , Ltd., at 216 Sateminer General Printing Wort.s, 11. bratty -street, end published by them at the same place, and also at 2, The rEsaminey 0 lines, Victoria-reed, Wl DIMS. 3, Gio tp-ause. Sr. lim.irts. 3. Martat.et rept, • t t.asToW I aturch-streot, Rcxcoss. SEPTEMBEY 30 1911.

===== 0002601_19110930_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19110930_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W. P. HARTLEY'S Seville Orange MARMALADE is absolutely pure.

BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER Is? PREACHER: REV. J. STEWART CHEDBURN. Morning 10 30. Evening 6.0. OFFERTORIES. BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER IST HARVEST FESTIVAL Morning 10.45. Evening 630. PREACHER : REV. J. T. SCHOFIELD. SERVICE OF SONG AT 2.30. SOCIAL AND SALE OF FRUIT. TUESDAY AT 7.30. - BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER IsT, 1911. Morning 10.30. REV. HUGH WILLIAMSON. Evening 6.30. REV. W. A. BECKETT. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided. ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER IsT, 1911 HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES. 10.43 A.M. AND 630 P.M. PREAAHF.R : REV. WILLIAM REED. BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH.I WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER IsT. MORNING 10.30: REV. H. MIDDLEWOOD. EVENING 6.00: REV. HUGH WILLIAIdSON. RA. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME. MAN A GING DIRECTOR MR FRANK M ACN A HTEN. MANAOER : MR. R. TURPIN. ONCE NIGHTLY AT 7.30. EARLY DOORS AT 6.30. ORDINARY DOORS AT T. MONDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 2ND, AND DURING TIM WEEK, ROBERT MACEONALD PRESENTS SEYMOUR HICKS' PRODUCTION OF THE ENORMOUSLY SUCCESSFUL MUSICAL COMEDY, "THE GAY GORDONS." BOOK BY SEYMOUR HICKS. MUSIC BY GUY JONES. FULL CHORUS UNDER THE DIRECTION OF MR. GEORGE ESS. STALts,2B.; Booked and Reserved,2a6l. CIA( LE, IS.; Booked and Reserved, Is. 63. Pir, 63. ; Early Doors, la. GALLERY, 4d.; Early Doors, 61. BOOKING PLAN OPEN at the HIPPODROME Daily, 10.30 till 3 p TELEPHONE SCO.

WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH I REWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TOMORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 18T, 1911. Morning 10.30. Evening 6 30. PREACHER: REV.. J. YONOE. N.B. The Lord's Supper will be observed after Evening _Service. P.S.A. FOR MEN AT 3 P EMMAN UEL (REFORMED) CHI BOLD ST. HARVEST THANKSGIVING SERVICES. TO-MORROW (SmAy) OCTOBER IsT. PREACHER : (MEV. W..T. JAYE. 10.30: The Former and Latter Rain." 3.0: Harvest Lessons (Children's Hormon) 5.30: "Th. Priecipal Wheat." SPECIAL ANTHEMS BY THE CHOIR. ORGANIST: MR. J. W.3OWETT. ALL SEATS FREE PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH, LEGH ST SPECIAL SERVICES WILL BE HELD ON THE FIRST SUNDAY OF EACH MONTH (OCTOBER TO MARCH) at 630 when the following subjects will receive treatment. "The Quest for God."" Repentance,' " Faith,"" Conversion," "The Christian Life;' "The Life Hereafter." PREACHER : REV. W. COOPER. SPECIAL MUSIC BY THE CHOIR. A HEARTY WELCOME TO ALL. DEATH. ROBERTS:—On 20t1 September at School Brow Dairy, Warrington, Edwarl, the beloved husband of Mrs. IL E. Roberts.

HAIRCOMBINGS I made up 2,1- per on. COVERLETTE I TAILS OF FROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE 5/6 FROM 316 SACK. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL. MRS. ROBERTS and FAMILY sincerely Thank all Friends for their kind expresirons of sympathy in their sad bereavement, also for floral tributes. CH. DAWSON, Teacher of Music.—Schools . visited, special comae for School Teachers. Elementary and Advanced, Sight Singing, Ear Training. Tonic Soils, Solo Singing. Pupils prepared for A.R.C.M. an a L.R.A.M. in Pianoforte Playing. Recent success. MR. WILLIAM COOKE, F.R.C.O. - Organist Iyznm Parish Church, resumes lessons on Sept. 12th in PIANOFORTE, Sto. at pupil's residence, at 121 church et, Runoore, and at Brooilield Villas, Lymm. pupils successfully prepared for town fide examination TENTS, SALE or HIRE, Cart Sheets, Horse- cloths, Cart Ropes, Twines, roofing felt dre. Repairs and Re-dressing.—ALEX McCONNELL. 96, BUTTERMARHET-STREET (Opposite old ti-rdewell), WARRINGTON. /TIDE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is A. prepared to receive loans, either at six months notice or for a term of yearn—Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURXR, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

AT 1S NELLIE ANDERTON, Teacher of I. Singing, •isits Warrington, weetly and has -vacancies for • few popils.—For terms apply 32, OAK RD., Withington, Manchester. MRS. HUBI-NEWCOMBE GIVES LESSONS in VOICE PRODUCTION, SINGING (Italian method), Pianoforte, Theory, Harmony, Thorough Baas, Counterpoint, Compoeition, Candidates prepared for Exams of Asanciated Board, Royal Coll., and Royal Acad. and Trio. Coll., London. Polpils have always taken first place at Exams. in Senior Singing, and have obtained highest eshibitions T.C.L. for Great Britain and Colonies.-24, Whitefield rd., Stockton HeethWarring ton. - - -

S. SAMYICK, HIGH-CLASS LAUNDRY, 189 WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY, WARRINGTON.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. Poornirron : Mn. JOSEPH BEECHAM. GENES MANAGER : MR. A. M. LOADER. Avrigo MANAGER : MR. H. WARBURTON. MONDAY, OCT. 2ND, 1911, FOR SIX NIGHTS ONLY. WELCOME RETURN VISIT OF THE WORLD-FAMED ROMAN PLAY CCAUDIAN. CLAUDIAN. C LAU DI AN. The greatest oreatino of the late WILSON BARRETT. WILLIAM 3IACLAREN as "CLAUDIAN." LILY C. RANDMANN as" ALMIDA." Supported by their Company of s') artistes. See the great " EARTHQUAKE" Scene. Popular prices 4d., 61., Is., is. 6d., 2s. Sesta may be booked In any part of the Theatre (except Pit awl Gallery). "THE PLAY'S THE THING." MONDAY. OCTOBER 9th, 1911 "TANTALISING TOMMY." Tel. 460 PABLIAVENTARY DEBATING SOCIETY VISIT OF SIR EDWARD RUSSELL. CO-OPERATIVE HALL, SANKEY STREET, TrESDAY NEXT AT 7.15 PROMPT. Members Free. 'Visitors 6d. sod 2d. ROYAL COURT THEATRE. -- SIX NIGHTS, OCTOBER 16TH TO 2:ST. THE CHINESE MUSICAL COMEDY SAN TOY. BY SIDNEY JONES BY .MENI HERS OF THE WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. THE PLAN OF RESERVED SEATS WILL BE OPENED at the Box Mee at the Theatre ON WEDNESDAY NEXT, OCTOBER ITH, at 10 a.to. ORCHESTRA STALLS 3g Gd. ; CIRCLE (first thee 3s. 6d, NOTE: If seats for either of those pieces are booked on or before Fiiday. October 13th 3a. only will be charged far each seat. CIRCLE (last four rows), 2s. UNRESERVED, promenade (no mats) In, early door ls. 6d. Pit 9d., early door Is. Gallery ed., early door 9d. OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT Absolutely utmost value offered by RETURN Or POST• KING & CO., ilem, Hart eet, London, W.C.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE. BRITISH WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION. Will all the members please meet on Monday Evening, October 2a4, at 7 o'clock, in the Bold-street Church Room, to arrange for the meeting of the REV. R. J. PATTERSON, LL.B. Author of the C,atch-my-Pal movement, IN THE PARR HALL, ON WEDNESDAY, NOV. IST, Al 7.30. WARRINGTON TEMPERANCE GUILD PRasinmer : MRS. J. DODDS. THE FIRST MEETING WILL BE HELD IN THE CAIRO Sr. SCHOOLS, Os THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12sm, 1911. SPEAKER, MR. W. CHANDOS WILSON. TOPIC : "Alcohol: The Body in the Making." C. S. FELLOWS, Hon. Sec. %IT-ARRINGTON PHILOMATHIC SOCIETY 1, PRELIMINARY NOTICE. MISS ELLEN TERRY. PARB HALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER Mr, 1911. WARRINGTON LlatatleSSlVE LABOUR PUBLIC MEETING, CO-OPERATIVE HALL, SANKEY-STREET, THURSDAY NEXT, OCT. STH, AT 7.30. SPEAKERS: MR. TOM WING, EX-M.P. FOR GRIMSBY. MR. A. H. CROSFIELD AND OTHERS. WARRINGTON WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. DON'T FORGET THE GRAND FANCY CALICO BALL. PARR lIALL, OCTOBER llvs. PRIZES FOR BEST AND MOST ORIGINAL COSTUMES. TICKETS IS. Go. EACH. MRS. E. C. OSBORNE, 22, Bold St-, Warrington. Hon. Sec. SV ELECTIONS.NOWVNIUERWACIIPAL THE ELECTORS ARE RESPECTFULLY REQUESTED TO RESERVE THEIR VOTES FOR COUNCILLOR HENRY ROBERTS, WHO HAS REPRESENTED THEM IN TEIE TOWN COUNCIL. FOR 21 YEARS. WORKINGMEN'S INFIRMARY COMMITTEE GRAND ANNUAL CONCERT, PARR HALL, PALM YRA &WARR. Os SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7TH, 1911. ARTISTES : SOPRANO: MADAME RAI lIBONE CONTRALTO: MADAME R. A. SANDERS TENOR: MR. HORACE BINKS Bass MR. WILLIAM COLEMAN ORPHEUS QUA ET PARTY HUMORIST Mn. HO RD INNES , ACCOMPANIST MR. W. H. PAYTON, Moe. Bee. Ma. T. J. DOWN'S GRAND ORCHESTRA. CONDUCTOR: MR. ARTHUR DOWN. Pamirs or ADMISSION :—Front Beets sad Centre Gallery, 2&; Side Gallery, ii.; Body of Hall and Back • Gallery. 6d. • Doors open 6-45 for Ticket-holdem. Non.Ticket- holders at 7 o'clock. Concert to commence et 7.30. THOMAS BI RTON, Chairmen. J. H. J. He st 1..40N, Um Sec.

AUTUMN DRESSES. NAVY SERGE IS THE MOST USEFUL MATEEIAL FOR CIHLDKEN.s WEAR, AND THE SMARTETT FOR TADIES COSTUMES. WE STOCK THE ADMIRALTY OD FEARNOUGHT SERGES. PRICES: 1/61, 1/11},, 2/8. 2;11, to 6/11, per yard. PATTERNS SENT POST FREE. W. HODGKINSON LTD. BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

FOR ALL THAI' IS NEW IN GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. ART NEEDLEWORK THE BEST AND CHEAPEST GO TO EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS JONES AND BARBOUR, IN CANISTERS SD., 100., AND IS. SD. EACH. LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S OUTPITTERS, WHOLISALII BY AGSNTS FOR " CRILPRUTIL " CNDERIVIAR. J. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON 36, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

. . ' T tiiii 8 , 4 Tidy Paul says: ..... • 4A- I Send Us Your Order 1 ' ,; 1 . On a Post-Card To-day. ~..i t ; I Very many of our customers seldom enter our shop— they trust us so much. They simply send a post-card. It We do the rest. Within the last few years we haven't had half-a-dozen complaints from these people. This proves that if you state plainly what you want—you will never be disappointed by us. We send exactly what you order. Very often something a bit better but no higher I 4in price. Wm. Owen & Son, _ Family Grocers, 15, Sankey St, Warrington.

II EIS Rl' WAINWRIGHT, STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED 7, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL. SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, Large up-to-date Stock of JEWELLERY SILVER ALL KINDS OF AGRICLILTIIRALIMPLEMENTS, and ELECTRO-PLATE suitable for WEDDING STEAM, GAS,& OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXE PRESENTS. AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS ENGAGEMENT RINGS A SPECIALITY. REGISTERED 22cT. GOLD WEDDING RINGS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &c. ESTABLISHED 1798. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON

Gi: SAM N. GREEN THE SPOT SHOP (FISH MARKET., FOR EVERYTHING.

RICHARD JEFFREYS, 89, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Largeeasortment of Framed Pictures suitable forWeddine and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &c. Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYPR OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNS-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENORAVINGS.

New Autumn Furnishing Goods in every dept. LARGE STOCK, LOWEST PRICES, CASH or EASY TERMS. 1 oN EER FBUoI Nd ISi tl N. G LivoeßrEp.o. l Important purchase of SPECIAL VENETIAN AND KENSINGTON ART CARPETS VALUE A t 331 ; per cent below value. IN SPECIAL CLEARING LOTS OF IRISH LINEN. DOWN Sheets, Table and Fancy Linens, Towels etc. Offered at 4-to 6 9 QuA;IID'Ts In the £ under value. BLANKETS LARGE ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE FREE.

CARTING AGENTS AND CONTRACTORS. Ate meeeting of tie Canting Agents sod Coutractors it was unanimously egret d owing to iscreased cost of Hotsekerp, Wages, , that on and after 2nd October, 1911, the charge for Home Hire will be tts. per day, 6 clays to the week. F. H. WILSON, Secretary. POST OFFICE TELEGRAPHS. Pursuant to the Provisions of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1908 : NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that His Majesty's Postmaster-General, having obtained the con- sent in that behalf of the body having the control of the Publio Road between Kingsley Post Office. Newton Lodge and Crofton Lodge, intends to place a Telegraph over and along the said Public Road and for that pur- pose to erect and maintain posts in and upon the said Public Road under the powers conferred on him by the Tel egraph Acts above-mentioned. General Post Office ALEXANDER F. KING, 22nd September, 1911. Secretary.

)111.1BRO /6.41M.1111111.1E JEWELLERY in the home is only a nuisance, it is neither an ornament nor an article of utility. Whilst it is in that condition it may he only equal to scrap metal, but a few pence expended upon it will make it once again valuable and beautiful. Being practical working jewellers, me execute repairs of all kinds at lowest possible prices. 1 MILLER & eo, 10, SANKEY St., Warrington. ,

BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LENT FROM 10 TO £l,OOO. A Gentleman having a considerable amount of spare Capital is prepared to make Immediate Advances to Ladies, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Farmers, Shopkeepers, and any Respectable Householders at a moderate rate of interest on Note of Hand alone. Business can be completed entirely by post if desired. GENUINE TRADE BILLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGHT- FORWARD DEALING AND STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, stating full particulars and requirements to J. GRlFFlN.Minories Chambers,lMinories,Birmingham• N.B.—Don't pay Fees or Travelling Expenses, and don't give a Bill of Sale before applying to me.

0, , o 4149 k-ts, Pt.

It will rain on /10 days Between now and Christmas if the average of previous years is maintained. DON'T wait until you are wet through and have caught a dangerous chill. Get an Umbrella to-day, there are hundreds of smart and serviceable designs at WILSON'S to suit all tastes and all pockets too. JMCIP C- Umbrella Specialists, 48 Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

WIDNES. OSTRICH FEATHERS, FROM 1-, 1 ID. £5, ET, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MAUE PRIVATELY to TRADES. nCO,OOO OSTRICH FEATHERS, any colour. Tips. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all " Is. lid.; Flames 18 inches, 2s. 11d. ; Lancers from 12s. 9d. to E 5 ss. ; Boas from 9/1. lid. Post free. Respectableflouseholders, on their own security, with- out delay, on our simple written promise to pay tack Money returned if not satisfied. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. U. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. SOUTH AFRICAN PRODUCE CO., LTD. JOHN E. GOODWIN. MANAGER. 133, OXFORD ST., LONDON, W.

MRS. liallit23l.lLAS3Eir 50 & 52, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. , w Showing a Choice Select on of INFANT'S CLOAKS, COATS and CAPES, MILLINERY, BABY LINEN, etc. Cots and Baskets Trimmed to Order.

BTO £5,000 LENT DAILY . CUNNINGHAM, £5 ON THESE TERNS for agreed periqd : 29, FROG HALL LANE, %ARRINGTON. £5 loan, Repay ES 10s. I EZ loan, Repay £27 10e. BREWER'S AGENT AND Barr Lea OF £lO a „ Ell I £3.0 „ „ £33 Guinness's Stoat, Banns Pale Ale, Beuin's No. 1 £l5 „ „ £l6 10s. I E. 50 „ £ss Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. £2O „ „ £22 I £lOO „ „ EDO Devonshire and Hereford Cider. No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special attentiors Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. applicants from this district. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAOZR Bans IN BOTTLL CHARLES PAIKIN, Atso biANCYACTURRIIS OF 219,BRUNSWICK ST.,OX FO it D RD., MANCHESTER: HI 3R-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. ad nat 19, WITTON ST.. (over Bradley's Clothing Shop) Telephone 79. NORTHWICH.

Tel. No. I 2 ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington). Tel. No. 123. E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castmo is frequently save 50 per cent, in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight); Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Allovs. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated iron Roofs and Bu Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, Oil Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric llotore. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. " Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet Ilameter. Planing •i) to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-Inch stroke. Milling, Punching, She; rag and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during 1111 estabilibmutt over 60 years.

We hold the largest stock of HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS In the North of England. AND SELL AT THE LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH. 34, to 48, LONDON-ROAD, HOTHAM-STREET BRIDPORT-STREET, AND FRASER -STREET. Rau & Miles, LIVERPOOL Illustrated Catalogue Post Free on application. Telegrams, '' FURNISH! MG. - Telephone 1214 Row

Old @ abar CHICALA A DRY FEED FOR CHICKENS AGENTS GARTER SON °too, Warrington

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Sin Th i rteen Wu.ds. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 3d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Rd. ...Bs. 9d. 24 ... Rd. ... 15. 10d. ... Sts. Od. ... sa. Rd. 32 ... Is Od. 2s. 6d. ... 444. Od. ... 7a. Bd. 40 ... In. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ss. Od. 133. 9d. 48 ... Is. 6d. ... 3.. 13d. ... 6s. Od. 105. Od.

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Houses SCARBOROUGH.—BT. AUBYN'S BOARDING HOUSE, New Queen at.; near sea; central; moderate and inclusive terms.—PaOettraroir. I ON DON.—WILD'S First-des TEMPERANCE 1.4 HOTELS, $0 to 40, LUDGATE HILL, B.C. Electric Lift. Central for Business or Pleasure. Also at 70 and 71, EUSTON SQUARE. Closet.) Bunton, St. Pancras, and King's Cross Stations. Home Comforts, Cleanliness, and Quiet. IDDINBURGEL—MeIviIIe ILAeI, 3, Castle Terrace M./ (Victoria), I, Erskine Place, nearest Temperance Hotels; Caledonian Station, Princes at., 1 minute ; Excursion Parties catered for ; bed and breakfast from 3s. 6d.—LitowN. -

SOUTHPORT. ITAYES'S RESTAURANT (X(PT HT OLD WARRZNOTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. ChOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

GENERAL ELLIOT HOTEL CROFT. TIES WELL-KNOWN COUNTRY RESORT HAS NOW BEEN ACQUIRED BY GEO. SHAW AND CO., LIMITED, OF LEIGH BREWERY, LEIGH. Wbo have made Extensive Alterations for the Convenience of Visitors. LARGE AND SMALL PICNIC AND PLEASURE PARTIES can be comfortably accommodated In SUITABLE DINING ROOMS. LUNCHEONS, DINNERS AND TEAS Served at the Shortest Notice utd on Reasonable Terms. A SPACIOUS AND WELL KEPT BOWLING GREEN IS ATTACHED TO THE HOUSE. SMART BILLIARD ROOM WITH EXCELLENT TABLE. First Class ALES, STOUTS, WINES & SPIRITS, Re. Cigars and Cigarettes of Well-known Brands. FOR TERMS, &C., APPLY— MANAGER, GENERAL ELLIOT, CROFT, No. WARRINGTON

BLACKPOOL (North Shore).—Visitors will find every home comfort; well recommeoded.—kirs. Mastics, 29, Banks at. (1 min. Talbot rd. Station). BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS with or without board. Close SO SOO and Central station. Piano. —Mrs. Wm. RILEY, Castle Home, 70, Hornby rd. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS at usual term.; 2 min. from SPA and Talbot rd. Station.—Mm. ROBINSON," Ivy House," 61, Lord at. BLACEEPOOL.—From 23rd inst. ; Double-bedded Room sad frontSitting•room, cooking, attendance included; 14s. a week.—Mrs. KELLEY, 43. Keswick rd. BLACEPOOL.—Comfortable APART3IENTS with or without board; central to both stations and all amusements; plano.—Mrs. B. NORTH, 8, Alfred at. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, board optional; I Olin, from sea • opposite Talbot rd Station ; borne comforts. Centril to all amusements Mrs. T. WAREING, 6,C00k son it. LACKPOOL.—Bed, cocking and attendance, Is. each person • three minutes Central Station and sea; boarders 25e.' weekly • cycle accommodation.— Mra. ELLAIS, 27, Charsley - LACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, board 19 optional, 3 minute" sea and Central Station; Is. each person, cooking and attendance; bath, piano.— Mrs. JOHNSON, Central Terrace, Central Drive.

BLACKPOOL.—Public and Private APARTMENTS; board optional ; good beds and firm •, every con- venience.—Mrs. B. CHADWICK, 29 Lonsciale rd., off Lytham rd. near Manchester Hotel and sea. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, close to Central Station. Near entertainment, piers and sea. Pisoo.—Mrs. CHAPMAN, 63, Coronation at., (late of 17, Hall rd.)

BLACKPOOL—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board; 1 min. Talbot rd. station, Be, and all amusements; piano.—Mrs. A. CADMAN, 23, Edward at. IBLACKPOOL.—Bed, cooking and attendance, in. each person; two minutes from Central Station and Bea ; piano.—Mrs. J. STREET, IL Charnley rd., off Coronation at.

NI ENTLEMAN Require. Position.—Good Account- ant, Experienced Manager, salary moderate.—M. A3t.Lestne, Stanley rd., Woodford. A GENTS Wantedno sell Private Christmas Cards XS. finest selection; large oommission.—STßVENSON AND CO., 45, Pork rd., Forest Hill, London. Private Christmas Carda—AgeoLs Wanted, Big Corn. Free Sample Book of np-to-date designs. Prompt delivery.—The Lancashire Art Co., Accrington. 910 AGENTS, Canvassers, dn.-82 Weekly can be -1. made selling our new Ointment.—Address for partioulars.—M AN• G ER, 11, Bodley at., Liverpool. 50,050 JOURNALS wanted wArnptinesto ~ittleoptps'peMrarinretro's Directory Guide.—. Snooks.; Worthing. AU ANTED to Adopt Baby frsm birth,or older Child; • country house, motherly, loving care end Wen- tion ; mod. premium.—PEßßlS, Fyffeld, Onpr, Essex. IVIJKSK experienced, wants SITUATION • 4 years Al reference, aged 23.—Miss Rec LEN, 29, SITUATION; at., Halm, Manchester. 1100 DUNG WANTED, any qoantitiev, large or small, good price _given.—TH le WARRINGTON GLAZLD KID CO, LTD., Long lane, Longford, DORI Warrington. irtRESS EXCHANGE, 4, Hornby rd., Central Drive Blackpool.—Wardrobe dealer, good price given for all kinds of left-off clothing ; letters and parcel promptly attended to • register office for servants; mated good generals, also waitresses. WANTED thoroughly Competent HEAD MILLINER to take charge of Millinery and Mantle Department under Drapery Manager. Apply by letter only enclosing copies cf recent testimonials (which will not be returned) stating age, wages required and experience, not later than 'Tuesday, October lath, endorsed " MILLINERY " to the Warrington Equitable Industrial 03-operative Society Ltd., 15, Cairo it., Warrington. None but competent hands need apply.

LACKPOOL._COIOfOTbI APARTMENTS; terms moderate ,• 1 min. from Talbot rd. Station, North Pier and ses.—Miss DAWSON, Warrington House, 15, Lord st., North Shore. BLACKPOOL.—Cornfortable APARTMENTS (booed optional), near sea, trams, station and pier; every convenience; terms moderate.—Mrs. CHAPMAN, St. Begot nt., South Shore.

BLACKPOOL—APARTMENTS, 2s. night,2 persons; 11 board optional; piano, comfort guaranteed.— Mrs. GREGORY, 35, Crystal rd., off Promenade. BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board. Minute from sea and pier Near swim:L.—Mrs. lira oiss,s Miller at, off Shaw rd. South Shore. - BLACKPOOL. —Comfortable APARTMENTS close to sea and amusement.. Bath, piano. ls. each per day. Public and private.—Mrs.(MOPED, 7, Park Avenue, Central. 11 LACKPOOL.—" Home from ho ne." Bed, cooking and attendance, Is. each pers t; minute Central Station and Sea ,• boarders from weekly cycle ; acoommodation.—Mrs. Lea, 23, Hornby rd. BLACKPOOL, S.S.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board ; terms moderate; every convenience; sea view,near promenade.-3lrs.Wlums, 2, Wellington rd. (late of Manchester). IibPLACKPOOL.—PubIto and private APARTMENTS Al with or without board, Is. each person; mia. Talbot rd, Station and ass ; piano.—Mrs. GARNER, 6 Lord it. N. Shore. BLACKPOOL.—PubIio and Private APARTMENTS 2 minutes from station and Victoria Pier. Terms moderate. Board optionaL—Mrs. JONES, 18, Church at. South Shore. BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS (board optional), OM Mill. promenade; good accommodation for cyclists; plano.—M re. Corn, 68, Lytham rd., S.S. BLACK POOL—Public and private APARTMENTS. Bed, cooking, Is., each person. Board from 255. per week. Bath, cycle accommodation, 1 minute Talbot rdAtatiou and north pies.—Mrs. Enita,2,Lord at

Shares. CIINLIFFE, RUSSELL & CO., Bankers, Mare Dealers, 10. Place deli Bourse, Paris.—Send p.c. or parties ; bankers' refs.; @stab. 1888. _ STOCK Exchange Specolstion.—E4 for every El invested now.—Write, enclosing stamp. EXCHANGE 47, Bedford it., Strand, tondos.

QOU THPO RI —AP ART biE NT 8 public aod private with or without bosrd ; ono minute from promenade and amusements ; opposite Cheshire Linos Station; bath, piano.—Miss Coarts, 12, Lord it. OCTIIPORT.—APARTMENTS with or without 1.7 board; close to pier and promenade; view; bath; piano, &o,—Mm. J. W. SIARbDE.V, 31 ilton Villas, 34, Bold it.

40, HARP COB, with Cart and Harness ; lot ; neat 11, Lorry; will land.-45, TRAvis ST., London rd., Manchester. QMALL FLOAT, equal to new, steel tyres, hat oovered.-9, CLXVILAND RD., Blew Crumpeall. 110) ALLI CAR, perfect condition, steel tyres, 19 or 14 bands.-8, CLEVILAND 50 , Mabee 0/unmeallt

eoRsT & eOUNTRY. Where to stay.

ABERYSIWYTII.—APARThIENTS ; special terms for September; b. and o. b.th ; terms moderate. MM. JAM ri MORGAN, RiNGIGale, (10000's rd. COLWYN BAY.—Three sitting, seven bedrooms to Let, private or public; reduced terms; good attendance, central, town, oath, piano, electric light— Mm. ROIGEHTS, Lips Blodwen, Abergele rd. DYSERTII, near RbyI.—APARTMENTS, with or without board; good table; lovely scenery,— SonERTv, Fron Haul. Dyserth. LLANDUDIYO.—CRAIG Moo BOARGING•IIOCSR Abbey rd.; lovely situation; every comfort;- terms from 25a. weekly. I .LAN Lrbotr.—Uomfortaore APA late lb.bl LA cookie;; close to _pier and station.—Mrs. H. fiCnnEs, Brent, Route, Clifton rd. r LAN DUDNO and North Wales Coast.—For Furnished Homes, also Properly for Sale and to Let.—Apply RYAN, Auctioneer, Ldirdno. EIibIAENMAWit CLIFF'S MANUS BOARI-74FM ROUSH, also Ana fidENTS, without board; facing sea ; special in terms.-111.1. Owes. IWYE.—Sittiugrooms and 2 bedrooms, in jiiTt avenue Deny promenade ; with attendance, terms very low or wtuld let Furnished.-3, Lacy AVENUE.

Miscellaneous. BUXTON.—Carlisle House Priest° Hotel, Broad Walk, overlooking gardens, splendid views table d'bote, 7. HT. 419.—Mrs. CHAS. MA Raft ALL. BASChier LL—Comfortable ArAKIMANIII to Let in the Peak of Darbyshire. suitable for lady or gentleman; permanent: ten minutes' walk to Catholic Church.— Apply M., Elm Cottage, Rowland, Bak•well DOUGLAS.-BOAND-RESIDENCE, 255. week; 4s day ; trams pass ; near sea—Mrs. Cow LsY, 75, Bucks rd. KistiNlCK.—Conatortabie APART:4EN ; board II required •; terms moderate; near Lake and Pork.—Miss Boccn. 48, Wordsworth at. LONDON.—Bea wed Breakfast, Is; close to 'uus, tube, and traine.-11EADE, 12, Trafalgar square, Folhem rd., 13. W. (South Kensington Station). I 1 ONDON.—Board residence; excellent outage 1.4 liberal table, home comforts. Inclusive terms CILNTRAL PROPRIETRESS, 23, Leinster square. LONDON VISITORS.—Coay Bed-Sittiog-room, with good breakfast, from Si. lid. single, Gs. 6d. double —HAMILTON, 20, Bernard at., Rnssell square, W.C. LADY highly recommends pleasant, comfortable home near Llandudno for paying guests moderate: lovely country.—LLARRHOS Hors% near Llendudno. LONDON V 18110103.-933" ROOMS, with Aood breakfast, from 3a.; single 5.; double Inclusive; ITel., "Arriving." London—Hamilton, 1, liurree 52., Brunswick Square, Russell Square, W.C. MATLOCK—Comfortable APA RTMENTS, p ulffl and private ; bath, piano ; mcderate.—Mrs ELTON, Ferncliffe, Bank rd. ILNTHOR PE, near Carnforth.—C omfortable atl. Accommodation for Visitors; sea and country.— BBOOMBY, Park-terrace. • VI OR ItCAM BE, WE.—Mrs. FIRTH, Ferndene, SO, Regent rd. Comfortable APARTMENTS, 2s. per bed each night • piano, bath. Special winter terms with or without board. 31 ORECAMBS . —Public and Private APART- ". MENTS, every home comfort, Is. each person- board if required ; 1 minute, promenade.—Mrs. WARD 'rhorneville (late Green 5t.),36,8ea View Parade, W.E ANMAEN2lAWß.—Comfortablequietaome offered to small family or gentleman, convenient, in own gcounds ; near station and shore ; good cooking. Moderate tereIa.—FROPRIETRESS, Brookside.

Medical. 'DARE BOOKS Bureau, Wasted.,Salem, Review; Oct.;post free Werze,Printer,Keighle. C—plexion Pills—Latest discovery inißeauty Treat- Went, Is. 31.—NECROPATII, 70, Victoria at, S.W. ROUND Shoulders, Weak Chest and Lungs pretreated by wearing my adjustable 'Shoulder Braces'; post free, P.O. 1/1.-4 MEDICAL,' 2 Madras, Bromley, Kent, PURITY OF LIFE with a few Homely Remedies a Cure for most Diseases; post free, is. 2d.— BOBBINS, 8.A., Qneen at., Limerick. RHEUMATISM, GOUT, Lumbago, Sciatica. Lady 1.11., who was helpless from Rheumatic Fever will give Instant relief and cure without painful rubbing. Poet free. 2/11.-60, COMERAGH RD., West Kensington. LICZEMA—a37i-d-lal itching, bongos skin diseases, .11.1 d ulcerated legs do., cured with GIBSON'S UNO OINTMENT, post free, 1/14 and 2/9 boxes—EASTERN APOTHEC•RILS'HALL, 135, London at., Glasgow. WEAK Neurasthenic Men should obtain copies of prescriptions and plain particulars of up-to-date remedies for restoring health a3d manly vigour ; core yourself; save pounds; stamped euvelope.—Box 8415, c/o SHARROW & THATCHER, 34,Hart at., London, W.C. FF 7 The Muscle Lubricant makes you feel St Works wonders for Rheumatism, Sciatica, Sprains, Bruises, Stiffness, dm Invaluable to Athletes. Order through your chemist, or sent post free Is. P. 0., from RADIO REMEDY CO., 3Sc 4, Great Winchester at., London E.C. A RE YOU FEELING FIT 7—lf not take FREXMA LS. PILLS, the best care for Assails, Dyspepsia, Indigestiou, Headache, Loss of Appetite, and all com- plaints arising from a weakened end disordered system. At all Chemists, Is., per box, or poet free from T. FRENCH, M.P.S., CHEMIST AND PHARMACIST (Silver Medallist in Pharmacy), 17, WESLEY RD., LEYTON, LONDON, N.E. NVHY be Bald? Vaughan's " Hairs rower" speedily produces luxuriant hair. Most astonishing results. Trial box 6d.—F. Vat:ones, SO, Arrant Avenue, Wood Green. London N. FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE been universally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy for Antemia, Giddiness, Fulness sod Swelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes la. lid., 2s. 9d., 48.6 d. and 11a. (Sample sent free). Only addrees :- 309.PORTOBELLO RD.. NOTTING HILL, LONDON

14IXED BUSINESS, low rent ; low ingoiag •, owner IX/ going abroad.—Apply, Ats;scow, Auctioneer, Wigan rd., Hindley. (lON KECTION SUF.—Mined Business ; ill-health eawrie ; steady busineas ; will sell at sacrlfice.-27, Rochdale rd., Harpnrhey, Manchester. PLUMBING and Hardware Business; 2 large windows; ina:n Street; leaving country.-25 CAVIDIDISH ST., Rebthß-onder-LTINA DROFITABLE CONFECTIONERY and MIXED BUSINESS for sale, cheap; books shown.— Appley 13, HIGHER LANE, IN hitefletd. _ _

31Alsi;talTarg,,,Canadmp, kii—Capital retook Nandi busioeatrea.—COßßOTT tON.FARD9, .4toAeokEalrEmr:y. TOCKTON HEATH.—Just completing NEW 1-...7HOUSE,7r.per week clear • parlour, kitchenneullery, bath, w.c., 3 bedrooms, garden front and back; hot water tbroughont.—Apply 7, ELLISON Sr., off Gaskell st. STOCECTON HEATlL—Finished this week, ONE ROUSE, Bs. 6d. clear per week ; parlour, sitting. room, kitchen, back kitchen with gas cooker, scullery, pantry, 3 bedrooms, bathroom, lavatory, h. Ac. and we. garden front and back, splendidly finithed.—Apply 25, WARBURTON ST., oft Faidield rd. TOCKTON EIEATIL—Open view in hoot, parlour, KY sitting-room, kitchen large bock kitchen, pantry, large shed, w.c., 3 large beirooms, bathroom, lavatory, we., good gardens back and front, rent £l9 10s. and rates.—Apply 14, FAIRFIELD RD. QTOCKTON ILL —i6o Down beim:. paid, 0-0 Ba. 6d. per weekly as rent enables person with references to buy a new well-built modern DOUSE containiog front sitting-room, parloar-kitchen, beck kitchen with gas cooker, pantry, 3 bedrooms, bathroom, lavatory, h. and c. and w.c. splendid suburb.—Apply 25, WARBE'RTON ST., off Fairffeld rd. STOCKTON HEATH—Pair of VILLAS; splendidly finished ; 2 entertaining rooms, kitchen, scullery, pantry, we., 3 large bedrooms, bath, we. and lavatory, h. and c. • large gardens; price moderate.—Apply 25, WARBURTON ST., OE Fairn•id rd.

Miscellaneous On sa'e, etc. 131UNTING.Omap Artisilc,&tim eo frok.-136cci1PS & Co.. 88. Fleet et., London. 11,000,000 good old bricks, cleaned, WNW, 8/6 1,000.- 1 11 tcuissoN,lB.ll., at.. Camberwell. VIREWOOD —Good second.baod. 300 vas loads 12 obeso.—HICHISSON, Wells et., Camberwell. 11 COMBINCIS Bought for Cash ,• best prices gi•en..--BUTIRRRLAND, 10, Oxford rd., listsow. LEFT OFF CLOTHING bought, P.O. for parcels.— Mfg. TAYLOR, 33, Cemetery rd , Doncaster. J out, book of thrilling Recitations by Mrs UP BRAND, Woodyero, Ramsey, Hunts. P.O. 7d. HARACTER read from handwriting P.O. Is. stamp —STANLRY, 177, Strand rd.. Bootle, Liverpool.

VIALL-MARKED Silver Brooches, any mune Is., post free.—W. E WERKE& Jeweller, Ryde, I.W. Vootiail Competitions ; predictions soy contest; 1: Is. fid, monthly, stamped adds.—LANs, 5 Lucerne rd.. Brighton. A SCORIISI.) goods, parcels prat he.- send P.O. Is.; ,k-t genuine articilem—GAUSTLITT, 21, Netley at., Frattom Portsmouth. NIAKE your own Northrup ; new cloth out ready for nee.—MYERS, 61, Rowland place, Leeds. CADA, Australia, &c.—Tarelve Coloured Picture Post Cards,lB.-Unique C0.,110 Heath st.,Harapstead r I .ADIES COMBINGS made into Tails, &c., Is. 6d 1-4 per oz.—Marston, Hairworker, Raglesoliffe, 13.0. SAMPLE Quart of splendid Blue Black Ink, post free (dry), 91.-Mayoroft, Woodhouse st.,Stoke-on.Trent fl AIR Combing Bong ht, ed on.; poetess!) per return —MOORS, 92, Prince.. at., Dlostoo, Manchester Seavoy or Fun.—How to make five different Invisible Inks, I /.—HUrron, 2, Duke at., Pontefract, Yorks* Building Material.-LargestSecondhand Stook London every kind cheap.-Hictursos,Welle st.,Ceniberwell 7/6_l4bt .try splendid Suit c. tolth forote rw patterns. "g_TAllL—Cheepest effective remedy ever offered, Is., iletamped envelope.-Irman,9l,Bryn-i.mor rd,Swearea Tn-Jitau.—How to hold • man ten times your strength powerlees,ls.C.Woods,Demyons,klarksTey,Colchester -0 a:tom—Gentlemen be clean shaved. Hollow-ground ILL razors only 1/2 esah.—TAYLOR. Laighmor, Dunlop. 1 0,000 Bills 10/-, 1,000 Cards, Hatbands, Memos, 4/- • Ek samples -HOWLDERSTiew,Princee st.,Southend-on 'WANG, £6 155., rosewood, inlaid tuarqueterie panels, in rod condition; worth double.-1, DALLAM LANE, Barrington.

(ARE AT Discovery, razor strop paste, saves raz sharpening, 41d. tin, two 13L—bwalososio, Bllctg Chemists, 45, Choomert square, London, 5.5. 1, 000 psirs of new Nottingham White Lace Curtains Si. pair, worth Bs. lid. carriage patti.—DtßT Co., 2s, Anchor it., Stepney. SPECIAL OFFER.—Serge Dres3 Skirt', black, navy, green, is. ltd. Send waist-measure and length to GOULD'S, 284, Hyde rd., W. 0., Manchester.

Miscellaneous continued. WitaAßGAlN.—Twormpeed 41 Riley Tr-ear W.C. ; Li JL. fur quick ; worth £25.-11, LexoMil Me. I Warrington. TNCANDESCENT MANTLES • wholesome prime, frau 1.. 31.; good Inverted, le. Gd. ; Gratzln Mantles, 18. 7d. • catalogue sent baI.—STARLIGHT ANTIA CO , Toed lane, Rockdale. APROFITABLE Season in Private Greeting Card in guaranteed with a " Marlborough " Sample Book • you will warm orders where others fall.—Apply for book to WILKINSON, 21, Beak it, Accrington. II ERECT from Loom to Wearer.—Splendid Sui 15 Lengths, 90. to 21a. ; also Overcastings ; latest novelties; patterns free; carriage paid.—Wxsx RIDING MANUFACTURING CO., Golear, Huddersfield. GG MEE Troth About C,anada."—Very interesting 1. little book containing valuable information to' prospective emigoanis. Tells about the drawbacks end bow to overcome them. Written bye successful settler —7d free from THOMAS, Penyrardd, Clynderweo, Pemba FREE.—Du Pre's Celebrated Parisian Skin Food and Wrinkle Remover and Complexion Powder. Every lady can make herself charming by the aid of these famous beautifiers. Send 7d. for postage and packing to Hu PRE Coy., 168, Boast. Waltharnstow, London. VILTER 5/6.—New English Patent, litt every tap protect your health ; drink clean water ; genuine marvel ; money returned if dissatisfied. If doubtful send for illostratios.— EDWARDS Si Co, 13e, Pembroke id.. Seven Kings, lford, Fame. WHOofesolsoitent Is Dear? eAru?ttownhoonryou zabn 000br,t7oibosf Gravy Meat for 5e.; half quantity 28.9 d.; cash with order. FARMERS' AND CONSUMERS' CO-OPERATIVE SUPPLY, Bromley-by-Bow, London. Ladies.—Send P.0.9d. for the newest and mormermel- lent labour-saving device, the X.L. Ironing Shoe, does &nay entirely with the troubles and worries of ironing. Money returned if not perfectly satisfied. Strongly made, fits any size iron, heavily plated, carriage paid. Abeolutely delights every lady—The XL. Trading Co., Ltd., Comity Chambers, Corporation at., Birm.

Zdttoation. rpHE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS WARRlNGTON.—Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Brips.—Principsl, MISS DRING, L.L.A., A.C.P. Staff includes hf A, and L.R.A.M. Next term commences Wednesday, September 20th. , QTOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. , (3 minutes from car terminus,) Day er d Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great Successes in examination. The Next Term will commence on THURSDAY, Sept. 2lst. Prospectus, references, and views on applications, to Miss PA/MINI:1TO; Principal. WHAT ARE TOO GOING TO DO WITH YOUR BOYS AND GIRLS ? DO you wish them to take ups Commercial Career? DO you wish them to enter the Civil Service? DO you wish them to enter one of the Professions? THIN CALL and consult E. SMART & CO., 1, Buttermarket-street, Warrington' the oldest and most , successful Business Training and Civil Service College in England. Fees from £2 2s. per quarter. Ladies and Gentlemen are given a first class Business Education, equipped with everything necessary to ensure a successful Commercial Career ; and guaranteed • a good position when efficient. Fees from Is. per quarter. Tuition is given in all subjects for all branches of the Civil Service, Professional Preliminaries, Banks Railways, etc. Under our methods of tuition, success 9 certain. Open from 10 to 9. Call Any Day, Any Hour. E. SMART & CO., BUTTERMARKIIT STREET, WARRINGTON

A ItlrlY Bluobers, 5/6 pair, Leggings 1/11, Overcoats -Ca.with Cape 10/8; Puttees 1/3 per, Khaki Trousers 31-, carriage paid.—ARMT CLOTHING CO., Newark. ITA-ROSA.—Beautiful complexions for all; Wel V 2e. 6d. jar Is 61—Manufacturere, VA-Ross Co. 13 & 15, Shields rd. West, Newcastle-on-Tyne. SEND 6d. for ' Farvers Comb Cleaner; instantly removes fluff, hair, &o.—' Tog HOUSIC OF PERK FARVEL,' 124, Regent at, London, W. ALo y vely Compleon.—Lady's-maid will forward unrivalled preparation as used by society ladies. Post free I/3.—Mademoiselle, 2, Walford vd., Birmingham.

EXTRAORDINARY Value.—Tke Cathedral Fountain Pen ; guaranteed 14ot. gold nib ; 2s. 93. post free worth doubIe.—RICHARDSON'S STORM, St. Allan's. THE Great Australian Remedy for Neuralgia, Lumbago; all rheumatic pains • finest remedy known, Is, postage 3d extra.-11Aso:1,316,babridge rd.,W. An Important Hint. Ladiesoihy throw away your lair oombinge ?—Post them now to William Oddy; Dept. B , Dock Mills, Shipley, Yorks. Cash 41. per on "%Jour Fortune ix [in your Name.—Send I/I P.O. for Mystery of Numbers,' and receive, free, Delinea- tion of your future.-'STAR' SUBLISRING CO.,llo.StMad. AlElectric Pocket Lamp (Improved).-Metal File- iment, la 9d ; Vacuum Flub, Ipt, 3/9d post free; gentawanted..Sciarrmc C 0,70, Newington Causeway A N Important Hint.—Ladies, why throw away your A-1 Hair Combings, post them now to WI wssi ODDY, Dept. C., Dock Mills, Shipley, Yorks. Cash 4d. per on. sent per return.

SUPERB Nottingham Lace Curtains, exquisite designs, white or ecru 31yds. 5/6, 2 pairs 10/6, 4 pairs 205.; carr.-paid,return if dissatialled.-011ANVILLE, 57, Elmore st.,lslington, N. HANDSOME solid oak Overmantel ; shelf at top ; I. centre mirror and panel pictures at sides,coloured and sepia subject. ; size 24 z 16.”n5.; 3s. 94. freeovorth 110 a. 6d.—HALL, Bernice at., Bolton. pIANO.—How to play simple tunes at once; the Alpha-Bete system ; original, effective, SUCCOR- fuI, le., Iscluding 5 melodies; postage 2d.—Aipac.- Brra Co., Dept. H.,188, Strand, London. lIIIE TAB (Patent) DOUBLE COLLARS.—Banish 1 all Tie and Collar Troubles. Sample with hat, Postal Order Od.' 3 /or Is. 7d. post free. All depths and SiZell—D Avrom COLLAR CO, Webster Buildings, Padibam, Lancs.

Machinery BOILERS 50,a0d MACHINERY, good seoond-hand JOHN STRINGER AID Sam (Dept 41) Blackburn NON-CONDUCTING COMPOSITION MANUFACTURERS for the Prevention of Radiation of Heat from Steam Boilers, Piping, Hot Water Circulating Boilers and Pipes, and all Heated Surfaces. We quote for Covering the above with Mageesia,Sl I testa Cotton ,Hair Fe I i,and our Composition Composition, Supplied in Casks Ready for Application EMERY AND EVANS, Cat.berioa St., Strangaways. Itaschaster. PATENTS 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES tz SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN ISM. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. Ries Go. COL ONIAL FOREIGN PATENT

To be Let. HOUSE TO LET, 23, Waltedeld rd., Stock ton I I each Four bedrooms,_batbroom,l43.; garden back and front; net £2t—P. RANDY, at above adds. IDUNGALOW-COTTAGE, for winter; cbeip reel; three beda—T. Jonas, Vron Cottage. Pertyltordd, Chester. Lir OUSE TO Winona," Whitefleld rd.—A MOONFILLD, " Epßorth," Whitefleld rd., Stockton Heath. VURNISIIED HOUSE for one, two or three months Latchford Without, 5 minutee station ; dining and drawing rooms, 3 bedrooms, bath. to. ; south gardend terms moderate.—Apply Z., " Examiner " Office Warrington. OTTAGE, to let, Manchester rd.; large garden F for poultry keeping, etc. ; rent As. clear.—Apply ROYSTON, Paddington, Warrington. 17, PINNERS BROW, Lock-up Shop; soil Butcher, rent Gs. 6d. per week clear. 33, PINNERS BROW, good Shop, 7s. per week clear. SG, GENERAL STREET, rent es. 3d. per week. 10, WELLINGTON STREET, rent ss. per week. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi-detached, Residence; large garden ;sunny situation ; reduced rent. MARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Douhle Office, I most central position in Wan; good light; £l6. , OFF SANKEY STREET, Warrington, 2 Storey Ware- house with cart entrance, rent £l6. 19, PIERPOINT STREET, rent 4s per keek. Apply ROBERT Lowe, Estate Agent, No.l Bank Street W Arrington Telephone—No 55

AN eminent violinist, owing to illness, is obliged to part with two old violins, at 21s. each, with bow and case, worth EC ; great sacrifice.—J. MII.Lee, 91 Norsh at, Bethnal Green rd.. London, E. IJU'edding presents or sport prizes; nothing more nee. VT ful than set oarvers,xylonite handles, hall-marked, silver terrulsain velvet-lined nue;7; poet free;honestly worth 12r. ed.—Hotting, New Inns, Handsworth, DELIGHTFUL and UNIQUE PRESENT.—Genuine North American Indian-made Birch Bark Canoe, with pinoushioo, post free, is.; money returned if not satisfled.—EAßVEY, 68 blilton EL, London. I Tmbrellas.—Ladies' solid silver crooks,tsffeta covers Fox's ribs,s/6; Gents' Congo, furze or palm crook; noseaed oollar,taffeta cover,s 6. Best value ever offered, British made throughLut, with beet fittings. Post paid. Randall's. 108, St. Donatt's rd.. Lewisham, Londons Handsome beautifully hand-carved Oriental Furniture for Sale, including MaSkive Led, bedroom, dining and drawing-room piecea, screena—Write X Box 8473 c/o Sharrow & Thatcher, 34. Hart at, London, WC BE INDEPISNDENT. MAKE MONEY ON YOUR OWN. DONT RELY ON OTHERS. Worked everywhere by either sex (any age). 2d. for partionlars.—LP.E. 061,0;1,3, Ormonde at., Liscard, Cheshire. keIOINING Money will show all adutla how toadd rapidly and materially to their Imams; without speculation, trickery, or interference with their OWII bugloss' or profession; no goods to buy or selL-Booklet free by return on receipt postcard with full name& address clearly writters,L.Esnate,l9-23, Oxford st., London. W ITIHE new patent rubber photo stamp, price 5o com plete with instructions ; produces thonsands of miniature copies of o croon; portrait; seed P.O. with _ ICI-DAG Stockings for Rough Lads, reduce your Crl ordinary T go , PrbdoWlfsTriliatcl will returned—E. e. mending, will re-foot ; for; years old Ix. 7 years Is 2d, 9 years Is *;1, II years la sd, 14 years Is 6 ; Ladies, 1.4 and Is 71d, all can.-pd ; try sample pair.— Rowsos, Webster'e Buildings, l'adiham, Lancashire.

HERE'S A CHANCE FOR YOU. NO MATTER WHO OR WHAT YOU ARE as long as I consider yoa satisfactory I WILL TRUST YOU WITH A LOAN FROM £5 to £5OO. No matter what other lenders charge or advertise, get my terms and yea will find them Milt lower. Learn my modern way of lending money without publicity. Easy weekly or monthly payments to suit you: convenience Apply at once to the Actual Lender MARK RUBIN, 3, ARPLEY STREET, (oft Sankey Street) Warrington, MISS WOODWARD, Manageress.

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. PRICES 2/2,2/4, 2/6 and 2/8 per lb. THE NATIONAL TEA CO 16, HORSENIAREET ST., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques given with the Tea may be exchanged any day for Household Good. Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent. HEAD ESTABLISHMENT : 50, and 151, Frtarget., Preston. R. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. ACTS LIKE A CHARM IN DIARRHCEA, COLIC, AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE STAND-BY IN ALL HOT CLIMATES. SEE that yon have a BOTTLE in the hole*, it may be needed when • SHOPS are closed. ASK FOR AND SEE THAT YOU GET DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, ins ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE Of all Chemists, la. lid., 2a. Scl. and 4a. Ed.

SeeTT'S STANLEY PALETOT9 14/11 • Blanket Cloths and Reversible Tweeds, IS r • _.;.. --1 - -., right in Shape, , • . Style, and Value. t, It Looks Well, n,* Fits Well, ti Wears Well. ' 1 , 1 Always bear in mind you 1. 3/6 ', in the pound by buying from SeOTT'S Costume House, 8 HORSEMARKET ST., (Part of the premises lately occupied by the Manchester Clothing Depot. WARRINGTON.

Furniture Carpets Decorations Gar- netts ,tstablished Manufacturers when George IV. was King WARRINGTON and LIVERPOOL (122 Bold Street).

HIGH-CLASS TAILORING AT POPULAR PRICES. TWO VERY SPECIAL LINES IN NEWEST SUITINGS. 421- AND SEE WINDOWS. H. S. PAGE AND CO., 74, SA.NKEY ST., (LEGH Sr. CORNER), WARRINGTON NOTICE OF REMOVAL.

As our offices at 49 Fleet Street, London. E.C., are shortly to be pulled down we have removed to 44 FLEET STREET. E.C.

FIRST FLOOR. (Entrance from the rear in Mitre Court where orders for advertisements will in future be received. JOHN WALKER Ec Co. Ltd., H. T. Crane, Representative Na. 5060 Central.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EA.IIE'S PILLS. GOT THE RIGHT THING ! 82, Naltotbroad, Bridgend, Glam. April 11th, 1910. Dear Sir,—Some years ago I suffered very badly from Rheumatic Gout, and I then tried many things, but got no relief. At last I was led to try your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, which soon proved I had GOT HOLD OF THE RIGHT THING, and I soon got mill. Whenever I feel an attack cominp on Igo to F.ade's and they ward it off. I think it only just to you that I should acknowledge their merit, and I may any I always recommend them and know THEY HAVE BEEN A BLESSING TO OTHERS. You may make any use you like of this testimonial. I remain, dear air, yours faithfully. FREDK. HIGGINS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS AM perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or vent post free for stamps or P.O.by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE,232, Goswell road, London. MADE'S GOUT Sz

FITS CURED AT HOME. Dreadful cases have been cured by t TNIENT. he "VARY") TREA" No case is too bad to yield to this valuable cure ; the fits generally cease from the first. No Bromide of Potassium used. Sufferers should apply for full particulars to JAS. Q. MILLS. M.P.S , Chemist. PLATT BRIDGE. WIGAN. Sample sent for 3 stamps.

EVERY HOUSEHOLD constantly requires a little inexpensive, safe, efficacious medicine for use b y one member or another of the family. Men and women, boys and girls, even of the healthiesi, occasionally need a reliable preparation to relieve and correct liver, stomach, and bowel disorders, or any of the numerous ailments arising from a deranged condition of some portion of the complex system of digestion. There is no better and more convenient remedy than Beecham's Pills which are carefully compounded from pure and skil- fully selected ingredients of vegetable origin and are suitable for young and old of either sex. Everyone NEEDS medicine in some form or other from time to time. It is not surprising that it should be so. Whether the cause of the trouble be due to unsuit• able diet or a run-down and enfeebled state of the digestive organs, a few doses of Beecham's Pills will soon restore healthy conditions, as they thoroughly eliminate unhealthy accumulations, gently stir the sluggish organs to normal activity, increase appetite, improve digestion and thereby exert a bracing effect upon the whole body. A trial is all that is necessary to convince anyone of the sterling value of BEEciliAm,s PILLS Sold everywhere in boxes. price 1:1 (58 pil Is)a, 2.9(188 pills).

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by MAUDE'S PILLS. FELT NOTHING SINCE l! 9, Miller Road, Collier's Wood, Marten. Sept. 11th, 1109. Dear Sir—l thank you for the gieat amount of good I have had since I first bad your excellent Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I went to two hospitals and they told me to have my foot taken off that it was a diseased bone. But I was recommended your pills, no got a bottle, and the first two I took, although I had gout very badly, enabled me to sleep well, the first time for seven years. That was thirteen months ago and I HAVE FELT NOTHING SINCE. Before that time I was continually at home with it, and it is nothing but your famous remedy, Being only a working-man they have been a good friend to me. Again in thanking I remain, your own advertisement, F. HATTER. EADEI3 GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, enders highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is. Id. and Is. 9d. or sect post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road,London. ustimArric PILL. s

WRINGING AND MANGLING MACHINES. , A , Reliable, Durable, & fully guaranteed. J. S. GARLAND, CASH PRICE 51753 & 55 BRIDGE St., Warrington. 39 6

- 1:1•XIM V/ it 1... Out DESTKOV. RATS & MICE DANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., Box im a umu tb..% La.. to se4 üsl, Cl••••1a tiNBAKING- ejPOWDER Note the Name! Note the LabelA

MERRYWEATHERS' HAND FIRE PUMP Sim the Somplasf , Belt, and M9st Reliable _ FIRE EXTINGUISHER. • I. Nothing to get out of order. 2. Nothing to corrode. I.__Noioi 3. Nothing to explode. 2540 out of the 4199 11? London tires were estin- -luished in one year by these vrinoso r -- Caine umps, 63, LONG ACRE, LC., LONDott. If You Value Your Complexion You Should Use 461EETHAVS. la This Dainty Toilet Preparati .te monad the efforts el Sun. Wind. and laid W•ini, and prevents Rousha-ts Redress. Irritsoon. Tan. etc Will keep your skin In • perfect condition all the year round. Res!ers the Skin Soft and White. and adds • charm el youth to th. ctsnpl.tion. Of all Chernistc and Stores. M. BEETHAM & SON, CHELTENHAM. Do your Eyes Trouble You? 11411; On things ever seem to grow misty and blurred ? This is a warning of Eyestrain - and you should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the troubk. BY our scientific tests we could toll you need (Bacon. and in that ease !wooly thole which would give the greatest Possible benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER 6 SONS Eresisht Specialists. 731 LORD STREET E-rttr. 1848. LIVERPOOL

• 4,4t/..f.S LI LYCZANDMANN

Furnishing Problem -Solved.-

HOW can I increase the pur- chasing power of every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture ? The solution of that problem will be found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic, sturdily-built furniture, our perfect manufacturing and se Img organisation enables us to quote prices that are much below those charged elsewhere for the same articles. No matter whether you

Furnish for Cash oz.orn Comnient Paument System

I your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth noting.

We allow 2/. In the 12 discount for Gash. Payments caa be arranged to suit i.,,taiters' convenience. No objectionable agreements to sign. Every Article manufactured soder nor own direct control and supervision. We pay carriage to all parte Goods delivered lit Private Vans. Every Furnishing Reirlsite supplied. Good Value and ...bed Customers account foe the phenomenal growth of our business. Guarantee. ,erZethenhpr'isci!Valtil; article that don not give absolute mtitf,tion. Pr Write or call for Catalogue 'WI
