===== 0002601_19111104_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
W. P. HARTLEY'S Candied Peel

===== 0002601_19111104_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
4'5 • t•• _ . • 4, 11,1, itup - In,l

No 1607 ONE PENNY

w ARRINGTON UNION.-TO PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.

. . The Guardians invite TENDERS for PAINTING at the Cottage Homee, Padgate. Speclfloation may be obtained on application to the undersigned and any further information required may be obtained from the Superintendent of the Homes. The Contractor whose Tender is accepted and with whom the contract is entered into will be required to pay his workmen the trade union wages current in the distsict. Sealed Tenders, endorsed "Tender for Painting," must reach me not later than 10 a.m. on Tuesday, 21s1 November, 1911. . . . .

, . The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. By Order, . ARTHUR BOTTOMLEV, Clerk.

Bewsey Chambers, Wuringtoa, 26th Oct, 1911

REAL WITNEY BLANKETS. SIIIIMER dried at the Mills. Boy from the PREMIER WITNEY BLANKET AND RUG FACTORS. Single bed sizes from Is. 9d. pair Double bed sizes from 10s. 64. pair. Full list of qmlities up to 455. per pair on receipt of postcard.— OFFICI AND WORK 6 : 62, CORN Sr., \Vit.DM 01n.

SATURDA.Y, NOVEMBER 4, 1911.

A great display of model Overcoats for Winter wear.

Our ideal of taste and style in Overcoats for the present Season will be seen in the fine show of models we are making this week The texture of the materials used, soft woven, full handling. yet light in weight, in charming colorings, principally in the new shades of Brown, the coats cut very wide in body and skirt with belted back, long broad lapels and cuffs turned up or strapped.

The Chesterfield Overcoat from £2 105. Pluvello Read. Rainproof Slipover from £2 2S.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
CH. DAWSON', Teacher of Music.—Schools • visited, spacial course for School Teachers, Elementary and Advanced, Si gilt Singing, Ear Training, Tomb Seib Solo Singing. Pupil. prepared for A.R.C.M. and L.R.A.31. to Pianoforte Playing.: Recent OCCISSIL

eIOUNCILLOR HENRY ROBERTS begs most sincerely to THANK THE ELECTORS of WHITECROSS WARD for the emphatic renewal of their confidence on Wednesday last, and desires to acknowledge his grateful obligation to the Officers and members of his Election Committee ; to the Ladies who so kindly assisted him, and to those Friends who lent their cars and carriages.

wARRI NG 1' 0 N CHURCH SOCIETY, LECTURE

IN ST. CLEMENT'S MISSION, LOWER BANK ST., OFF MERSEY ST., AT 8 P.M, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER lOvit. THE REV. PREBENDARY WAKEFORD, Vicar of Bt. Margaret's, Aolleld, Liverpool. MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE."

APUBLIC DEBATE ON WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE between MISS FRANCIS STERLING of the "National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies" and MISS CORDELIA MOTE, of the" National League for Opposing Woman Suffrage "I

WILL HE HELD IN THE WYCLIFFE MEMORIAL HALL ON TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7TH, AT 8 F.M. Chairman : ALDERMAN PIERPOINT. Reserwl Sesta, le., sod 6d. ADMISSION FREE.

W ARRINGTON E.T. CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY, LIMITED.

MEMBERS' AT HOME AT THE EMPIRE SKATING RINK, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER I.6rft. CONCERT, DANCING, REFRESHMENTS.

Tickets (inclusive) la. each, must be obtained not later than Monday. November 13th. On sale at the Offices, Cairo Street.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LAS r OF A SERIES OF

----- ILLUSTRATED LECTURES SILL DI: DELI% ERED DY

===== 0002601_19111104_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ALDRIDGE

MR. HENRY IL

(Secretary3;t:iZir IlOolini—d: 1:;;;;Pi;;Ing Council)

"TOWN PLANNING IN PRACTICE."

IN THE PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. ON TUESDAY NEXT. 7TH NOVEMBER, lOU,

AT EIGHT P.M. ADMISSION TO LECTURE FREE. . . . .

All Interested 111 the develop:neat of the Borough and the surrounding district are cordially invited.

WARRINGTON PHILOMATHIC SOCIETY.

MISS ELLEN TERRY WILL GIVE I SHAKESPEARIAN RECITAL

===== 0002601_19111104_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
IN TUE

PARR HALL ON THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9TH,

SOME OF THE HEROINES OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS VVITH ILLUSTRATIVE AWING. Chair to be Taken L 8 O'clock p.m, by tLe PRESIDENT : JAMES BALL, Esq.

PRICE OF SEATS :—Body of Hall, Front Seats (reserved) 50, Second seals 2s. Ed., Back of Hall (unreserved) 6d. ; Centre Gallery (reserved) 3s. Ed. Side Gallery (reserved) 25., Promenade (reserved) Is. Ed. Back Gallery (unreserved) Is. Plan to re opened at MR. R. H. PEARSON'S, BRIDGE ST., on Saturday, October 28th, at 10 o'clock a.m.

~, ...,.....—.—. No Letters, Telegrams, or Telephonic Communications will receive attention until the Personal Applications have been dealt with.

Doors Open at 7.M p.m,

Clrriages at 9.45 p.m.

HON Smarr/air : SAMUEL E. BARLOW, "The Folly," Warrington.

LIVERPOOL WINTER ABBIZEB,I OCTOBER, 1911. The Commissions for holding these Assizes will be Opened at Liverpool on Tuesday, the list October. The Court will sit on Wednesday, the Ist November, at 11 o'clock a.m., and on every other day during the Assizes:at 1034) o'clock cm., unless otherwise directed. BAIL CASES will be taken at these Assizes. The Prosecutors and Witnesses in the after-mentioned cases are required to be in attendance at the times specified in the following List, end not earlier; and on all subsequent days, at the sitting of the Court; and the trials are to proceed in the order in which the cases ere arranged in the List, unless the Court shall other- wise direct, viz. :- 10n WEDNESDAY, the Ist.November at 11 o'clock am.

The King versus Archibald James Kay, manslaughter; Tom Scriven, manslaughter ; Jesse Maycotte, incest ; William Thomas Walsh, burglary; John Bernard Dunn, forgery ; Annie Houghton, abortion ; Matthew Farrell, attempted murder ; Thomas Conroy, abduction ; William Gerrard, larceny; Matthew Doyle and another, arson ; Edward Cross, forgery ; Charles Ernest Goad, embezzlement ; Jane Baler Rimroer, abortion; Thomas Clarke, burglary : William Anders, murder; Michael Fagan, murder ; William Ward Whiteeide,manslaughter; George Burns, wounding ; James Denton, larceny ; Charles Russell, larceny; Thomas Richard Blamer, lareeny ; William John Cowley, incest; John Herbert Fewster and another, larceny; Francis Sullivan, criminal assault; James Murray. manslaughter; William Henry Curtis, wounding ; John Whittle, shooting with intent

—.— On THURSDAY, the 2nd November, at 10.30 a.m. The King versos Michael Pilkington, manslaughter ; Peter McMinn and others, riot; John Barker and others, riot; Joseph Fletcher, murder;

Aud Othe,

All Indictments settled by Counsel must be forwarded to me Engrossed aad Abstracted. The foregoing Regulations will be strictly enforced, and persons making default in the observance of them will be liable to have their casts disallowed. HERBERT STEPHEN, Clerk of Assize. Office of Clerk of Assize, Preston, 26th October, 1911. All Depositions in cases for trial. together with Recognisance' and Inquisitions, must be forwarded IMMEDIATELY to me at Braaten, otberwke the cost of them may be disallowed.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
HENRY WAINWRIGHT,

7, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL. Large up-to-date Stock of JEWELLERY, SILVER and -ELECTRO-PLATE suitable for WEDDING PRESENTS. ENGAGEMENT RINGS A SPECIALITY. REGISTERED 22cT. GOLD WEDDING RINGS

---• •;;;;,;- ESTABLISHRD 1795.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
net

IT PUTT 1 Is.7ld.per Quarter es 6d.per Amours Is. lild.perQuarter credit.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTHRACITE STOVES.

These Stoves burn all day without attention and are invaluable for Private or Public Rooms. THE BEST AND RIOST ARTISTIC STOVES, on Show at

===== 0002601_19111104_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
pENDLEBuRy,s HOUSE FURNISHERS

Near CENTRAL STATION. TEL. 43.

Write for descriptive Booklet. Anthracite washed Nuts kept in stock

===== 0002601_19111104_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.

CONTESTS IN THREE WARDS AT WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
NO CHANGES AND

As a result of the municipal elections the constitution of the Warrington Town Council remains unchanged. The two leading political parties did not challenge the return of any retiring councillor and consequently there were only three contests on Wednesday. at the instance of Independent. Socialist and Labour nominees respectively. Whitecress, Sr. John's and Orford were the wards selected for hostilities, and in each case the expected happened, the retiring repre- sentative having no difficulty in retaining his positron. The most striking fe,ture of the day was Councillor Henry Roberts' record majority cf 603 over Mr. Samuel Gough in Whitecross Ward. Speaking generally, the municipal elections of 1911 will be remembered as the least interestirg that have taken place for many years. There was hardly any approach to excitement, the results being regarded as a foregone conclusion, and the display of mural literature was somewhat meagre. Fortunately for the workers engaged in bringing voters to the poll, November Ist belied its :traditions and for the greater part of the day the weather conditions gave no cause for com- plaint. With the exception of Whitecroes Ward, visits to the scenes of the poll in the earlier part of the day disclosed comparativey little activity in the neighbourhood cf the booths, but in the evening matters took on a brisker aspect and there was a r ush of voters just before the closing of the poll.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITECROSS-WARD.

Councillor If. ROBERTS, with twenty-one yearn' service in the Council to his credit, was opposed by Mr. S. Gough 'who has long been conspicuous In agitations with reference to town's affairs. Both candidates fought on Independent lines, but Mr. Roberts had a particularly representative platform and a strong ward cunmittee which left no stone unturned to ensure a decisive victory. Mr. Gough did not hold any public meetings, but Mr. Roberts had a very i large and successful gathering on Monday even- ing n St. Barnabas' school. On election day many motor cars were placed at Mr. Roberts' disposal and all day long they were speeding hither and thither conveying electors to the tell. Hundreds of children assembled near the entrance of the b ,oth, wearing Mr. Roberts' favours and cheering every vehicle that appeared on the scene. Mr. Gough appeared to have few workers and fewer, if any, vehicles. In his election literature he made a great point of the living wage question and also expressed himself against increases cf salary to highly paid officials. The electors were asked to r' Vote for Gough and true economy. Then you will have a chance of getting gas, water, and electric light and rower cheaper." Mr. Itnberts also expressed himself a thorough-going supporter of a living wage for workingmen. In a final appeal to the electors, hie committee stated . "No effort should be spared to secure such a majority as will suitably express the opinion of the burgesses in the oppnitlon offered to Mr. Roberts, and on the waste of ratepayers' money which this futile contest has caused. Our candidate is a man of ability and integrity, closely associated with us, and has for many years rendered invaluable services to the town. It is impoitant in the public interest that every elector who believes in the decencies of public life and in honest and capable municipal administration should not fail to record his vote on this occasion for Mr. Henry Roberts." ST. JOHN'S WARD.

The Conservatives were called upon to defend their position in St. John's Ward, Councillor Fred Lashford having a Socialist opponent in the person of Mr. James liempson. Each candidate had appealed to the voters through the medium of public meetirgt, but the general attitude appeared to be one of apathy. However, more interest was manifested on election day aid over 940 votes were recorded. Mr. Lashford had the advantage in the matter of vehicles. A circular issued on behalf of Mr. Lashford stated : " Remember that Socialism and Atheism, which mean the same thing, have done more harm to the workers during the last century than any other agitation ever introduced." The voters were further called upon to" Remember that Socialism means the abolition of religious teaching from your schools." Mr. Lashford also told Lis tonstituenta that be was "the first to propose that an increase be given to the poorer paid workers of the Corporation, and to protest against the raising of the salaries of the alteady well-paid officials." Mr. Hampson, in his address, stated that he would place the health and comfort of the people before pirate profit. He characterized us an outrage the action of the Education Committee in not putting the Act for the feeding of school children into operation because the hungry children were few in number. Mr. Hampson pr mined to advocate an eight hours' work- ing day and a minimum standard rate of sixpence per hour for all Corporation workmen. The cover of his election address was embellished with the declaration:

" The idle tramp and the idle Peer a,e th parasites on industry. The former is sometimes a ratisance, the latter is always s curse." Socialism, it was added, would rovido useful work for al.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORD WARD.

Councillor J.Halliwell. the popular Liberal repre- sentative of this ward, was opposed by Mr. George F. Robson, the nominee of the Trades and Labour Council. The Liberal ward committee worked most vigorously on Mr. Barnwell's behalf but the contest was conducted with great friendliness and gcoi feel- ing on b:th sides. Mr. Barnwell had allowable regard for the intereets of the wgkers hv inducing the Town Council to accept a resolution fixing

===== 0002601_19111104_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
BIG MAJORITIES.

minimum wage of 21s. per week for all able-bcdied employes of the Corporation. This action has commended itself to the ward, which is almost entirely workingolass in its population, and Mr. Halliwell's advocacy of improved tram services for the ward and the abolition of the water rate in respect of baths was welcomed as further evidence of his solicitude for his constituents. Mr. Robson expressed himself in favour of an extension of municipal enterprise. The municipal control of our coal supply alor.e, he said, would mean a direct saving to every householder. He also called attention to the Medical Officer of Health's statement that a large quantity of milk which contained the germs of consumption Was being distributed daily in the town. With this terrible danger in our midst, said Mr. Robson, it rests with the Corporation to establish infant milk depots in order to provide those infants who, for some reason or other, are deprived of the natural food, with pure milk. At a public meeting on Moaday evening Mr. Robson had the support of Mr. J. A. Seleon, ex-11.P. for the Newton di vision.

rfiE RESULTS.

SOCIALIST CANDIDATE'S BITTER OUTBURST.

At eight o'clock the polling booths were closed and the ballot boxes promptly conveyed to the Town Hall. The counting took place in the Council Chamber in the presence of the Mayor and the returning officers for the several wards, viz. : Alderman John Evans (Whitecrcss), Alderman D. Tinnion (St. John's), Alder- W. J. Forshaw (Ortird). Alderman Pierpoint was also present, but by his disqualification as a hurgess, which took effect on November Ist, be was precluded from acting as returning officer for Whitecross Ward, the duties being undertiken by Alderman John Evans. At 8 45 the returning officers announced the results as follows :

===== 0002601_19111104_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WIIITECROSS WARD.

Mr. Hemy Roberts (I.) Bl5 Mr. Samuel Gough (I.) 212 _— Majority 603 Total electorate, 1559. ST. JOHNS WARD. Mr. Fred T. Lashford (C.)

Mr. James Hampson (a) Majority 157 Total electorate 16S. ORFORD WARD. 550 . 231

Mr. James flalliwell (L.) .... Mr. G. F. Robson (Labour).

Maj ,rity Total electorate 1,414

Councillor Ilcvny Ronrarts proposed a vote of thanks to the returning officer for Whitecross Ward, g to the Mayor as chief magistrate responsible for the conduct of the elections, to the Town Clerk and all the officials for their services. He did not think that was the time to say anything with regard to the election itself, but be desired to thank very heartily and sincerely all those who had h en responsible for the conduct fit. Mr. S. Gon.it seconded. lie said the officials had dealt very fairly and amicably with the candidates and with the electors of the ward. Alderman Join: E% see briefly returned thanks and said the good management of the election was entirely in the hands of the officials. Councillor LASIII,III. proposed a vote of thanks to Alderman Tinnion and the officials who bad had charge of the arrangements in St. John's Ward. He said there had not been a single hitch or cause for complaint. Mr. J. If tursoN, in seconding, bad nothing compli- mentary to say. "It is so amusing after all" he remarked "hot at the same time everyone of us personally can take heart because the British Empire remains intact. (Laughter.; There has been the usual amount of piffle and I say deliberately that any man who identifies himself with the stuff that has been spread through the ward by my opponent is either an ignoramus or a hypocrite.', Alderman TINNInN said his duty had only been a light and pleasant one. Ths feeling he found in the ward amongst the candidates and all the workers was of a very friendly and happy desciiption. Everything appeared to be satisfactory and both candidates and their agents assured him that there had been no friction or trouble of any kind. Councillor fl turwr.i.r. proposed a vote of thanks to Alderman Forshaw and the officials for the kind and courteous manner in which they had handled the election. He ale, congratulated his opponent on his gallant fight. Mr. R5lllOVg snouded. He said that although that wes the first time he had gone to the poll, he hoped it would not be the last. Perhaps in the future he. At the successful candidate, might have to congratu)ate his friend Mr. Halliwell on the splendid fight be had 1 . put up against him. (Applause). Aldermsn FOR?likW said be visited the ward several : times and found Councillor Hall well and Mr. Robson t very good friends. He hoped those happy telations t would continue. (Hear, hear). . The results were then declared from tie Town Hall , steps. A fairly large crowd had assembled on the lawn, and the figures were greeted with cheers. There was 110 speech makioE

From Reynolds Newspaper.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
MR H. ROBERTS CANDIDATURE.

Reply to Mr. Gough's Circular.

A well-attended meeting in support of the candidature of Councillor 11. Roberts, the retiring conncillor for the Whitacre's Ward, was held in St. Barnabas' schoolroom 03 Mondry evening. Alderman James Evans occupied the chair and there were also present on the platform Councillors H Roberts, Birtles and Hawthorn Messrs J Ssethuist and P Peacock, and Captain d R Croalleld. The CH LIAM AN said that he had never known in all his experience of the Ca oacil a more unnecessary election than that which had been forced upon them in Whitecross Ward. It was the duty and the business of everybody to make the town and place in which they lived" second to none," and be oelieved that it was the aspiration of every member of their Council to make that town as beautiful and as comparable as any in Lancashire. .

Councillor HAWTHORN moved the following resolu- tion : That thin meeting desires t thank Cnuncillor Roberts for his services during th 3 past two years ant pledges itself to use every legitimate effort to secure his election on Wednesday next by a large mnjoritv." They could call this a con- test in which energy bad been unneoessarly used. There had been a great deal of personal enmity and claptrap introduced by Councillor Roberts opponent. He (the speaker) could say that there was really no comparison between the two contestants.Tbe work done by Cancilior Roberta on the Education Committee was sufficient to merit his return to the Council. He hoped that every man who was a Llberal and who had confidence in Councillor Roberts, would assure his return by record- . .

iog all votes in his favour. (Applause). Mr. THOMAS Deus econded the resolution, which was supported by Mr. J. H. SMETHURST and Councillor BIRTLES.

Mr. J. H. SMETHURST said that Councillor Roberts was deserving of their support if only for the honesty of purpose with which he had served them in previous years. He thcught they should have the best men representing them on the Council, and he firmly believed that the time was rapidly approaching when the question of principle would be put before yolitics, as he believed that all should work t3r the interests of the town and not for any particular body. Councillor Itoekturs said that he had always tried to . . . . . . .

the beet of his knowledge to serve the interests of the town generally, during a period extending over 21 years as a member of the Council. As long as it was their desire that he should do what lay in his power to give them the advantage of any knowledge or experience he possessed, subject to the limitations of physical strength, it was his earnest and honest desire to continue in service for his native town. He thought he bad a right to ask why he was being opposed at that election. His opponent had issued a pamphlet in which he stated that it was not his intention to address publio meetings in that ward. He (the speaker) only wished he had favoured the ward with a sample of his porsonalitlei,and what he would any on municiral matters, so that people could see and hear for themselves. Mr. Dough in his circular stated that be (Councillor Roberts) walked out of the Council Clamber and did not support the resolu- tion of Councillor Haßiwa, which was to bring about a living wage for Corporation workmen. Such astute- meat wan a falsehood. He was compelled to leave the Council through an extremely important and private engagement, but if it had been possible for him to have remained at the Council meeting he would not have hesitated to support the resolution. Another statement in Mr. Dough's circular was that the recent purchase of the land is Lovely-laie was ultra tires. That meant contrary to law, but he (the speaker) could tell them that whether it was' ultra vices" or not theConncil had obtained the land and what was more, they had paid for it through the nose as they know they would have to pay for it through the nose. He would do all in his power, if he was returned to the Council, to press upon the Corporation to make such use of the remainder of the ground as would not only provide a playground for the children but a place of recreation where those in the eventide of their lives could go and spend a pleasant evening. With regard to the tenders of the Council for a Duplicate Pumping Engine for Delph-lane Water- works for which Mr. Gough bad stated that was only one firm had got patterns, the speaker asid that he was ins porition to state that there were from PO to 100 firms who were makers of that particular encine, while as to the fact of their being able to save £5OO a year by the use of electric power from the generatin: station to work the engine, the whole cost yearly of the engine and fuel only amounted to £516. The fore- sight of the Council in regard to the water supply had justified itself during the past few weeks. Whereas other towns had been forced to cut the supply short and stop night work, Warrington had not suffered in the least. He thought the Csmacil were entitled to credit, having taken time by the forelock, and had even been able to , produce a profit. Mr Gough asserted that the total indebte loess of the town was £1,500,000, and said that such • position of affairs with a private company would lead to bankruptcy. As a matter of fact, the capi.al out- lay was £1,2,33,000, or £236,000 less than £1,500,000. He supposed that a mere quarter of a million mattered little to nuenciers of Mr Gongh's standing. (Laughter.) But the assets of the town were £1,855,000 giving a surplus of assets of £571,000. Thera was no town in England whose Saar :All position was much stronger, and scores had an inferior position. Financially Warrington's position was extremely sound and satis- factory. Dealing with the question of the feeding of the necessitous school children, he said that he would promise that if the Education Cymmittee were prevented by the Board of Education regulations from seeing that the Act was pat into operation, the winter would not pass without a strong volantsry effort being made to provide the funds and save the town from being disgraced by the knowledge that any child wen going to school in an unfit state throngh want of the roce.rez t.??d, ide,s compelled them to shoulder the respoustbniti. that in estalt OR: the parent could not undertake for the nke of the ohne. He was anxious that a body of representatives of manu- facturers, workpeople and teachers of the town should be formed at the earliest opportunity to deal with this important question, so that there would be prospects of I better t•lture for the children. (Applause.)

TO Grey te THE NEW NORTH—By the com- pletion by the Canadian Northern Railway of a spur of KO miles of line connecting Edmonton with.l Athahaace Landing on the Athabasca River, a farther important step has been taken in opening up the great region of the McKenzie basin to trade and commerce The line will be in operation early in November. From the Landing communication by steamer can be main- tained to the mouth of the McKenzie River, 2,000 miles distant to the north, one interruption only to navigation, by rapids, occurring above Fort McMurray. From the Landing also a service of steamers will be available for convex ing settlers and their effects to the western end of the Lesser Slave Lake, from which xriat the fertile Peace River country is only 40 mike distant, and where also the last great area of free land in Canada is situated. The construction of this rail- way comes at an opportune time, for the North-West Mounted Police report the existence of much suffering due to the shortage of food, among the large both of pioneers who have teen pressing into the Peace River Country.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
Examm

INDEPENDENT METHODISTS -

Mrs. John Crosfield op2ns New Sunday School.

SPEECH BY MR. A. H. CROSFIELD.

Saturday was a day of rejoicing at Fri.,' Green Independent Sfethodist Chu-ci, for it witnessed the opening of the n,e/e Sunday school, the provision of which is necessitated by tile ever-expanding uork of the inrituti in. The ceremony _was performed by

Mrs. John Crosfield, of Colwyn Bay, in the presence of a large and represeutatite gathering. The new school, which occupies a site on the north eide of the chapel, has been di signed with a view ultimately to forming part of a comprehensive scheme for replacing the existing church hall with a new pet of buildings, of which the school will form a wing. Admirably adapted for its purpose front every point of view, the school is 43ft by 42k in dimensions, the main entrance being m Cairo-street, through a glass vestibule. The floor is of wood blocks, hid on a good concrete foundation. A rJstram and reading desk have been erected against the west wall. The work has been admirably carried cut by Messrs. JJseph Dolan and Sons, builders, Warrington, to the designs of Mr. S. P. Silcock, F.R.1.8.A. . . . .

Amongst those present at Saturday's interesting proceedings were : The Mel or and Mayoress (Conn- . _ . _ _

;illor Dr. and MiSFI Joseph),Mrs. John C'oneld, Mr. A. H. Crosfield, Alderman and Mrs. Forahaw, Al leg- man Bennett, Alderman Jan.es Evans. Councillor and Mrs. Benin°. Couccillor Henshall, Mr. and Mrs. S. P.

Silc -ck. The congregation flint assembled in the chapel and joined in singing the hymn All people that on earth do dwell." Prayer wan offered by Councillor Itenehell. A move having been made to the entrance of the new school, Mr. S P BILCOCK, the architect, ssid he hei been sated by the I riendo to present Mrs Croslield with a gold key as a memento of the ceremony. He was sure that if they bed looked the whole of tVvrington over.

thry could not have selected a more kind and generom lady to open the school. (Applause,) It was four months since the foundation stones were tail and that afternoon's ceremony was a most suitable ant appropriate finish to the undertaking. The erection of the tuilding had not hero accomplished without a greet amount of thought. He bad erected a considerable number of buildings in his time but he had seldom had to deal with a piece of land like that which the new school stord upon. None of its bides were equal . . .

and tone of its aiagles were right angles. (Laughter.) Mr Si!cock concluded hy thanking the Building Com- mittee for their support. He had also been well backgl up by the builder,Sir Dolan, who had done his work in a creditable and workmanlike manner. (Applause.) Mrs. CROSFIELD briefly returned thanks for the key which she said could always remind her of that pleas- ing and interesting ocoasion. She declared the school open in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Mrs. Crosfleld having openei the door, a meet log was held in the new building, piceided over by Alderman James Evans. Mrs. CROSFI 6LD said it had given her great pleasure to come there to help all those throngs whoae salt- denying efforts that beautiful Sunday school had been built. She had often heard of Friars' Green, but that was the first occasion she had been inside the chapel. A few weeks ago, when their good friend Alderman Evans came over to see her, she was very much interested in what he told her about that wonderful man Peter Phillips—(applause)—who a hundred years ago used to walk miles and miles in all kinds of weather, over rough moors and over Chatmoss to officiate at numerous little chapels in the dstrict. His seal and earnest faith must have inspired and animated the congreation to build that new school. They were not a wealthy body and they must have had to face rather large financial difficulties. She was sure the additional accommodation would enable the . . . . .

lent work done there to be arestly inoreased. She hoped God's blessing would rest not only on the te chess but on the young who would be taught in that school, so that they would grow into goad and useful members of the community and that their lives might be an influence for good to those around them. (Applause.) She liked children when they grew up to be able to look back upon the hours spent in the Sunday school as I amongst the happiest in their lives. She hoped that Ischool would be an instrument for doing a great work in the neighbourhood. (Applause). Miss HUGHES sang "Jesu, lover of my soul " very feelingly. The MAYOR said the ceremony load been most pleasingly and gracefully performed by a gracious lady —(applause)—and he would remember the event for the rest of his days. Extraordinery energy, industry and ability mast have bee. shown in the collection of the funds for the school. It was rather a pity that it should be necessary to ask for money for religious purposes. It seemed to him somewhat of paradox that in order to assist in the worship of God and the promotion of religion, it should be no difficult to raise funds, but still the fact remained. In many respects worldly objects appealed much more to the human mind and people would give mote readily to such schemes than to religious work. That seemed wrong, but le was not going to indulge in any diatribe or scathing remarks about it. He hoped the outcome of the new school would be the furtherance of the cause of religion and that the scholars who were brought op within its walls would become a credit to the efforts of the present generation. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN said that the day's proceedings would hive been even more gladdening to the hearts of the old picrnsers of the cause than they were to the present workers. The movement had small beginnings but now they had the support of the Mayor. That dad not happea in days gone by. The MAYOR: There were no Mayors then. (Laughter). . . . .

The CHIIRNIAN said their forefathers had to work in

the fin of strong op-pOSii:i;;Tnatea..l7f—rec-e-iv-in—g Patronage. The preset workers at the church regarded it as a great honour to be favoured with the presence of the Mayor, whose interest in the stone-laying ceremony was also mist helpful. (Applansa). Mr. A. H. Crtosvtato, who had • very cordial wel- come, said that as he listened to Mrs. Croat%ld he could . . .

not help thinking that the euip-oit-Ze-ke-glii;e-n-t-o-t-he undertaking and what she had to any about it'reflected the same spirit which doting a lung life animated his late father—(applause)—in his encouragement of not a few undertakings of that kind in Warrington. He was certain nothing gave Mrs. Croonsld deeper oatisfaction than the feeling that she was continuing those same good influences and useful efforts which his father pursued in his public activities. (Applause.) He (the speaker) was very glad to follow in the footsteps of the Mayor—in almost everything. (Laughter.) He could think of few exceptions—(laughter)—there were a few, of course, because his Worship, one of the best and fastest friends he (Mr. Crostleld)had in Warrington. was a mon of many partr.They all knew how many-sided were his abilities end activities—(hear, bear)—and the energy and industry which he applied to his public work. "I hope " added Mr. Crosfteld " I shall not be out of order if I avail myself of the first opportunity of expressing on ray. own account what everybody, of every party, is feeling—the great satisfaction we have in knowing that his Worship has undertaken a second year of office. (Applause). But even a man of parts like the Mayor has told us he feels at a lost to say something on an occasion of this kind. After all he is only in the same boat as Lord Rosebery,who when open- ing a library the other day, said it was impossible to say anything that was fruitful or fresh on that ques- tion. I believe Lord lioembery thought he had struck a new vein on that occasion, but it turned out after- wards that he was only digging away at the old seam. (Laughter). For my part, all I can say is that Ido hope this new hunday school will be of great benefit in this port of the town. I should also like to take the opportunity of sincerely congratulating Mr. Silcock and those who hive worked with him on the really beautiful results we see here, because this is a building to be proud of." (Applause.) The CHLIRMAN said he could heartily endorse what Mr. A. H. Crosfield had said as to the way in which their work would have commended itsalf to the late Mr John Crortitshi. He was a man who always said what he meant, but he had a very kindly heart. The interest which Mrs Crosaeld owl the Mayor had taken in the new school had been recognized by the insmir ion of their names on a brass tablet. (Applause). I A recitation "Our nest Sunday echool " was very ^reditibly given ky Orrie Lit.levroad, Coancillor lliCslietd., In proposing a vote of thank., to Mrs. Crosaeld, the Mayor eni Mayoress and Mr. A. I Croafteld, said the name of Croaftli was weldknown Is conaection with every aspect of the social, civic and religious life of Warrington. It was only the other day that Mr. Arthur Croofteld WM Speaking of his (taker ancestry. They stood on common ground in that respect, for historically that denomination was known as the " Quaker Methodists," and they defined them- selves to-day as Methodists in doctrine, Congrega- tionalists in government, and O takers in ministry. (Applause.) Toe late Mr. Jobs Ccostleld not only founded. but for many years maintained the Working- men's Mission at Bank Qoay, which was probably not behind any of the Free Churches to-day in the earnest- ness assiduity and persistency of its work—a constant wall of light and healing in that neighbourhood. (Applause.) The people of VParrington owed it largely to the generosity of a Crosfield that they were able to acquire Bank Perk, where young and old alike could for a time forget the somewhat depressing surroundings of daily life in a smoke-girt town and rejoice that " Earth is crammed with heaven and every common bush aflame with God.' The erection of the new school on that site, conchs ied Councillor Henahall, had only been made possible by the kindly considerate- ness and delicate generosity of the Mayor. (Applause.) Aldermen Fo R`HAA, seconded. They all hoped end earnestly prayed that the work of the teachers in that school would receive the blessing of God. The name of Crosaeld, he continued, would ever be remembered In Warrington for the noble and charitable acts with wnich it had been associated. (Appian. The Mayo:

HOUSE FURNISHING.

and Mayorem has attended every pubiic function in the town during their term of o,tice—in fact they had been so indefatigable that he (the speaker) as deputy had bad nothing to do. (Laughter and applause.) The CHAIRMAN announced that since the foundation stone-laying oeremony the amount raised for the school had been £215 Is 10d, which incluied .Cli3 17s from the teachers and scholars. (Applause.) After the opening ceremony tea was reeved.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENING MEETING.

In the evening Mr. Councillor it. Henshall presided over a well-atteuded meeting, and after prayer by Mr. A. Moundsld, the CHAIRMAN announced that several gifts and presentations were to be made and acknow- ledged. These c insisted of two brass tablets, one marking the resting place of Peter Phillips and another recording the names of those who had hid memorial stones, both tablets being the gift of Mr. and Mrs. E. Hough. The gifts of a reading desk, clock and photo- graphs were also made and ackaow iedged on behalf of the Church.

Mr. Alderman BENNETT gave an interesting address, In which he dwelt upon the historic interest of Friar's Green Cr:repel. Giving the first pla:e to the Parish Church sad the senond to Cairo-street Chapel he unreservedly give the third plale to Friar's-green. His interest had been first awake lei by Mr. A. Monnfleld and since then he had form I the deepest interest in s, study of the works of I. wenzo Doe and of the many worthy and devoted men and women who had laboured t Friars' Green. . .

--- Aldermen J 4.11 r, EVANS descrit ed his early acquaintance with Friars Green Chapel in the days when toe old chapel was standing. The great object of iaterest to him was the orchestra that led the singing. The flute player in those distant days was the late Mr. Joseph Mounfield and they had violins and ..a bass violin to swell the chorus of praise..

Mr. ARTHUR MOUNFIELD whom the Chairman intraduced as the grandson of the flute player, devoted his address to an account of the first Fri are Green Cnapel built in 18)2 and its historical associations. In des3ribing the graveyard he suggested the t another tablet should be placed in the new building recording the names of those who rested beneath it. Among the graves on the St. Austine-lane side was that of Anna Letitia Daw the only caild of Larenzo Daw. In a deszription of the old chapel the speaker mentioned the ancient stone horse.mount in St. A113t119.111118 as the open-air pulpit of the early preachers, and at a later stage of the meeting Mr. Alderman Evans stated that it was hoped that some day the Code would be placed in the chapel garden and preserved as a retie. At the clone the speakers and chairman were heartily thanked for their addresses. The collections for the day brought the amount realized opts £2lO.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A DEADLY PARALLEL

CHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB tz...---•ww-N..—w-N.,---•.—.:...:

DO HENS TALK ?

Grandma, do you s'pose hens can talk? ' asked Alice. "Old Speckle talked to me the other day," said grandmother. "I mean she made me understand what she wanted." "Why, grandma! How did she do it r And Alice's eyes grew big and round. "It was when Mr. Gray was making the new fence. I heard a noise at the kitchen door, and when I opened it there was Speckle, bristling her feathers and cackling away at a great rate. She turned at once and went round the house as though she knew I would follow." "Oh, grandma!". interrupted Alice, "Did you ?" "Of course," said her grandmother. "She went as fast as her hen legs could carry her down to the fence, and when I got there I found two of her little chickens had fallen into a post-hole while Mr. Gray had gone to his dinner."

"Wasn't it nice that you found them?' said Alice, with a sigh of satisfaction. "I do b'lieve hens can talk, if they can make people understand them so well."

"There's the rooster coming into the yard," said grandmother. "He looks as though he has something on his mind. Let's watch him and see if he says how-dy- do."

It certainly looked like it. The old fellow stalked up to the hens, who stood very still and seemed to be listening with great atten- tion. In a minute he turned round and went out into the lane, both hens following him. "Oh, Grandma," said Alice. "he did say something, I know he did! I'm going to see if I can find out what he told them."

"I'll go too," said grandmother, as she put down the peas. Alice ran ahead. "Come quick ! Come quick ! " she called, as she looked into the field on the other side of the lane. "They're having a party? ' Sure enough, they were having a feast of worms. It was plain to be seen that the rooster had found a quantity of them where the ground had been freshly plowed, and had told the hens about it.l

THE POPPY LAND EXPRESS. The first train leaves at 6 P.M. For the land where the poppy blows, The mother dear is the engineer, And the passenger laughs and crows. The place-car is the mother's sties; The whistle a low, sweet strain. The passenger winks, and nods, and Llids. And goes to sleep on the train. At 8 P.M. the neat train starts For the poppy land afar. The summons clear falls on the ear, "All aboard for the sleeping-car !" But "What is the fare to poppy land? I hope it is not too ' dear The fare is this - a hog and a kiss. And it's paid to the engineer. So I ask of Him who children took On his knee in kindness great; "Take charge, I pray, of the trains each day That leave at 6 and S. Keep watch of the passengers," thus I pray, " For to me they are very dear; And special ward, 0 gracious Lord, O'er the gentle engineer."

-EIXAR W. ADD 7T THIS WEEK'S STORY.

"Now, Nora," said the departing physician to the Irish girl, who was nursing a bad case of fever, "if the patient sees snakes again, give him a dose of this medicine. I will be in at six."

The hour for his return arrived. The physician once more visited the sick patient, and found him raving. He had been so, said the nurse, for hours. "And did you give him the medicine?" inquired the puzzled doctor. Nora shook her head.

"But didn't I tell you to give it to him if be saw snakes again?" demanded the physician. "But he didn't say he saw snakes this toime, doctor," replied the nurse, confidently. "He said he saw red white-and-blue turkeys wid straw hats on!"

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the number of Commercial Failures published In Great Britain and Ireland during four weeks ending Saturday, October 20th, was 697. The number in the corresponding four weeks of last year wen also 697, showing no alteration, being a net decrease in 1911, to date, of 613.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Chamberlain's 1. Sharp Turn."

The " deadly parallel " has in is time made sorry work of any claim to consistency on the port of Tariff Reformers, but we do not remember one much more crushing than that furnished us by a correspondent on the publication of the biography of the Duke of Devonshire : Mr Chamberlain at Welke& Mr Chanibolain to the August 4, 1994. Duke of Deroushi re, Seutember 21, 1903. - . . . .

I want to extend to You seem io hava agriculture the same accepted Balfour's whole advantages that the paper, which lesd3 to Government promise to retaliation and therefore manufacturers. I want, in incidentally, to the Protec- order to equalise the corn- tion of which you are no petition—ur at all events to much afraid. But you make it more nearly equal refuse to look at my between the foreigner and proposals for Preference ourselves—l want to which are put forward put a moderate duty on the solely with the ohject of chief prodncts of agricul- ensuring Imperial Unity, tore as well as on the chief and which under no possible products of manufacture. circumstances would lead The watchword for the to any substantial,or indeed new policy which I recom- perceptible protec.ion for a mend for your acceptance. Home industry. It is the watchword in the agri- ridiculous to sit mese that cultural districts, is this : two shillings a (palter on " More prolits for the corn would rutore pros- farmer, more employment parity to agriculture for the labourer, en I &thought the farmers might cheaper food for his possibly support •it as family." ilrouniing men would catch at a straw. _

(The italics are our own.) The author of these words has taken some notoriously sharp turns, but this would be hard to be at for sheer daring. —" Westminster Gazette.

MORE JOKES ABOUT THE WEATHER

An American tourist came across a man out West sitting on a stump. " How's the weather treating you ?" he asked. " Pretty tolerable, stranger," replied the man. "I had some trees to cut down, but a cyclone came along and levelled them for me."

"That wa3 a piece of luck," cried the tourist.

" Yes ; and then" continued the man, "there was a storm, and the lightning set fire to the brushwood and saved the the trouble of burning it." . .

" Remarkable ! But what are you doing now ? "

"Oh, I'm just waiting for an earthquake to come along and shake the potatoes out of the ground." Strand Magazine.

MR. CODY WINS £;00.

Mr. C-irly's flight on Sunday, in the Michelin Prize competition, was officially returned as 261 miles 600 yards, and he thus wins the prize of £5OO fcr the second year in succession.

e,e0.0"A."2.1••• ipe • ti,ASVI.P ~.',':'04,40e • el .. ir el, ez • . .;,--sv -0 is itlo. •er 0.405'e° e gre 11* 0 e• 'CP eel 0 01, 0 et e, (117. e e Ais 0 lir° • .0 9106 e t • • 61045 'eli.,.. 4906 ek"'"'" • eoC-) •-• , :Eh e.,=.0. . .. . :4 _ i,,... ..,. tiltrf d • • , 4)00 014 'wit °la. •fb Ap. 044_0 ovre. vil• e Oe • 0 e e 'ore &oat. 0 ewe is.s e e cze % ozr 0 c 5,4, eV • •• g. ••• c0r,6.0 ..• -.. itz,- • . . ~..,,..,.. ••. • . • ......1 L,... top ••-.•..•.•••••"

===== 0002601_19111104_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
IR. A. H. CROSFIELD AND FRIENDLY SOCIETIES.

A PROSPECT OF GREATER USEFULNESS. Iteresting Speech to the Oddfellows.

Mr. A. IL Crosfield had a most cordial reception an the members of the Prince of Wales Lodge of the ' dependent Order of Writeßows (Manchester Unity) Saturday evening when he attended a smoking avert held in the lodge room at the Pelican Hotel, present the cup and prizes gained 10 the recent handicap. Mr. Crosfield is a member of the lge and has intere.ted himself in all aspects of its ark,but part'cularly in the social and recreative sides., ter entertaining the Perfection Soap Works Beni at nkey, he came on to the Oddfellows' gathea ing and, ' entering the room, was received with cheers and 'gloat honours. The concert was presided over by P. 0.11 T.P. Bradshaw—who always makea an ideal airman—and he was supported by P.P.G.M. G. F. .eeman, P.G.'s T. Wadsworth (secretory of the Ige), T. Reddish, J. W. Willett, P McLschlan, and Clayton (secretary of the Bowling Committee), I G. E. Hardman, Bra. A 11. Creel& Id, Prov. .ter L-ster, Prov. D.G.M. Herbert Wl.itelegg, Prov. S. Frank Webster; P.P.G.M.'s J. H. Norbtay and P. Taylor; Past Grande G. Iligham, F. Leigh A. B. ars& and Peter De'aney. The Chairman read fetters ,rn Sir Gilbert Groenall, Bart., C.V.0., and Mr. arold Smith, 11 P., regrett'ng their inability to be remit owing to previous engagent nts. mes Massey was absent thr,,ugh illness FAITHFUL SERVICES RECOGNIZED. A handsomely framed certificate of merit was esented to Pa 4 Grand John Delaney, on behalf of 9 lodge, by Prov U M. Peter Lester who paid a high bute to the recipient's devotion to the interests of Ortlzr. Bro. Delaney briefly returned thanks. PRESENTATION OF PRIZES. The CIIAIRM Of said the members of the lodge mtly appreciated Bro. Crosfield's presence and peal they would have many other opportunities of dooming him amongst thrill. (Applause.? The wling competition recently comp'ete I was the ninth the history of the 1°43. It was co-menaced through 3 generosity of Mr. Crosfield in presenting a silver p and a fold model for the winner. The encourage- mt Bro. Crostield had given to the development of wling should corn need itself to every member of 3 Warrington district. lit had for many years ken a great interest in the working-classes and no mends upon his time and packet apysared to bi too eat in the furtherance of healthy recreation. ,pplauss.) Bra. A. H. Crosfield then presnated priz3s to the flowing: —l, Jo e3ph Boscow (Crostield challenge p and gold medal); 2, J Hitchmongh ; 3, 0 F •eeman ; 4, W Rou,zhley ; 5, A Stretford ; 6, T P .adshaw : 7, 0 Warburton ; 8, J Warbtartoo ; 9, H eaglet ; 10, J fd Finch; 11, II Cook ; 12, S Peers ; , T P Ferbes; 11, A lAtlewood ; 15, 11 Glover ; ight. The prize dono-s were : —Sir Gibed Grcenall, art., C.V.0., Mr. A. H. Crosfield, the 'Prince of 'ales' Lodge, the district officers, Caldwella Ltd., 'stance and Co. E and C Griffiths, J Finlaysora. E White, 11 Toft, G F Hatton, W Chalmers and rs Cos. BRO. CROSFIELD'S APPRECIATION OF

FRIENDLY SOOIETIES. liro. CEO:WIELD then delivered a short address. He id he never att:inded a gathering of lumbers of a iendly soc'el without thinking of the amount of As work, extending over some generations, wh'ch id slowly but norm tho less surely buiit up those agnificent instimtions which were now recognized as .rhaps the proudest and finest part of our social ritcture. (Applause.) He had no d übt that in the tiler days of a society like the 01.1feRows, it was ressary to content th-mselves with the splendid ity which devolved upm them, of tetching solf- scipfine, foresight, reasonable thrift and the isdom that had taught Englishmen to make _

PROYESIoN FOR A RAINY DAY fear, hear). That, after all, was the flint and noblest aty. But as time wont on, haw pleasing it was to see at, waxing in cumbers and in strength, the 'moieties egan to enlarge their scope. They had competitions nd enjoyed those outdoor sports to which he had [ways been a little addicted—(hear, hear)—even using the busi, at years of his life—and he had led a 1-etty busy life, taking it all round. (Hear, hear). Ow excellent a thing it was that they cull tack on lose pleasant social adjurets to the uncleu takings of heir societies ! The membet s were thus enabled to njoy the pleasures of music, and that was another bing which Le had had at heart all his life. Is supposed he must have inherited the taste from is father —(applanse)—who was extremely fond of main ; at any rate, be had taken the greatest interest a the national development of; music ia which Varrington haul borne a fair share. (Loud applause). 'erhaps he might interpret that applause as rate] ring a recent success of which be was very proud, and Thiel he had assisted in celebrating that evening. Applause). Mr. Croefield concluded with the observe- ion that every member of the Lodge would be glad 3 see that Bro. 13(YCJW'll skill—renowned beyond the imits of Warrington in the old days—bad not deserted im, and that he was as good with the woods as he sed to be at" Rugger." (Applause).

BRO. CROSFIELD THANKED. Prof. D GM. Witaximia, in proposing a Yote of hanks to Bra. A. H Crosfield, said they were glad hat men of his standing and calibre were willing to ake their share in the work of fritndly societies in Varrington. If their example was generally followed n the country, there would not be much need to rouble about the future of their societies. (Hear, rear). They were going through troublons times in he friendly society world, but meetings of that kind woved that the societies meant far more than the nere paying of contributions and receiving of benefits. inch meetings tended to cement the great work of ro-operation and gave men the opportunity of working lot only for themselves but f w the benefit of their lellows. (Applause). P.O. T. ItEtrotsu seconded and the vote was psseed with eothutiasm. .

The Cu ent remarked that that was an occasion shim members of dilt•rent religions and political views could meet in perfect amity for social purp:•ses

===== 0002601_19111104_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
, THE INSURANCE BILL. USEFULNESS OF FRIENDLY SOCIETIES

kifiWfsifi

Ilro.Caossizi.o, in acknowledging the compliment slid the Deputy Grand Master had touched upon the fine educational woik which the great friendly eocieties did. There was one thing lo did tot mention but of which they had had evidence that evening—the fact that those societies were about the best nursery in the country for our orators. They mid übtedly taught a man business habits and the faculty of addressing his fellow men. (Hear, hear) Allusion had been made to the fact that friendly societies were going through rather anxious times, and the chairman had also called attention to one of the beeriest features of their I social g ttherings that men of all shades of political, opinion were enabled to j tin in friendly intercourse. He (Mr. Crosfield) had met his political opponents for many yearn at all kinds of functions in IVarrington and he could say with pride, as well as with heartfelt pleasure, that he had never had an unkindly reception at their hands. (Applause.) With regard to the present outlook, he wished to say a word as a member of friendly societies and as one who had their welfare at heart and realized their incalculable va'ne as much I as any man in the country. If they took the friendly societies and trade unions of England, they most be ,impressed with the REMARKABLE AND BLESSED FACT what htsch an overwhelming majority of:the working folk of Eneand belonged to one or the other or to both idiotic great agencies. Happily it was now only a very ,small rolearity that held aloof. Those societies had ,done magnificent pioneer work, extending back Ithrough many generations, and had built up sp'endid .structures, often in the face of considerable difficulties. Now, profiting bv the experience of those societies and 'making them the honoured agents of the country, the :State was going to do two things which appealed to this mind as much as anything he had come across in .the course of his public career. The State was goiog 'to LS \ BRE 111E31 To DAVE DOTTER BENEFITS FOR MORE MoDF,T O•STRIDATIONs, taking the average, and, not less important, was going to secure an natured solvency to so many institu- tions that were not in as strong a position as their • own Order, and in connection it ith which many a -vrortingenan would have run the risk of losing his

I money. In the case of kcal epidemics, where they were desling with the weaker moieties, he was afraid cases might have arisen in which the demand WWI greater than the E apply ; and though, having known a bit about manufacturers' interests in his tine, that war not an unhappy p)sition for firms to be in, it was not ft.e positien that they wanted to see any of the friendly societies or other great voluntary agencies of the country landed in. (Applause). As a member of friendly societies he was following the question with deep interest and, speak- ing only as a brother and not as a party min, he felt full of hope and thankfulness that those magnificent organizstions were wing to occupy a STRONGER, A Dula; A,NURED AND A-MORE PERMANENT DOSITION, with even greater usefulness in the State than ever before He hoped he would not p-ove an undue , optimi,t ; he only gave them his opinion for what It I was worth, but he was speaking with very strong and siccereconvistion in the matter. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19111104_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTEIER PRESENTATION.

Another interesting presentation then took place, a Past Grand's jewel being presented by Bro. A.H. Cro-field to P.O. John W. Willett for services to the lodge in connection with the social evenings. An admirable musical programme was gone through cons:sting of songs by P.O. Willett and Mr. G. Gough, duets by Messrs. J. B. Poole and S Hassall, J. W. Willett and T. Ilumphries, and humorous sketches and concertina solos by Mr. S. Aukland. P.O. Fred Webster playel the pianoforte accompanimeAs.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEFAMATION OF THE TERRITORIAL FORCE.

Misuse of Lord Kitchener's Name.

The following Imter which has appesnd in several of the leading daily newspapers, throws an interesting light on the controversial methods of the advocates of compulsofy military training. Admiral Fitzgerald, it will be rememlrred, recent'y addressed a National Service League meeting in the Parr Ball, Warrington. Sir.—The following appeared in the " Daily Mail " for Friday, October `2oth, and I understand, in many other newspapers throughout the country:—

===== 0002601_19111104_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
LbaD KITCIIENER'S RE r6RT.

Admiral Penrose Fitzgerald, addressing a meet- ing in connection with the Notional Service League at Liverpool yesterday, said Lord Kitchener and Lord Haldane were present at certain Territorial manoeuvre,. At the close Lord Kitchener offered acme criticism. "Yea," said Lord Haldane, " but they have got enthusiasm." "Srhas a mob," replied Lord Kitchener. As a Territorial officer I am one of those who are engaged in the uphill work of persuading ths young men of the country that, whatever may be the desira- bility or the reverse of IMMO system of compulsory service, it is the present duty of the individual in the absence of compulsion to qualify himself to serve his country in arms by joining the territorial Force and submitting vo;untarily to the discipline and training which thus lie, as it were, at his own front door. Our recrui!ing difficulties would, however, ba still further increased if it were believed that Lord Kitchener had expressed any opinion adve, s• to the force, and, above all, it he were thought to view it as n 3 beAer for military purp3ses than a mob. Obviously it wm'd be unreasonable to ask a young min to sac ifice leisure and convenience for work that so high a military authority considered to be usdees. I theref re wrote to the Admiral asking him whether he was correctly reported, an 1, if so, what was his authority for the story. I have received from him the following reply: " 1, T inky Crescent, Folk estone, October 26th, 1911. " dear sir,—The enclosed is a practically correct report of what I mid !at Liverpool. I took the story from a pwagraph in Nome paper some little time ago' and I regret that my memory does not enable me to say what paper it woe. I merely mention this to show that it was not a mere srnok'ng-r mm yarn' thlt I ,was repeating.—l ate, yours faithfully,

C. C. P. FITZGERALD."

By the same post I have received a let.er from the S:cretary of State for War, in which he authorises me to say that " the tale is without f undation. . . . Lord Kitchener never made any such remark to me, nor was I even pre eat is his company at lerritorial maw:micros." As already st dad, our main difficulty in finding recruits for the Territori d Force lies in persuading them that the sacrifice is worth while. This being the case, may I plead with you t 3 give publicity to this by no means isolatei instance of the methods of the National Service League ? If the Leapt) and their members must rr.ist in the strange perversion that they are doing patriotic work by decrying those who are serving voluntarily because they want every- one to be compelled to do so, may I at least suggest that they ought in common fairness to ve,ify their facts before they quote high military authority to popular audienoili in support of their views ? Yours Ac ROBERT A. JOHNSON. 15, Tedworth Square, L uidon, S.W., October 30th.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR, HUBERT CONGREVE.

Memorial Service at Liverpool.

Many friends of the late Mr. Hubert Congreve were present at an impressive memorial service which was held at the Church of Humanity, Liverpool, on Sunday evening. The representatives of the Ails Canal Compsny present included Captain Waring;Latchford.) ailemn and beautiful music was rendered, including Beethoven's Funeral Mach, Mozsit's " Larghetto ' quintett from and Handel's Dead March is " SauL" The service was conducted by Mr. Sydney Style a member of the legal profession—acting pustor of the Church, who after giving an interesting sketch of Mr. Congreve's career said: Hubert Cingreve was the living embodiment of the noblest qualities of man- hood. Truth was his lode star. Dtry was the dominating fact a- of his life. He was intolerant of injustice. Ile was merciful to the weak. Conscious of his own ability, he deprecated praise and abhorred flattery. His o,urtesy to all was proverbial. He was prodigal in his benevolence. His life was a distinctly religious life, but a religious life guided by two forms of faith separated by a period of transition. His mother was a member of the evangelical section of the Church of England, and at King's College Dr. Barry and Archdeacon Watkins influenced him in the same direction. He became one of a band of young men who went into the slums of London to teach the Gospel of Christ. When working at the Tay viaduct he was a constant attendant at the Scotch Episcopalian Church and at the time of his engagement he was anxious that his future wife should be inwardly convinced that her soul was saved. But as active duties occupied his time, as he became more widely read in poetry, history and phibsophy, as his love of pictures and church srchitecture increased be gradually grew out of the evangelical creed and became conscious of the truth and beauty of the teaching of hie uncle, Richard Congreve, and the meaning of his life, and sobs adopted an attitude of sympathy to our church, and later, when he came to know Albert Crompton, joined it as his own. He was greatly impressed with Albert Crompton's memorial address en his uncle, Dr Richard Congreve, and came to see how the faith of Humanity, as contained in the writings of Auguste Comte, was able to inspire and guide the life of a practical man. His interest in the cause here was wry deep. In his last letter to me he txpreseed his interest in our proposed new church and suggested the style of architecture fitting for its construction. In that Church we may hope he will long be held in remembrance, that many generations of practical men may be iuspired to incorporate his ife in theirs.

WORN-OUT MEN with Wrecked Nerves should take DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS For Weak and Nervous Prople.

(1) Have you been burning the candle at boih ends ? (2) Are you suffering from nerve sod physical breakdown? (3) Have you kidney and digestive troubles ? (I) Da you lack organic energy ? Or are you sr tiering from eny form of physical and nerve exhaustion? If so, a course of Dr. Camille Tables for Weak and Nervous People will speedily and permanently cure you. Thin great remedy is pare, rfe and reliable, and contras just what is necessary to restore worn-out tissues, and is the moat remarkable body builder end restorer of modern timer. Dr.Caasell's Tablets for Weak and Nervous People are sold at 10A., Is. lid. and 2r. 9d. by all chemists. Send 2d. in stamps to Dr. Carsell's Co. Ltd., King-street W., Manchester, for a free trial box.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH AFFAIRS. -- NOTES FOR IRISH READERS. - -

THE INSURANCE BILL AND THE NECESSITIES OF IRELAND.

The desire of the Government to have the Insurance Bill passed into law is abundantly clear from the allocation of time for Parlia- mentary business. The proceedings of the Government in this regard, it will be remembered, was embodied in a resolution which was carried by a majority fully repre- senting the preponderance of the Progressive forces in this Parliament. That the measure is sound in principle, that its object is a desirable one is common ground as between all parties in the House. But—and this is our point on this important current topic—so far as Ireland is concerned in the scheme it has been shewn from the moment of the introduction of the Insurance Bill up to the present time that in order to make it suitable to the needs of that country the measure must be radically altered. The " caveat " entered by Mr. Redmond on the night of the introduction of the Bill has been approved in the popular discussion throughout all Ireland which he invited. The special needs of the sister isle ought surely to be known to the Government. Not for the first time English statesmen have learnt that a reform fraught with great benefits to the people of England and Scotland, might, if unamended, prove oppressive in Ireland. In the case of the Insurance Bill, the danger was probably greater than ever. Asidrafted, it is now agreed, it contained provisions which would have weighed heavily on certain British interests. If this was true of a measure drawn solely, and after long study, with regard to the welfare of the working population in Great Britain, it was safe to conclude without any examination of details that the peculiar necessities of Ireland were practically ignored in the scheme. Consider- ation of the provisions of the Bill has proved the soundness of this view. Mr. Redmond and his colleagues at once declared that in order to make it applicable to Ireland the measure required "serious amendment." No other course was open to them if they were to be mindful of the needs of the people who send them to Westminster. And their opinion was universally endorsed in Ireland. There were no two opinions in Ireland on the necessity for considerable amendment, and it was evident that if the Bill was to be made suitable to Ireland it would have to be, in its Irish portion at any rate, largely recast. Now the Chancellor of the Exchequer in deference to British interests, has promised many amendments of his Bill though it was plainly thought out beforehand and framed with a view to meeting the peculiar needs of Great Britain. Anyone can see with half an eye that these alterations are by no means unimportant. In some respects they are fundamental. Mr. Lloyd George has made important concessions to powerful organisations in England and Scotland. The Irish demand is that he should consider the peculiar wants of a country whose industries and social condition differ RO vastly from those of Great Britain. And so keenly is this felt that for the first time in history the reverend prelates who form the heirarchy of the Catholic Church in Ireland, who are free to look at the question impartially and solely with regard to the interests of their flocks, have passed a resolution on a matter clearly of an economic as distinct from a religious character. It may be worth while to emphasise here the fact that on this question the attitude of the Irish Party have been perfectly consistent. The amend- ments proposed by the party are in accord with the suggestion of the Bishops of Ireland. Naturally we are hopeful that these amendments will be accepted by the Government,which has accepted amendments from the Front Opposition Bench, and we think, as supporters of this Government we can await discussion on the Irish portion, Clause 59, without anxiety. A LIBEL ON MR. REDMOND.

A political libel case not without signifi- cance for Liberal and Tory alike, was settled in court the other day, when Mr. Basil Peto, M.P., sued a Mr. Beesley in the following circumstances. The day before the poll at Mr. Peto's election a leaflet was issued on behalf of Mr. Peto in which the well known apocryphal passage from a speech by Mr. John Redmond was set out,in which he was falsely declared to have stated that there was not an Irishman in America that would not rejoice to see a German Army march from Yarmouth to Milford Haven. Mr. Redmond as we have pointed out in this column before has repeatedly repudiated this speech. Mr. . . . .

Peto, however, shewed he had no pre-know- ledge of its employment for him. Mr. Alfred Beesley wrote to a local paper saying he had got Mr. Redmond's denial and proceeded to criticise the use of this fabricated passage especially on the eve of the poll. It now turns out that it was supplied by a Mr. Hardy who teaches the young idea at Marlborough College, who took it from the" Daily Mail." It was admitted that Mr. Redmond had never made the statement, but the extra- ordinary feature of the case is that Mr. Peto claims exemplary damages from Mr. Beesley for the suggestion that it was kno x- ingly used. Thus the Tory candidate on whose behalf the false statement was issued becomes the injured party and secures £350 damages at the hands of a London special jury 1 What we should like to know is— where does Mr. Redmond come in? Suppose he took an action against every Tory candi- date or speaker and every" high-toned" Tory newspaper by which this fabricated passage has been used, where would it end? It might easily go on to the close of the twentieth century and even then not touch all the fabricators !

===== 0002601_19111104_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P S.A. Society.

There wes an open treating of this Society on Sunday lest. The weather was against a large gathering, but there wan a good attendance., presided over by Mr. J. W. Slack, who spoke come timely words upon " Keep to the beaten track." Mr. Miller, of Widnes. gave the address upon " I will give thee the garden"—the words of the wicked Jezebel the Queen to Ahab the King, when taking the garden from the good man Neboth. Greed and selfishness were the points he raised, and he drew some useful lessons. Me should be true in purpose, thoughtful for others ; contest with what is ours ; wiebing the good end prosperity of all. Mr. W. Rutter gave two cornet solos The Lost Chord " and "The Sign of the Crow," which were greatly enjoyed. Mr. D. McEachern read the lesson. Mr. Miller led the prayer. Mr. Payton presided at the organ. A collec- tion was taken for the funds of the society.—The Secre- tary welcomed two new members, end also proposed that a vote of sympathy and condolence be sent to Mrs. Gibson (of Eleice-street) and her family on the death of Mr. Gibson, a member of the society.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
EIGHTY-FOUR SOLDIERS POISONED.

Paris, Today—Na ws comes from !arsenics of a serious poisoning affair which has occurred among the men of the 3rd Infantry Regiment, quartered at the St. Victor Barrack.. Eighty-four soldiers became unwell after eating tinned meat, and thirteen were in such • condition that it was necessary to take them to the Infirmary. An investigation has been opened Into the effair.—Central New..

===== 0002601_19111104_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No

===== 0002601_19111104_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR INDIGESTION

BILIOUSNESS-HEADACHES-CONSTIPATION WIND - ANAEMIA - AND WOMAN'S ILLS

Only through good digestion can food be changed into flesh and blood, bone, nerve- tissue and brain. In no other way can the daily wear of bodily substance be repaired, decay arrested and life sustained. To have sound digestion, vigour, vitality, health, your stomach must be healthy and able to digest food perfectly. When your stomach is out of order, whether from loss of tone, changes in the weather, overwork, worry, or errors in diet ; when TAKE your liver and bowels also refuse to work steadily, nothing so soon THE 'HERBAL corrects and invigorates

peculiar to women, are often due to the failure of the stomach, liver and bowels to do their duty properly. In all such cases, Mother Seigel's Syrup is sure to do good. It is made of medicinal extracts of certain roots, leaves and barks which tone and strengthen the stomach, and stimulate the liver and bowels to healthy action. Thus it aids digestion, makes food nourish you, purifies your blood and gives you the vigour and tone of good health. Mr. A. F. Hayman, Orchard St., St. Albans, Herts., says :—" Food caused me most distress- ing pain both in my chest and stomach. I was frequently sick and _ .

===== 0002601_19111104_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
REMEDY

the digestive sysfem, re- storing it to healthy, normal action, as the herbal tonic—Mother Seigel's Syrup. The symptoms of, digestive disorders are many. They include :—Pains in the chest and back, after meals ; ,pains, wind, or a sense of fulness in the stomach ; vomiting_sometimes of food which the weakened stomach rejects, or of a sour, watery fluid; giddiness palpita- tion, heartburn, headaches, languor, depres- sion of spirits, costiveness, anemia. Many other distressing troubles, including ailments

. _ I last 20 pounds in weight. Hospital treat- ment certainly did me some good but afterwards—in less than a month—l had another spell of indigestion, as bad as the first. I continued to suffer until a lady advised me to try Mother Seigel's Syrup. I took nine bottles of the Syrup and have still a tenth bottle—unopened—which, judging from my present good health, I shall never require." Buy and try a bottle of Mother Seigel's Syrup for yourself, to-day

===== 0002601_19111104_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTHER

SEIGEL'S SYRUP

The Yid bottle contain* three time,* as mash as the cite. .'leonn tablet form, 2/9. at

the individual concerned. It is in honour pre sod

simple. CATCH-MY-PAL On Wednesday evening, in the Parr Hall, the Rev. R. J. Patterson, L L 8., had an extraordinary story to relate of the " Catch-My-Pal" movement, of which he is the author. While yet this latest success—the most remarkable since the elsys of Father Matthew— was in its infancy, I had the facts from the lips of • personal friend of Mr. Patterson having a ministerial charge in Mancoester. The idea was a splendid one, I thought then ; anyhow, it has since justified itself abundantly. What progress has been made in this as in other respects since the days of which we have heard with our ears and our fathers have told us ! We have often read how, in the time of Charles 11, it was considered correct for every 'gentleman and lady of fashion to drink more than was advisable of Canary and buttered ale and hippocras. Just as the consump- tion is less to-day, the number of sarieties he also decreased. An Elizabethan writer men- tions 56 varieties, while a still older poet

gives a catalogue Of medireval wines, the i;iere reproduction of which would require too much of my rapidly vanishing srace. To take a leap forward, the " seven men of Preston " signed tile pledge on September let, 1832, says a correspondent. The word " teetotal " was not accidentally invented by Richard Turner. Dr. F. It. Lees shows quite clearly that the word was in common use in Lancashire and Ireland and had been used by De Quincey and Denim, the Irish novelist, long before Turner was born. To suppose that Turner originated the word while " stuttering " Dr. Lee deecribes as an err( r. By-the-bye, I once had a psiticulsrly note- worthy experierce with Dr. Lees, but I must reserve that story for the present. Ihe first temperance pledge was an anti-spirit pledge, which allowed the members to drink malt liquor in moderation. This was improved upon on September Ist, 1832, when the pledge" rim all liquors of an iroox'cating quality" was signed by Joseph Livesay and six others. For a considerable period both these pledges were in existence, and it was at a meeting in the Preston Cockpit in September 1833, that Turner, in a fervid speech, declared for the pledge against all intoxicating liquor, They must have done with it all and be "teetotal." Mr. Livesey, who was in the chair, cried out, 'That shall be the name," and the word teetotal was thus applied to the total abstinence movement. As the "Daily News," to whose columns I am indebted for the ability to present these interesting facto in this bandy form, showed in the course of comments upon the annual report of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise, the nation is conquering its appetite for liquor. Undoubtedly, Mr. Patterson will rank high among contemporaries who have materially belprd their weaker fellows onward and upward in this regard.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;r•

===== 0002601_19111104_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

BENEATH THE BED. The only bit of Byron's "Don Juan" that has my case stuck through the years is the one telling how in the course of a memorable hunt "they looked beneath the bed, and there they found—no matter I what, but 'twas not that they songht." Poor Mrs I Chrimes, the ged licensee of the Roebuck Hotel, did the like last Saturday night, and discovered an alleged burglar, who, after fiercely (smiting her, disabled himself in attempting to escape. It is said the land- lady made a prar tire of looking under the bed when retiring for the night. As I read of this I was reminded of the nervous married woman who likewise made this an invariable rule, and on one occasion noticed a pair of boots sticking out. With a terrified shriek she aroused her husband, who had already dropped off. "John, John," she cried, 'there's a man under the bed ! " "I'm glad you've found him at last," was his cool response; 'you're been looking for him 20 years to my knowledge! " PELORUS JACK. Some time ago I confessed to a weakness I r listening to the harangues of market quack doctors and the patter of gutter merchants. Latterly I have been vastly entertained by the methods and humorous asides of a bumble female vendor of cheap curtains, and recently missing her from her accustomed weekly stand, I was quite shocked to think that I should ne'er fee nor hear her more. Happily, as in the case of the late Mark Twain some years ago, the rumour proved to have been " greatly exaggerated." And so, I I rejoice to find it is with the world-renowned "Felony' Jack." I am very glad indeed of ID. Fred Stott's assurance that I was mistaken in supposing that that old and most interesting Dolphin was dead; and if I , owe " Uncle Caleb" an apology—well here it is it all 'sincerity and heartiness, along with my compliments. "Jack's alive," as a once popular parlour pastime bath it, and I for one, found the news such good read- ing that I can climb down more gracefully than would in some other circumstacces be possible. MEAN THEFTS. The conviction of two unspeakable wretches at the Borough Court of despicable thefts from poor children goes to show to what depths some cowardly criminals ' will descend for the sake of quite paltry some, Years ago I had the pleasure of witnessing the committal of one such who had made a speciality of robbing girls on their way home from work. It woe in a Lancashire cotton district, and the victims were mostly weavers living in remote parts. They were attacked on pay nights under cover of darkness, the thief throwing his overcast on the girl's head and then ripping out her pocket. Once an intended victim bad taken the pre- caution to carry her purse elsewhere, and the fellow was foiled in his attempt, but the shock seriously affected the weaver's health. Finally, the heartless ' rogue met his match. Ile set upon a lady teacher who resided with her sister at a lonely farm, and she resisted to such purpose that he was fain to flee, leaving in her hand his cap. This led to his undoing, for a local constable identified it and promptly arrested the owner. I may add that these things happened wirhin a mile or two of the birth-place of the Rev. H. Ogden, whine formal recognition es pastor of Golborne-street Baptist Church took place amid general felicitations on Thureday evening. KING DAU %ID AN' HIS KIST 0' WHUSTLES. The promised re appearance of Mr. David Clegg, who is advertised to give an organ recital at Bold. street Wesleyan Church this evening, is well calcu- lated to awaken memories and to induce reminiscences. I think there is a sense in which it may without offence be suggested that this amazing organist has always b 'en more or leas in the habit of" tickling the ears of the groundhogs " Perhaps I had better make my point clear by means of an illustration." There is no doubt about it," said Mr. Noter, "be is a cultivated , musician, " And what is your idea of a cultivated musician ? " asked his friend. " One who plaj things you don't care to hear, and talks about them in • way you can't understand." What I mean is that Mr. Clegg would not dream of putting before a mixed audience things they would not care to hesr. It behoves me to be extremely careful here, because I mind me of a time when, well into the teens of years ego, I criticised one of Mr. Clegg's performances at a certain Wesleyan chapel, and so "put my foot in it" as to cause deep and lasting resentment. Writing of the popular player's happy knack of never-failing appeal to the general, I wrote by way of convenient summary, "The common people hear him gladly." I should not like to have it supposed that my Methodist readers did not recog- nize the quotation. They Feemed to suspect an implication which was never intended, and, with lees

material than some weedd have deemed nrceasury for a molehill, proceeded laboriously to rear a muntain which is doubtless there onto this day. Apps.-ently the humour of the situation did not strike anyono but that ribald newspaper fellow. Seriously, let me add that in the meantime I have received from Mr. Cl !gg at leaat one frankly appreciative letter acknowledging my press notices of his work. OUR GREATEST ACTRESS.

In fulfilment of a fairly long standing engagement with the Philomathic Society, the still incomparably charming, surprisingly vivacious Miss Ellen Terry is due at the Parr Hall next Thursday. night. An unoccupied Feat on such an occasion were indeed difficult to imagine—as difficult as it is for the beholder to realise that this, the first actress of the day, years ago celebrated her jubilee on the stage! I enlarged somewhat on this fruitful th,,me the other , week, and may return to it hereafter. As another enthusiastic admirer expresses it, Ellen Terry is the most marvellous alchemist of our time ; she has dis- covered the Elixir—the secret of perpetual youth, and she is willing to share the recipe with all. A curious questiorer once assed," Why do you look so young?' And she replied, "I think it is because I am never long unhappy ; I always try to be happy.' Her parents figured on the boards ' • her brother Fred and her sisters Kate and Marion achieved distinction before the footlights; and her son Gordon. if not conspicuous as an actor, is well known on the Continent as well as in England as a man r,f ideas, "particularly in regard to novel methods of staging and lighting." I note that Miss Terry is to deal here with " some of the heroines of Shakes- peare's plays, with illustrative acting." It is an exceedingly wise choice. It is her pet subject, and she is sure to be at home in it. When only eight years of age she played Maximillius in ""f he Winter's Tale," and actually had in her andieacethe late Queen Victoria and the Prince Consort—and a favourable notice in the" Times " on the following day. AB a girl she played nith Mrs. Kendal (I moan the two romped together as young companions). She ale° appeared with her in Mr. Tree's revival of " The Merry Wives of Windsor." Sa long ago as 1863, when the present Bath Theatre was opened with a production of the" Midsummer Night's Dream," Miss Terry playd Titania and Mrs. Kendal " second sing- ing fairy." I have not yet seen her Warrington programme, but I dare say it will include her mistress Page, Lady Macbeth, Portia, Beatrice, and Ophelia ; for in these, as in others not a few, she is truly wonderful. BOROUGH FREEMAN.

So Mr. Robert Pierpoint is to be added to the Free- men of the Borough of Warrington. What does such honour imply and involve? I have a hazy sort of recollection that I have at least touched upon this question before, but at such a juncture it agitates the minds of many, and, in view of the strange attitudes assumed by one and another in relation to it, the well- ml among my readers will pardon my dwelling upon it furtherior the sake of those who confessedly know little about it. If any student of life among Ithem happened occasionally to drop into the taproom of a Warrington" pub" he would in all probability there find some alleged " authority" solemnly assert- ing that those upon whom the honour in Question is conferred are fortunate enough to escape the payment of all rates, taxes du. Others say that they are entitled to a certain sum yearly out of the rates. Andl thire are yet others who maintain that Freemen are privileged to frequent theatres, concerts, and other similar functions free of charge—that they are, as the honour implies, literally Freemen whom Dame FoAtine has singled out to enj y a life without taxes, with free entertainment, and a veto in the borough I although they may not reside there or have property. I Upholders of each of these ideas are to be mit with ' in places where men do congregate, and many a time and oft of late has argument waxed hot an to which held the right opinion on the subject. There are many prepared to back their own pet theory with large wagers. It is therefore as necessary as it is timely once more to explain that a Freeman of the B Tough of Warrington receives no special privilege whatever. It is simrly an honour. At one time, Lot very remote, Freemen of certain boroughs njoyed certain privileges. They varied of course. In York, for instance, there are at the present time, quite • large namber of Freemen who receive what is known as an emolument out of the rates. I may rematk in passing that I happen to be well acquainted with the Clerk to the City Council there. When I first knew him, he was in training in the office of an uncle, who is himself a magistrates' clerk and an active member of the Manchester Literary Club. To proceed, how- ever, there are others who are granted pseture land free for their cattle. But an Act of Parliament passed in 1885 swept away all this, and now, when any borough desires to confer such honour upon any of its citizens, it means nothing more than an honour to

===== 0002601_19111104_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Socialist Society.

The first of the weekly winter meetings of the above society wee held in their large room, Wildempool Sunday evening, M. James idampeon presiding. Mr. Jack Dort of St. 'relent', was the speaker, the enblect being Pauperism and its Cure," fie contended that to deal effectively with any evil it was necessary to understand its origin. In • very interesting way he traced the commencement of pauperism in Eng- land, attributing it mainly to the stealing of the common lands from the people. From 179! to 1816. the " patriotic 'landlords enclosed two million acres of the people's land, which bad br.en common property ifor at least a thou.and years. This while the males ' were fighting for the nation in foreign lands, sad when the soldiers returned from war—into which they had been preered—they were deprived of their livelihood. the agricultural lands having been transformed into pasture lands etc. During the last :At years • further seven million acres have been filched from the people. Dealing with the evil of pauperism Mr. Burt mentioned incidentally the Minority Report of the last Poor Law Commission. Although a palliative there was traceable in its composition • more humane method of dealing with the question than bad hitherto been deemed necessary. In conclusion the speaker con- tended that landlordism end capitalism were the root causes and that they must be abolished and replaced by public ownership The only permanent care there- fore for pauperism was Socialism. Several questions were asked at the close.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
A MYSTERY OF THE SEA.

A Swansea telegram states it message was received at brambles late on Mondsy night that an unknown three-muted echoooer had sank two and a halfmiles off Worms !feed, near fielwick Lightship, during • heavy gale. The Tenhy lifeboat. which went to the aesiatanoe of the vessel, wan told on reaching tbe lightship, that a schooner flying signals of distress had disappeared, tresumably with all bands. The lifeboat pat into Mumbles owing to the severity of the gale.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
_ . .__ % f The Rowntree Flavour makes people really like JA! MAKERS TO H.M. THE KIND. Rowntree's Elect Cocoa. ------------- der

===== 0002601_19111104_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Da YOU get Pains in the Loins and Back

s? Rheumatism?

===== 0002601_19111104_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Gravel? Dropsical Swellin Kidney and Bla

rder Trouble is Serious.

Mr. E. Oakley, of I,llond-strest, Sankey Bridges, Backache is generally misunderstood. Many Warrington, soya:—" can truthfelly say that people neglect it becaute they believe it to be Donna pills have done me a lot of good, and I muscular weakness doe to overwork. So they have recommended them to my mates, wait for it to pass off. " I used to be a sufferer from dropsy and kidney trouble; my limbs swelled very much. I Bet when backache does n g pass off, we know was subject to severe pains in the small of my that the pain comes not from the back, but from back, hips and loins. I consulted a doctor, and the kidneye, which lie beneath the back. he advised roe to go into an Infirmary. I was in It is a warning, and it is a serious warning, for there for a timemd I jp.t a bit I:etter. Altogether I was laid op for ten weeks,and I got no rent beneft when the kidneys are weak the 'Die acid poison until I tried Doss's backache k limy pills, they leave in the blood begins to spread all over " Dosn's pills are a splendid medicine ; they the system have made me well again, and [shalt take pleasure Makes your back ache, your limbs ache, in speaking about them. (Signed) E. OAKLXV." After a lapse of more than eighteta monVta, one settles into urinary sediment or gravel, which of our representatives had the pleasure of seeing irritates the bladder and keeps it in a constant Oakley, sho said :—" I have not needed to use state of diecomfort,--clogs the urinary channels Doan's pills since they cured me so thoroughly, and stops the free passage of water, causing the It was dropsy that I hid ; my body swelled con- swellings of dropsy,—fu-ms into sh irp, jagged siderahly, and the kidney secretions were unnatural crystals in the muscle', j Ants and nerves, as to sad contained sediment ; Donna pills correoted rbeumati and sciati :a. them. I won treated for kidney trouble at the hospital, where I remained a month. Of this time If you have any of these symptoms, begin with I spent twentrone days in bed. Daan's Backache Kidney Pdls without delay, for " Donn's pills are indeed splendid. Numbers the longer kidney t. ouble is neglecte I the harder have asked me about my CM all I al grass give it is to cure. Dcan'a B ickache Kidney Pills the medicine high praise—I can't do otherwise ; gently lead the kidneys back to health and four boxes of the pills cured me." activity. They relieve the urinary system like r'n"' 290 hoc,"". hor" 119 "f "" "" laxative medicines relieve the bowels. They A/ore.o, or 110111 Porter-Me Milan Co., 8, Irelly.,t , Oxford-Kt , Ir. Don't ask for back.- prevent waste water from staying too long in the ache and kidney pills, ask distinctly for body, and thee drive out the uric acid poison DOAN'S Backache Kidney Pills, the same which causes the above symptoms and many as Mr. Oakley had. more. Wolfe for Mush-ale.' boatel' on " li,, 0 (~ ” Kidneys and BlmItl,,” sent post fre.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
-At%

WOMEN'S CHAT.

Taxing tho Unmarried.—The princildo of taxing bachelors has been already adopted in this country by the grant of special income-tax exemptions to married men with families, but one of the smaller German I'. incipalities—that of Reuss—hes distinguished itself I by imposing a super-tax on spinsters as well as bachelors. The matter is regarded as of some import- ' ance in the Fatherland, as it is probable that a super- tax on unmarried persons will he adopted in the larger States, if it successful in Reuss. There is little doubt that the bachelor has to look forward to the time when, if be will not have a wife and family of his own, he will be made to contribute more than he does to the relief of those of other people, but it is hardly fair to put the same burdens upon spinsters, who are debarred by the conventions of society from making a proposal of marriage. In Reuss the super-tax is to apply equally to bachelors and spinsters over thirty, and whore 'memos exceed £l5O a year, but equalisation of this kind must sooner or later mean equalisation all round, and an end to the passive attitude which social conven- tions impoas upon women in courtships. The Oddities of Life.—One cannot help smiling at the oddities of life, of which an example was afforded by the man who appeared before a London magistrate I with a crying baby in his arms, and asked for " maintenance order, or something of that sort," against his wife. He wan compelled i y law to support his wife, who continually went away and left him with the baby, so that he was hindered from doing his day's work. The magistrate was sympathetic but said he could do nothing for him as" the law Ie all in favour of the wire." In another case, the magistrate raid it was time women should be obliged to take out licences for hatpins, which were quite as dangerous in the hands of violent women as a revolver is the hands of a man. That they are a danger to the general public when used only for ordinary purposes, has been proved on many occasions by accidents caused by projecting DOints. Even the feminine bat itself may be a source of peril, for it wag recently reported that a green bet worn by a lady, seeing a friend off at a railway station was mistaken by the engine driver for the waving green light of the guard, and In started the train before the proper eignal was given. The Soap Making Industry.—Some interesting parti- culars concerning the soap industry appear in a November Mag .zine from which it appears that we are one of the best washed nations in the world. The avenge consumption of soap in this oountry is about fourteen pounds per head per annum, whilst in Russia it is only one and e half pounds. Whether we always enjoyed this pre-eminence may be doubted, for in the time of James 1., the industry was the exclusive mono- poly of the Company of Soapmakers of Westminster, who had to pay the King a duty of .ti 6 per ton, on all soap produced. There are several reigning monarchs of the present day, including the German Emperor, who are engaged in business, but there is nothing new in royalty embarking in enterprise of this sort. James I. pushed this particular trade by a proclamation which declared the company's soap to be "good, sweet, and serviceable for our people." Of all commodities soap has been one of the most widely advertised, and an English firm went far to capture the American trade by securing a testimonial from Henry Ward Beecher, which began by saying "Cleanliness is next to Godliness." The arm who bought Sir John Millais's picture "Bubbles" for purposes of artistic advertising, is said to have disbursed altogether something like £3,000,000 on proclaiming the merits of its goods. Biblical Quotations.—" Cleanliness is next to godli- ness" is commonly supposed to be a Biblical rr quota- tion" hut it is not to be found In the Bible. The mistake, something like the latest" hall " which Mr. Birrell bestowed on the House of Commons when, in answer to a question on Irish affairs, he referred to "a wholly garbled version of what never took place." Thst is dintinctly Hibernian, and has someolaim to rank with the famous comment that " half the lies which are told about Ireland are not true." Another saying which is oftea wrongly supposed to be in the Bible is "God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb." The meaning of the reference in correct enough, but the simile is a little queer, because as a rule the lamb is not shorn. The saying " Cleanliness is next to godliness " is sometimes attributed to John Wesley, but it was only 0.5 a quota- IT that he ueed it in some of his sermons. Embroideries and Contrasts.—The vroolivork embellishment, so popular this winter for dreams, and _millinery, requires skilful handling, if it Is not to savour of the grotesque ; of the beauty and suitability of the _carpet embroderies however, used as revers es some of the new and more expensive coats, there can bone two opinions. Eastern in design, 'lob in colour, the reds, blues, yellows, and green of the ancients predominating, these gorgeous garnitures of velvet) softnees, offer a strong and striking contrast to the 110111br0 shades of the coats they adorn. Contrasts are a decided fete.ure of this meson's fashions. Take for instance the shade of grey, which is the colour of the moment, and note how beautifully it Is brought oat whoa contrssted with with royal pnrple, the russet tints, or deep orange. Belts again, of black patent leather are used with afternoon dresses of the brightest tints. Sometimes narrow bands, not more than one and a half inches in width, consist of no fewer than three colours, deftly folded in this narrow space, and inch is a contrast with the shade of the dress with which this novelty is worn. Satin belts are also seen, and on them tiny white buttons are arranged to form • design lithe back, which ialauppoeed to add grace to the

figure. Among accessories, the fichu comes flrst.and its variety is endless. A novelty is of black net, and this is draped over bodices of all colours. The fiche of the same material as the dress, in scalloped, and bound to correspond with the flat mid scalloped flounces no often placed on afternoon frocks. A Cosy Wrap.—An evening wrap that should com- mend itself to the practical woman with a limited allowance, le of reversible blanketing similar to that used for infants' cots. It in very file and soft in make, and the coloure are charming, and any two shades may be chosen to snit the wearer individually. The edges of these wraps are neither turned up nor hemmed, but finished with wools of the same shades as the material, in blenket stitch. The only expensive part of this I novel end effective wrnp, is the corded trimming which finishes the hood, but even this may be dispensed with, I and a suitable ribbon in colours to match and of a striking design, be substitntel. Such a wrap presents no difficulties to the home dressmsker,and well rewards the time and trouble spent on it. About Forw—fit would seem that fur is cultic iently of the nature of an od.rrnment by itself, nod that to garnish it with trimmings is totally unnecessary. Designers however hold other opinione, and heavy ornaments, braid, fringe, velvets, chiffons, and lane are all pressed into the service of paltry with varying success. The combining too, of one pelt with another, goes merrily on—take for instance mole with ermine. A few years ago no furrier would have need the two together, yet they make a vivid contrast and are so skilfully and deftly arranged that each seems to display the other to the best possible advantage. Fine silk fringes and chenille fringes on furs are very popular, the former in conjunction with very r'ide braids. Grey , chenille fringes with grey furs and white silk and , chenille fringe with ermine, are distinctly successful. ' Grey seminal is among the prime favourites this ' winter. A novel way of making it up shows the very plainly, and these are arranged diagonally, Some of the long coats are made in this way others have a I horizontal pot or dado. The fashion for grey furs has brought grey wolf to the fore. it is both a good-looking and a well. wearing fur, and these merits probably account for its popularity. Black wolf seems to have taken the place of black fox, the price of which is prohibitive to all but the very rich.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

Padgate Sewage Scheme.

The monthly meeting of this Council was held at the Council Offices on Wednesday afternoon, presided over by Mr J Backhousa. There were also present :—Dr Murray, Rev A M Mitchell, Messrs W Furnees, W Houghton, Dr Seplaten (medical ofhcer), F Kerfoot (inspector), B S Newcombe (surveyor), H H Burnage (assistant surveyor), and J C Sutton (clerk).

INSI7ECiOR WANTED AT EsANKEIr.

_ The CLERK stated that he had received a reply from the Chief Constable of Preston, with regard to the appointing of an Inspector at Sankey to issue 'Mentes for the removal of pip, stating that the matter should receive attention. POLILTON-NT ITIL•FEARNII IA D. NEW SEWAGE SCHEME ADOPTED.

The SURVEYOR submitted ta—the-&-taz-ciran entirely new scheme for the disposal of the sewage from Poulton-with-Fearnhead. Ile said that the last scheme was prepared in 1905 since which time there had been many changes. In the first case the original treatment site proposed had been built upon and rendered unsuit- able and secondly importabt and improved methods bad been found which materially altered the ideas regarding the treatment to be adopted for Poalton, at the same time making it possible for a gravitation system. Ills proposals were to gravitate the whole of the township sewerage to the south end of the field. adjoining Paddington hock, that being the only point where the township possessed a direct river outran. From there he would in commend the carrying of a 21 inch pipe touching the east aide of Padgate brook and striking Padgate-lane, at a point opposite the "Mount," continuing the 21 inch sewer along the south footpath to the junction of Tidy-lane, then a 21 inch pipe passing under the level crossing through the fields to the l'ost Office. Ile would continue that size to Fearnhead Cross with a 15 inch pipe some 400 yards up Cinnamon-lane reducing with a birch pipe to Blaokbrook and continuing with a Sin. pipe to Cinnamon-brow. The levels he had chosen for the main could collect sewage from part of Blackbrook-lane, hearnhead-lane to about the hind Brooch /teen., the whole of the village and also the length from Padgate Bridge to the " Mount." Ile also recommended that an additional sewer should be laid to the annul castledl across the fields to the " Grange," but that it should not be taken into this main. The railway company would have to be approached with regard to the enlverting at Tidy-lane crossing. He estimated the coat of the piping as £4,611 is, which did net include the treatment system which would probably cost a further £2,000. The scheme was adopted by the Council on the proposition of Er. MURRAY seconded by Mr. W., Mums.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
IA B

MR. A. H. GROSFIELD DISTRIBUTES BOWLING PRIZES.

TORY PARTY "BA]

Another of those excellent smoking concerts which have become such a highly-appreciated feature of the social life of the Liberal Club was held on Monday evening. The occasion was the distribution of the prizes gained in recent bowling competitions and the announcement that Mr. A.. H. Croefield would be present was sufficient to arouse a marked degree of interest in the event. A large audience gave Mr. Ciosfield a splendid rseeption and listencd with close attention to his capital speech on commit politics A pleasant surprise was the visit of Mrs. John CI °afield, of Colwyn Boy, who was warmly cheered on entering the roam and, to the satisfaction of all, acceded to a request that she sh old present the prizvs.

Alderman TrNsioN presided and amongst others present were :—Councillor and Mrs J T Locker, Mr and Mrs T Pemberton, Mr and Mrs Joseph Wilkinson, Mr aucl Mrs James Critchley, Mr W Bibby, Mr and Mra Thomas Critchley, Mr and Mrs P H Brown, Mr and Mrs George Bowman, Mr T Locker, Mr F Lindley, Mr W Hayes, Mr and Mrs H New, Mr E A Sanders, Mr P Delaney and Mr F Walker (secretary of the bowling section). The musical programms was well up to the high standard always associated with these concerts. It included songs by Mrs E A Sanders, Miss A C Wilkinson, Mr W Critchley, Mr Ernest Walker and Mr L Aukland, all of wham were in excellent voice and gave very creditable renderings of their respective items. The Orpheus Quartette (Messrs R W Cook. W Critehley, E Walker and L Aukland) were heard to ' distinct adVant Igo in their selections which were characterised by taste and expression. Humorous ' songs by Mr W Farrington proved popular. Mr Wfl Payton, lies. Bac , accompanied with his usual skill. Alderman TINN lON, in extending a welcome to Mrs. 1 John Croafield, said Liberalism in Warrington had no warmer friend. [hey had many evidences of her generosity and kindness in Warrington and they were delighted that she had come amongst them that evening. (Applause). Mrs. CROSFIELD thon presented the prizes as follows: —President's handicap I, If Tobin, marble clock; 2, R. Kerr; 3, J. IV. Rigby; 4, F. Cleaton ; 5, W. Hayes; 8, C. Jordan; 7, C. H. Hibbert ; 8, J. Gibson; 9, J. Allender ; 10, CI. Simpson; 11, E. A. Sanders; 12, J. T. Saab. Cap competition: 1. H. Cook, Crosfield Cup and medal; 2, T. O'Brien ; 3, B. Webb; 4, T. Critcbley ; 5, J. Smith ; 5, 11. Greening; 7, R. Barron; 8, C,Algie. _ .

„ Alderman TlNsiov, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mrs. Crosfield, said it was always cheering and helpful to the Liberals of Warrington to know that they had her sympathy and good wishes, but it was much better to be favoured with her presence. They owed her many debts of gratitude and her kindly action that evening made one more. (Applause). Mrs. CROSIIELD thanked the audience sincerely for their warm welcome and assured them that it was a great pleasure to her to be present. The prizes were a most beautiful c Mention and she congratulated those who had been fortunate enough to win them. Alderman Tinuion would forgive her saying that he must have been in Ireland and kissed the Blarney stone —(laughter)—but at the same time she greatly appreciated his kind remarks. (Applause). Mr. A. 11. CROSFIEI.I,, who was enthusiastically received, prefaced his speech with some impressions of Madame Albania farewell concert at the Albert Hall —a concert notable for the appearance of such old favourites as Madame Patti and Sir Charles Smiley. '1 remember ” said Mr. Crosfield 'going to hear Sir Charles thirty years ago in Manchester and I thought he was simply superb, but my father s iid ' Ah, you should have heard him when he was young '— (laughter)— ; rather like the lines in " Punch "on Lord Balsbury and whit he was siying in fifty years' time. (Laughter.) But I assure you I seldi in had a mare perfect musical treat than in hearing Sir Charles at the farewell concert give U 9 the ever-popular songs 'To Anthea," Maid of Athens ' and ' Simon the Cellarer.' Turning to p liticil affairs, Mr. Crosfield said that since last he addressed a gathering at the Liberal Club there had been very striking events We had been

MAKING MiTORY.

(Hear, hear). At home the most important political achievement had been the passing of the Veto Bill, which had bad two great results. In the firet place, lit had put the Liberal party in a position t-) carry its measures—not, even now, quite on a par with the position occupied by the Conservatives, but still it was one which they could hold with self-respect. (Hear, bear.) Further he felt absolutely convinced that if the Government had failed to carry that measure, they wonld have received from their Conservative friends promises of a reformed Second Chamber, and that reform would have been whittled down in such a way as to leave the Liberals in an impotent position. Consequently, as the years ran on the great Liberal party in England would have suffered discredit and lost prestiga. Without labour- ing the matter, he ventured to tell Tory friends of his in Warrington—and he had still a few, in spite of politicial fisticuffs—(laughter and applause)—that they might be precious thankful that there had been a Liberal party to save the representatives of the democracy from being placed in a position which Englishmen, is the long run,would not have tolerated. (Applause,) The passing of the Veto Bill gave the Liberals power to see that the reconstitution of the House of Lords was on

A SOUND, SENSIBLE AND DEMOCRATIC BASIS. (Applause.) Another matter of the first magnitude in polities was the fact that this great, energetic Government had now grappled with the whole question of national insurance. (Applause.) " For my part " continued Mr. Crosfield " I look upon this wonderful scheme as not second in imp wtance, in fact even more far reaching in its effect on the nation as a whole than that great and beneficent measure—the Old Age Pension Act. (Applause) I honestly think the Chancellor of the Exchequer did not exaggerate I when be said it was the greatest measure of social reform that has been passed in this country—and it will be passed—(applause)—since the repeal of the Corn Laws. What strikes me as being so fine about this Insurance Bill is the cumulative benefit that the nation gets out of it. It is going to be a blessing to people in so many ways. It will do an immense service in rivetting public attention on the question of the health of the people. In London that is an urgent and pressing question, for we have at the present time 300,000 people living in single-room tenements in the Metropolis. You have only to con- sider a fact like that to realize that my old friend Sir John Brunner—(applause)—does not exaggerate when he speaks of the black mass of misery which lies at the foundation cf the social system of so many of our modern indastrial communities. (Hear,hear.) We, as Liberals, have to get rid of that; and here yen have a direct, practical step by that courageous, bold and enterprising man, the Chancellor of the Exchequer—(applause)—who is cutting at this tangle in the jungle, clearing a road and making social reform a reality. (Applause.) There has been such a lot of lip service to social reform for many years past, that one would have expected general support for a measure like that. And there was for a time. They began by blessing the Bill in the House of Commons, and then a lot of Conservatives went about the country cursing it up hill and down dale. (Laughter) They have been doing the same thing about Home Rule. They were nearly blessing that a year ago in many of the Tory organs in London. They did more •han coquet with Home Rule and we shall not forget to quote some of the things they said when we come to discuss the question late on. But, turning from our party and all the practical work that is being done, to the other party, what do we find ? I may say that in all my political experience I have never seen a party no

BAFFLED AND BROKEN,

so beaten in argument, so bereft Of a policy as tbe Tory party is at the present time. (Applause). I admit there is no end of amusement to be derived from their situation. We are entitled to get all the fun we I can out of it when we see them trying to put salt on Mr. Balfour's tail and indulging in a•' chivy " chase after their own leader (laughter )I am waiting to hear

1111; 111.1111 ER 1. ,110 111111 T. P 1•1 tell us who the h-ader is (Laughter) I think it le the least be can do for the Tories in Warrington to let them know whom they are following. (Laughter). At present they seem all awry." (Laughter). Passing on to the question of Remo Rule, Mr Crosfield said they were guile ready for the diatribes and the

===== 0002601_19111104_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
TLRRIBLE PROPHECIES

that would be scattered about Warrington before long with reference t) that topic. lie could imagine the kind of perfervid speech they would have in the Debating Society from his &LI friend Yr. Carleton.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
7LED AND, BEATEN."

(Laughter.) But those tactics would not do. We bad hod that kind of thi og now for twenty years, and when he remembered how nften his father used ti say " You may sum up Toryism if you say that to a large extent it is selfishness," he thought they would not be far wrong if they threw in pretence and prejudice as well. (Hear. bear.) He had never seen any question on which there had been so much pretence or so much effort to , stir up rank racial prejodice and to make political capital out of misrepresentation as on the Home Rule question. There were only 4,500,000 people in Ireland to-day— there used to be 8,000,000 - but the Irish nation over-seas numbered something like 20,000,000. There was not a President of the United States or a single statesman bidding for office in that great Republic of the West who had not to take into account the opinion of the 17,000,000 Irish-born or Irish-descended people there. Did they think that from an Imperial point of view we stood to strensthen the Empire by cultivating ill relation, with them? The Conservatives were very keen on quoting the G lonian but they appeared to forget Colonial opinion on (Mr. question. The Colonials, as loyal as we ourselves were to England and the Empire, were to a man in favour of thie reasonable devolution. (Applawe). Anoth-r important cons,deration was that only last week the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposi- tion had been dwelling on the fact that our legislators at Westrningter had

YORE ON THEIR SHOULDERS THAD THEY COULD CARRY. Parliament was crnsested. That was not a party assertion—it was admitted, n all hands. Mr. Asquith said it was with the greatest r, luetance that he con- sented to an Autumn sessile, and Mr. Balfour quoted Mr. Gladstone's statement that there was no Parlia- ment in the world that was as over-worked as our own House of Commons. If that was the position, did it not seem a little carious that we should go out of our way to recites to take the first opportunity which a sensible measure of devolution gave to relieve the Rouse? Personally he had not the slightest doubt that that measure of Home Rule would be constructed no as to fit iu with further devolution in the form of

SET ERNMENT FOR SCOTLAND AND WALES. (Hear, bear;. When people told him that spelt disintegration and the weakening of the Empire, he replied " You might as well accuse a Lancletrian of being disloyal to the Empire because he takes a pride in the County of the red rose." (Applause). Could not people take a natural pride in the particular part of the world in which they lived and at the same time have a wider feeling of loyally to a great Empire like ours ? (Applause.) The aseumption to the contrary was one of the myths and illusions which the Conservatives tradrd on (Applause.) Mr. Croafield concluded with a tribute to the excellence of the musical ptogramme and an expression of satistaction at the presence of Mts. John Crosfielti.

' Mr. W. BIBBY proposed a vote tf thanks to Mr. A. H. Crosfild for his presence. He referred to the debt which the people of Warrington owed Mr. Cresfield from an educational point of view. As a serious politician, he had given them more hints and sound advice than any other politician he (the speaker) could remember. His speeches were always well worth liwening to and his letters to the Press were splendid, showing that he had a thorough grasp of all questi ins pertaining to the welfare of the country, (Applause.) Politics apart, no man in Warrington boa done so much as Mr. Crosfield to encourage young men to take part in games and sports which were greatly to their advantage. (Applause) The vote was passed with acclamation. Mr. ORO,FILI 11, in returning thanks, assured the gathering that he was taking the same deep interest in politics as he did when be had the honour of representing the borough in Parliament. (Applause.) To him politics became a more interesting study every year because as time went on they had further evidence of that practical, constructive statesmanship which appealed to him because be felt it was

GE7TING AT Mt HOMES AND tires OF THE PEOPLE. (Applause) The work which the Government had already done and the further reforms it had in hand must have a direct and indirect effect on the physical, moral and intellectual welfare of every homestead in the country. (Hear, bear.) That put politics on a very high plane indeed and gave them a claim upon one's energies and enthusiasm as long as one had the honour and the capacity to be able to clay any part whatever in public life. (Applause.) " It is that " added Mr. Crosfield " which keeps me just as cheerful as I was when you had the kindness to Rend me to Westminster. (Applause.) I am not talking of those times as if they were gone for ever. (Applause.) We shall have a bone to pick with some of our friends a little bit later en - (hear, hear) - and we are setting our hicise well in order. And while Mrs. Crosfield is here, may I tell her in your same, as well asia my own, how very valuable is the kind, eenerous and sincere support that she is giving to the Liberal cause in Warrington—(app'ause) as sincere as the help which my father himself gave when he was with us." (Applause.) . . . . . . . .

A vote t,f thanks to the' aitti.tes Concluded a nmst successful gathering. A word of praise is due to Mr. E. A. Sanders and Mr. F. Walker for the excellence of the arrangements.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
NERVES AND NEURALGIA.

Go to any chemist and obtain one ounce of Alvexo, ODO ounce of Glycerine, add half an ounce of Tincture of Gentian. Poor these into a six-ounce bottle and fill op with water. The dose is a teaspoonful three ;or four times doily, in water if preferred. In severe cases take a done hourly until relieved. This very simple mixtore will cure the worst possible attack of nerves, neuralgia, sleeplessness, headache, and itimilar ailments arising from a run- down state of health, will entirely remove " that tirei feeling," and promote digestion and good spirits.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
LIQUOR IN NEW ZEALAND.

The Dominion's Chance to " Co Dry."

In accordance with the Licensing Act passed by the New Zealand Parliament last year, the coming elections in New Zealand will be accompanied by a poll on the liquor question which might result in the Dominion as a whole declaring for prohibition. The Licensing Act of 1910 was a great advance on the local option system which had been in use since early in the nineties. Under the old system, districts were enabled to decide triennially whether they would have no change in the number of licences, rrduction, or abolition. The 1910 Act cuts out the reduction isene, retains the other legal option provisions, and adds means for establishing prohibition throughout the Dominion. Local prohibi- tion will be voted for on separate ballot papers, and in each case a three-fifths majority will be needed to make the change. Under local prohibition all bars I in " dry " districts have been closed, but residents in them have been legally entitled to have as much liquor as they please in their haulm. Under Dominion prohibition, ouches may be now established, it will be contrary to law to " import, make, have, or sell" alcoholic liquor except for scientific or medical purposes. An examination of the results of local option polls: in the pest shows that the "no licence " policy has been steadily gaining. Twelve out of a total number of 76 districts have decided on " LO licence." In 1968 the six districts previously under " no licence " voted against restoration of licences, six new districts came into the " dry " area, seven carried reduction, and no fewer than 38 had a plain majority for "no licence," but not the necessary three-fifths. Altogether 182 licences have been abolished, reducing the pro- I portion from one licence for every 34.4 persons to one for every 721.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
A GIRL'S PRIZE STORY WRITER.

The prize of £250 offered by Messrs. Casaell last antlmn for the best story for girle has, we l"sea from the "Bookman," been won by Miss Dorothy .t Beckett Terrell, whose novel "Sister-in-Chief," is to appear serially in the "Girl's Realm" before it comes oat in book form. Miss a Beckett Terrell, who has contributed a good deal to magazines since her Bret two short Istoriea made their appearance is "Temple Bar," is a great-granddaughter of Gilbert a Beckett, who wrote the Comic Histories of England and of Rome, had • large share in the fooodieg of "Punch," and was for many years one of the most brilliant of its staff. She also claims descent from 'I homes A Beckett, the martyred Archbishop.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RA L CLUB.

LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

TERRITORIAL AMENDMENT BILL

PASSED.

The Compulsory Service Questi on.

The question of home defeoce occupied the attention of the Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society on Tuesday evening, when the Minister for War (Captnio 11. G. Robertaffutrodoced hie Territorial Army Amendment Bill. The provisions af the measure, which were given in full in last week's " Examiner," include • more exacting standard of requirement. front the Territori els, accompanied by pay for all drills put in. Considering the Importance of the topic, the attendance on bath sides of the House was disappointingly small. The MINISTER cult WAR said the Government were confronted vrith two questions (ii W. • home defence army necessary in addition Issue expeditionary army ; (2) What amount of training should that army receive and of what number of men should the force consist? Taking the slower to the first question in the affirmative, the 'viewer to the second was not quite at easy, as they had to remember that the British Dies wire essentially a ci,umerci,l cent,e and the conditions of servi.e ruin be framed to interfere as little as possible with the various trades and more varied interests. The Government hod tried to devise a scheme whioh would allow of an adequate number of men being enrolled for home defence • and if the training were honestly carried our, it would ensure the force being a real one, and something more than. mere paper asset. Fr r some reason, Ireland had never bad a volunteer force, and under the Territorial scheme it bad never been trusted to provide any of the units. The Government had decided that Ireland should be treisted—(applauge)—and quite rightly so, for Inhale a I:tiers—end there were thoulands of them—were some of the finest in the British army. (Applause.) Captain Roberts then dealt with the proposals of the Bill that each divilioo should be com- manded by • regular general offiaer' and each brigade by • regulsr offioer not below the rank of Colonel and that all comb Want officers should be reqroi ed to attend • class of instruction in musketry at Brim. With regard to drills, it was proposed that recruits should have to put in at leaet nO instead of 10, during their flast year, and as that worked out at only a little over one drill per week, it was not much to expect of n roan who was going to be paid for attend- ing a certain proportion of them. The drills for trained men would be 40, es against 10 at present, and those were few enough to keep them trained in the use of their rifles and for the purp-ose of discipline. All ranks would have to attend the annual training for the full period of 15 days and the experi. ence of the local battalion showed that that could easily be done. When the Werrington battalion formed pert of the field army brigade in the old volunteer days, from 1900 until the year before the Territorial scheme came into force, they took as an average 99 per cent, of their total strength to camp for the whole fifteen dam The Bill further provided that separation %How- ere, should be paid to nil N.C.O.'s and men attending camp. Another innovation was the payment for drills at the rate of two drills equal one day's army pay without allowances. To-day the officers and men got absolutely nothing for the work they put in voluntarily. They had no encourage- meet, exsept the privilege of wearing a red coat at ceremonial parades. Ifs Territorial Army was required, he maintained that the cost-try ought to pay tor it. (Hear, hear) Under the Bill they did not pay for the whole of the work but only for • proportion. Person- ally he would liko to see all the drills paid for on that basis. A proposal which they believed would make for the efficiency of the force was the allocation of one sergeent-inetructor to each company. Adjutants would also have a greater inducement to raise the discipline, morale and general tone of their respective unita by the payment of a bonus, equal to Cr') a year. Hullo ranges would be provided within reason- able distance of the headquarter, of every infantry regiment. At present the Warrington battalion had to go to Altar to flee a musketry course once a year and the only additional practice provided was on the miniature range at the Drill Hall. That, he con- tended, was not generally sufficient to mote good marksmen. Finally the Bill enacted that permanent summer camps should be organised where men could fire and drill, on full pay, on Sat urdajs and Sundays; at least one of these week-end camps to be undertaken before the annual training. Dealing with the question of coat. the War Mi later said Imperial Parliament voted £2,660,000 for the year 1910-11 for the Territorial Forceand that included £28,000 for the Channel Islands and Col inial Militia. That worked out at £i 00,000 for each of the II divisions, Toe additional three divisions on that basis would cost an extra sum of .070,000, and the pay suggested would bring the further expenditure up to nbout £1,000,000. If the replirements of the Bill were carried out the Force would be able to take the field within a few weeks of the liesile of mobiliza- tion orders, with a fair chance of putting up a decent show against any armv that might land on these shores. To-dav the Territorial Force was not what it ought to be. That "zooid not be expected, with the present inadequate training and comparatively small number of drills The Bill was designs i to remedy the present deficiencies' and he hoped the House would pass it unnnimonsly. (Applause). Mr. P OtRI EN (Chief Secretary for Ireland) seconded the adoption of the Bill. He strongly combated the assumption that increased interest ire the Territorial force tended to foster the spirit of militarism, and said his experience of soldiers who had gone through a war was that they were quiet and unassuming about their ono achievements and far from bloodthirsty in disposi- tion. Ile believed that if the Territorial force was extended to Ireland, the inhabitants would rise— (Opposition laughter and spolause)—to the conVence reposed in them—(Miniatertal applause) and form diviaions worthy of the beet traditions of Irish soldiers throughout the world. (Applause.) Mr. J. MCDERMID (C., Paisley), in moving the usual Opcosition Amendment to defer the reading of the Bill, said he reoognised the measure an a serious con- tribution to a serious and moment°so qusstion which ought not, ender any circumstances, to beoonse a party question. 2 he introduction of Ireland in the first clause was somewhat peculiar, as he understood legislation was pending under which Ireland would have power to raise a Territorial Force herself. The Minister for War mid that for some reason or other Ireland had hitherto been excluded from the Territorial scheme. Perhaps his proto-type in the Imperial Parliament could give him the meson. The proposed week-end camps were a rather novel experiment to come from the Liberal side of the House. He thought it must have shocked the delicate susceptibilities of the" undo guid " and rigidly righteous gentlemen whom he was disappointed not to see present that night. (Langhter.) If the Bill bad come from the Conservatives, he could imagine the withering scorn of the Liberal Chancellor of the Exchequer and the peroration of the Prime Minister. (Laughter.) Mr. N. Nisto (C., Newton) seconded the amendment. While fully conscious of the great benefits resulting from Territorial training, he thought the Government would have been well advieed in going the whole hog and adopting a compulsory eystem. The question of national defence most not be played with, for it was becoming more important every day, BE Germany, France, Japan and other countries developed their military strength. England had been somewhat want- ing in not facing the qiiestiou at an earlier stage. There was only one way out of the difficulty—to adopt either the National Service League suggestion or a sort ' of conscription. The Plane MINISTER (Mr, E. Wynne-Jones): That is corecription.

Mr. NMI,: Well, it is practically the game thing. ("Question.") To increase the number of drills would only make the conditions more onerouu for those who were willing to come forward and serve thi ir oonntry. Mr. B. S.Tcovethor. (I.,Utintham), slid all Territorials must support the Bill, for it would make the Territ rti Force a much more living thing. At present attend- ance at drilla and psrades was too often somewhat depressing. The Bill would maim a great step ahead by providing a more continuous rriod of training. Therefore it should command the sympathy of advocates of compulsory militAry training. The extension of the Territorial For. to Ireland we what the National Service Leegue proposed in their compulsory scheme and they would be only too glad if Territoriol division' were formed in that country, as it would greatly help their work in the future. Worth he eopported the Bill,he contended it oval not just to allow the physical sod moral benefits of military training to be given only to the few. It would also be a more liberal thing if the molly blre the burden which at present fell on the backs of the few. The trouble in Morocco and the sudden attack by Italy on Tripoli bad made the Liberal Government think whether some ohlnge in our defences shoot in It, after all, be brought abut,. Tao " Westrainste• 0 izetts " which up to three weeks sgo trok a very strong line against compulsory barrios was now singing quite a diff irent tune, and he heard the rumour in Load in last week that next year Lord Ilaldaoe w.iuld resign and Colonel Surly, a former messier of the islstional Service League, would take his place. Toon some form of compels on would be introduced, for only by that means could they get OUOLIO,IOUI training before ths emergency arose and, in the opinion of many, the numbers tbst were required. Lord Held recent statement that the Territorial Force might come to he founded on a compulsory basis had &Is e • great signiff awe. It was very possible that within the next two years the Liberal 0 rvernm rut w raid formers the voluntary basis for our Terri anal Army and rearm to some form of compulsion. The pram,. Bill was a mania rent attempt to strengthen the Territorial Force and a •tepping stone towards national service, which meta adequate home defence. Mr. ROONEY Iliraenhearl) said every young man in England should he able to use the rifle. At the tine of the Boer war many who volunteered were not properly qualified marksmen and they had only • few days to go through • course of training. Under the new scheme he believed there would be a great accession of interest in the Territorial Force and the extra £1,000,000 would be well spent. Mr. J. ALoorugit (N, Mid Tyrone) sapparted the exteesion of the Territorial force tre Ireland but cone tende I that the increase In the number of drilla would he a hardship t o many young men, both in agri- cultural and Indust:ill districts, lie thought the pro- posal to grant a separation allowance to ECU.', and men would rethlt in, (platter willingness to attend ramp for the full period. At present • married man with a family could not aff ird to go to camp for Is. per day. The speaker also csetandei that the sergeant major, as well as the adjutant of each battalion, should receive s bonus. Mr. J. Al. JOHNSTONE (C, Perth) said the Liberal Government had repeatedly declared that no army could land on our shores unless thenavy was absolutely blown to pieces. If that were so, it would only he memory for the attacking force to send one man here to negotiate the terms on which they would allow our corn ships to piss through. The present Bill, however, was an admission that a Territorial force was necessory. Personally, he now no ressou why Ireland should rise is revolt when, few rifles were Pent over there ; but on the other hand he thought that c itintry hod more need for Territorial discipline than England. Ith contended that it would not be to the advantage of the force to lay all the areal on the officers' skill in musketry, as other sides of the training might suffer. A course at Myths would &Is, be no expensive matter. In the awarding of bonuses it was not fair that the Hon-corp. missioned officers, upon whom tha bulk of the work fell and who created the esprit de corps in a bat all's, should be overlooked. . _

Mr. A. Hohnser (1,, High NM) congratulated the Miniati r for War upon having omitted the compulsory element from the Bill. Such a system', be contended, would moan a dislocation of industry and would also be !a stimulus ta alien iminigrati in, as there would be. ' temptation to employers to engage men who were not liable to be taken from their work for several months' training. Mr. C. JORNiTONE (1., Dumfries) raid the Bill con- tented the domeotic affsira of the Territoriol Army, and he thought the Hoots was scarcely competent to diituas it. f10w5,,,, it was being until m a peg on which to hang sermons in furtherance of the aims of the National Service League, lie wits a rec.oot convert ! to notional service, because he regarded it as something in the nature of a huge Sandow institute—a no iguiflcent machine for physical development. It was for that reason pure and simple that he sopported it, and not for the reason that we ought to have a lighting force to repel invasion. lie was afraid the supporters of the National Sergio° beeps 0 bad their eyes on the ends of the earth." They bed been trying to frighten us with the bogey about Turkey and Tripoli but he did not think the events in that part of the worl I were likely to be repavei within the sphere of Engleni. If we were called upon to light in any of our Colonies, what was the regular army for ? The National Service Leagiters seemed to be rather short.eighted. They said " Give as a huge navy which will be adequate to defend our shores" and et the same time they demanded a huge army which would be adequate to repel any invasion. Why should we went both 1 Mr. MACKIIII (C., N. Fermanagh) said the Bill did not go far enough. The National Service League offered wonderful advantages, if they could only get the proper Government in power to carry them out. (Laughter.) If the League's scheme were put in operation we should have far less consumption and other dread diseases. One drawback to the Territorial system was that the ordinary private had not mu t chance of rising to the top of the tren. The NIINISTY.R FOR WAR, in replying to the discus- sion, contended that in all probability the pay pro - pestle of the bill would secure enlistment to the full establishment strength. At the present lime the country would not accept compulaory service without • great deal of turmoil and upheaval. The people were not ripe for it. The PRIDAI MINISTRR : And never will be. The MINISTILR FOR WAR: That in • matter of opinion. If the Bill went through, he continued, it would help to educate the people In National Ser•ice League ideas a great deal more than wan possible by the holding of meetings. The Bill, on being put to the House, was carried tire, CON.

LIVERPOOL CATHEDRAL BUILDING FUND. LARGE SUBSCRIPTIONS AS A RESULT OF ARCHBISLOP'S VISIT.

The response to an appeal for further funds in con- nection with the Liverpool Cathedral building scheme has been more than .V 26,000. Lord Derby and Mr. T. Fenwick Harrison are vubscribing £5,000 each, Sir A.H. Brown and Mr. Heath Harrison £2,000 each, and Miss Watt, Mr. and Mrs Knelt, ;and Mrs. Morrison ELMO each. Mr. Arthur Earle ihav promised to give another £lO,OOO if .00,000 is raised within Bre years. These subscriptions, with many other large amounts, followed on • visit on Tuesday of the Archbishop of Canterbury.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
The Quaker Oats Sealed Packet is your assur- ance of purity and food value: it is moisture- proof, dust-proof; odour-proof.

The Quaker Packet preserves the appetising Quaker Flavour for you.

OATS ARE PROVED by the National Food Enquiry Bureau's investigation of homes and institutions to make bigger, brainier children, and heartier parents.

Quaker Oats does not ovetheat the blood.

thirty days' trial of Quaker Oats is convincing.

No dust and d. rt tdin .....t in this tictiled I...krt. t; .TFII:=Ibk QUAKER 4 II - -•--- Mil • A :PP ...; i ;'; , , ' en,. :( Ot Eli itallA TS NOggl-Pll-15 —.—

===== 0002601_19111104_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
CORPORATION Acrs cos rs.

The St. Helens Carporation Act, 1911, which is now being pet in operation in the bar.)uth, is reported by the Town Clerk (llr. W. I.i. Andrews) to hare cost £2,400. The Veisurer hsa teen ina.ructei to borrow the amount in aocordsoce ,rith the ['levers given the Corporation by the AM.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
, 4.. 0 ,7‘ • cs ,ci

NOTES BY " MUST."

What the Colonials did on Wednesday, Warrington are expected to do to-day, Le., win at Swinton ' As about twenty of the Warrington players witnessed the math they should have picked up a point or two which might be useful to-day. Australasia won by 28 points to 9, which is rather a big feat for Warring- ton to emulate, but they should certainly be equal to beating the Blues by a fair margin. Last year, War- rington beat the Blue. at Warrington by a try to nil, hut lost at Swintos point, to nil. They are playing better football to-day, and with the Blues handicapped by injuries to Dai Davies and D. B. Davies there should be no doubt about the result.

I hope Warrington will not make the mistake of Thinking they can win the match when they want. The policy should be to put "all in" right from the kick-off, and thus secure a nvirgin in the first half. lithe weather keeps fine then Warrington will profit by playing the open passing game. They have strength forward and pace behind, and if the b3ll is only flung about in the style of the Colonials, points will come. By the way. Creevey might very well try the Colonial method of running round the pack with the apparent intention of getting the centre and wing going, and then pass inside t a forward Ike Thomas or Arnold who is good in the loose. The t,ick needs to be arranged beforehand to be effective. At'Xivat rind Cann, or Courtney, play it to rare purpose, and only last Saturday at Warrington Jones and Roman showed that they had picked up the move. In fact it came off so well that Warrington were more than lucky to escape having a try recorded under their posts at s critical period in the game. Creevey is a'' brainy " player and the idea should appeal to him.

The Warrington team will be stronger to day than it was last week, and the return of Brookes should make a lot of difference. Then, too, Dickenson has been brought back to the threequarter line in place of Unsworth, who has never played a decent game since the opening match of the season. George is admittedly slow, but he is safe and sure on defence, and from the available material there is no better eboice. Bradshaw has been promoted to the forwards in place of Skelhorue, while Brocklehnrst is still on the sick list.

Team : Tilley, full back Waywell, Braejahaw, Dickenfon and Woodburn threequarters ; Brookes and Creevey, half backs ; Thomas, Johnston, Shugars Chestere, Arooll and Bradshaw, forwards.

Last Saturday's match at Warrington was fall of -thrills, for though Warrington finished op with a comfortable margin of 16-7. they were not really safe till the whistle sounded. Rochdale played a robust and clever game—in fact they played better fcotball than Warrington —but the bulk of the scoring was on the Fide of the lccsla who made up for lack of com- bination by dash, and took every oppotrunity that came. The meat remarkable feature of the game was the way in which the five Rochdale forwards beat the Warrington six for possession in the pack. What with poor heeling out on the Warrington side, and Daintith fumbling at the bare of the pack, Creevey was practically a passenger. I never saw a stand-off half get the ball so seldom, and yet Warrington scored four tries to one. Jones and Baxter played a great game for the losers, and the three-quarters must have got through .more than once but for the pace of men like Waywel!, Bradshaw and Woodburn.

The effect of having three speedy men in the Warringlon three-quarter line was noticeable through- out, and thougb the combination was poor, the men were much more dangerous than in most of the previous games this season. Bradshaw has come on in great style, and bids fair to make a better centre than wing. He runs well, handles well, and tackiest well. I wish him luck. Woodburn played a better game, and showed a capacity for beating his man and making play that has been lacking in his earlier displays Waywell was capital, and his pace and pluck were often in evidetce even after be had been badly shaken in ecoring a dashing try at the corner.

The League table up to date is as follows : For. Against. Per- P. W. L. D. G. T. P. 0. T. P. ent'se Witz'B 7 1 0... 24 28 132... 510 40 8750 Halifax 8 6 0 2... 11 22 88... 6 7 33 87.50 Hull K. ft— 7 6 1 0... 21 16 90... 6 3 21 85•71 liudderefl'ld 8 6 1 1... 25 47 191... 9 13 57 81.25 Broughton 7 5 2 0... 14 11 61... 8 9 43 71.42 Widnes Wakefleld T 8 5 2 1... 16 27 113... 11 10 52 68 75 Warrington 9 6 3 0... 11 18 76... 14 18 82 66-86 Hunslet 8 5 2 1... 18 21 99... 12 7 45 66.66 Oldham 9 5 3 1... 21 35 147... 20 27 121 6111 St. Helens 7 4 3 0... 12 23 93... 9 10 48 5714 Dewsbury 7 4 3 0... 13 13 65... 12 19 81 5714 Weighley Salford 8 4 3 1... 9 21 81... 16 16 80 5625 Rochdale H. 8 4 4 0... 15 19 87... 11 24 94 5000 Leigh 9 4 5 0... 17 22 100... 17 18 88 4444 York Leeds 8 3 5 0... 10 19 77... 15 23 99 j 7.50 Hull lO 3 6 1... 18 30 126... 16 18 86 3500 Barrow Runcorn Coventry Batley Swinton 8 2 6 0... 7 11 47... 18 20 96 2100 Bnmlev Ebbw Vale 8 0 6 2... 7 7 35... 23 34 148 1250 Bradford

The" A " team met with an unexpected reverse at Ttochdale by 11-3, and lam told that it was largely due to the poor display of Kenny at centre. The 'Westinghouse youth has never improved, and Warrington are wasting time with lads of his class. "Vernon shaped well, and Dickenson was as safe as -the bank at full back. Cooper a new forward, played a capital game, and should make headway.

The "A" team to-day against Swinton "A" will be: Jordan, full honk; Clare, Vernon, Unsworth, and Povev, threequarters; Lloyd and Daintith, half backs; Cooper. Skelborne, Newton, Critchley, Robinson and Gibbs, forwards.

learn that both Carter and Taylor are making good -progress towards recovery, and the former is expected to be right again in another week.

Papakara is back in LNldon again, and he has sent a letter to the Warrington Committee expressing gratitude for the treatment he received and apprecia- tion of the sportsmanship of the Warrington players and spectators.

"To-day's matches are LANCASHIRE CUP—SECOND ROUND. Wigan v. St Helens. 'Widnes v. Coventry. -Broughton Rochdale H. Oldham v. Leigh. NORTHERN LEAGUE. Barrow v. Salford. 'Bradford v. Hunslet. Dewsbury v. Brumley.

Huddersfield v. Kingston Rovers. Leeds v. Batley. Swinton v. Warrington. Wakefield Trinity • Halifax. York v. Ebbw Vale.

COLONIAL TOUR. Aqst alian% v. Hull, at Hull.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
10T1374L1: A,") IttLETt"

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

Results of Saturday's Matches.

YORKSHIRE SENIOR CUP.—SEcon, Rot:Nn.

0. T. P. G. T. P. Leeds 11 ueslet . 3 6 24 Bradford N'tb'n 3 1 9 Hull K Hovers 3 315 York Huddersfield Wigan ..

AUSTRALASIANS TOUR.

2 1 7 Atietralastans ... 1 0 2 NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

Coventry 2 2 10 St.Belene 1 2 8 Keighley Oldham 6 8 33 Swiston Ilmughton Rang. 3 3 15 Barrow Leigh Warrington 2 4 16 Rochdale 11 2 1 7 Salford 2 3 13 Ruloorn 2 1 7

YQRKSHIRE COMBINATION. 1 Featheratone R 20 Huddersfield A 12 Batley A —. ...... 0 4 12 Hunslet A Wakefield A 5 9 37 Purston W.H 0 0 0 LANCASHIRE COMBINATION. Leigh A 0 1 3 Widnes A 0 0 0 Rochdale H A...... 11 Warrington A — 8 St. He lens A —— 16 Pemberton — 9 Oldham A 8 Swinton A Salford A

===== 0002601_19111104_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington v. Rochdale Hornets.

The Wirepullers recorded a smart victory on Satur- day at the expense of Rochdale Hornets, though such capable players ao Brooks and Taylor were unable to appear through injuries. Rochdale had a strong team and played a keen game, but found the home defence too strong. The weather was One and a crowd of five thousand assembled, the teams and officials being :- 1 Warrington—Tilley, bock; Way well, Bradshaw, Unsworth, Woodburn, three-quarter backs ; Creevey laud Dainteth, half backs ; Johnston, Thomas, Shtig, tin, Arnold, Cheaters and Skelhorn, forwards. Rochdale hornets—English, back ; Ward, Robinson, 'Baxter and Padden, three-quorter backs ; Schofield and Jones, half backs ; Romans, Fitzsimmons, Dearden, Jenkios, Barton and Woode, forwards. Referee, Mr W W Taylor, Hunslet ; touch judges, Messrs A Cross, St. Helens, and H Heath, Runcorn. Rochdale opened in strong fashion, and good work by both forwards and backs gave the home defence an anxious time. Bradshaw and Waywell were both cheered for fine tackling, but several decisions by the referee did not find favour with the crowd. Warrington had to fall back as the result of penalties, but when Tilley dropped a floe god l from near halfway the cheering broke out afresh. Warrington's front rank proved very aggressive in the loose, and English, the Rochdale custodian, was severely hurt in stopping a rush and took no further part in the game. Baxter took up the rear position and made some fine clearances. Jones and Robinson made a raid into the Warrington quarters and Tilley was hard pressed, but the ball was worked back cleverly by Bradshaw and Creavey. Woodburn got away on the right and punted across the goal. Cheaters followed up at a big pace, and knocking the ball out of Robinson's bands, dribbled over near the posts for Thomas to add a goal Rochdale were not disheartened and their forwards, showing superior scrimmaging powers, soon had the game in the vicinity of the railway goal. Warrington were bard pressed for a lengthy period, and any attempts to clear were well met by Baxter and Robineon. From a penalty granted near the quarter flag Padden placed a goal. This success gave the Rochdale men encourage- ment, and the forwards forcing matters splendidly, Woods got over in splendid fashion. Paddon placing the sides on level terms when he landed the goal. Warrington took the game to beyond the centre fl eg, but were unable to pees Baxter and half-time came with each side having recorded 2 goals and I try, 7 points. The resumption of play saw the home forwards in a very energetic mo d. Twice Shugars burst through in the Rochdale quarter, and Baxter had once to kick out of play to save. Ward relieved with a dribble but Woodburn cut in on the right and then sent the ball along to Bradshaw who ran strongly before passing to Waywell, the latter avoiding Paddon and scoring cleverly at the corner. Thomas made a poor shot at goal from the difficult angle. The Rochdale forwards responded finely, and clever play by Jones, Romans and Robinson saw filley beaten, but Waywell rushed up and saved at the expense of a bad shaking. Jones was very aggressive behind the active Rochdale forwards, and Daintith nearly gave a try away under the posts. Tilley clearing with difficulty. Then Thomas, Johnston and Creevey all had a hand in a movement which led up to Cheaters rushing over for his second try. The issue was now safe, and though Rochdale made sp ismodio bursts they were always held in check. In the last few minutes Bradshaw effected a fine dribble from centre, and punting past Baxter, he raced clear for a grand try, which WU not improved open. Result : Warrington,two goals and four tries (16 points) ; Rochdale Hornets, two goals and one try (7 points).

===== 0002601_19111104_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN'S PLUCKY SHOW AT SALFORD.

An excellent game was witnessed at Weaste between Salford and Runcorn. The 40)0 people present now thrilling football, and after being a couple of points in arrears at the interval Salford rallied grandly, and achieved ultimate success. Play fluctuated consider- ably in the first half. In the first place, Salford predominated, for after Mesley had kicked a penalty I goal Pugsley scored an unimproved try. Then Runcorn showed their best form, and Moran scored. Richardson by kicking the goal placed the scores level. Just on the interval Moran also dropped a goal, the scores at half-time being :—Runcorn 2 goals, I try (7 points), Salford I goal, I try (5 points). In the second half the Runcorn forwards failed to play so well as they had done early on. Salford got more of the ball, and after fifteen minutes W Thomas scored, the goal kick being abortive. Loveluck also ran over, and Manley landed a goal. Result :—Salford 2 goals, 3 tries (13 points), Runcorn 2 goals, I try (7 points). Teams and officials :

Salford—W S John, back ; W Batteraby, %V Thomas A T Lovelock, and B Mesley, three-quarter backs ; E Staveley and May, half hacks ; E J Thomas, It Ritchie„ J Pugsley, C Rees, G Thom, and G Currie, forwards. Runcorn—Richardson, back ; E Cawley, J Moran, G Shaw, and T Deakin, three-quarter backs ; J H Roberts and S Walton, half becks; J A Peacock, Doggett, T A Donoghue, J William, It Massey, and R Padbury, forwards. Referee, Mr J W Whiteley, Wakefield ; touch judger Messrs 11 Ogden, Oldham, and F Crabtree, Rochdale.

WIDNES BEATEN AT HOME. Leigh were visitors to Widnes on Saturday before 4,000 spectators. Early on Widnes got on the attack, and from a scrummage on the line Lally made a nice opening, and then gave to O'Gara, who scored. Jones easily improved. Shortly afterwards Leigh were penalised for off-side, and Jones placed a second goal. Leigh attacked after this, and a strong rush by the forwards ended in Gallop scrambling over. Ganley improved. Half-time :—Widnes 2 goals 1 try (7 points), Leigh 1 goal 1 try (5 points). The second half was all in favour of Leigh. Gaoley intercepted, and put in a short kick over the line, but the race for possession ended in Jones making dead. Tom Johnson received from a flying kick, and after a fine run grounded at the corner. In the last minute of the game Lally bad a futile drop at goal. Result :—Leigh 1 goal 2 tries ;0 points), Widnes 2 goals 1 try 7 points). 'reams and officials : Widnes—Jones, back ; Reid, Daintith, Laws and Swinton, three-quarter tacks ; Lally and O'Gara, half backs; S Aspey, 0 Aspey, Higgins, Johnson, Rigby and Opens, forward.. _ _

Leigh—Bolewski back S Johneon, T Johnson, Atkieson and Neville, three-quarter backs ; Ganley and Jolley, half backs • Lee, Davies, Gallop, Lovre, Marsh, and Barton, forwards. Referee, Mr A Smith, Halifax. Touch judges, Messrs G Robinson, Runcorn, and J Entwiethi, Wigan.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
COVENTRY SURPRISE THE SAINTS.

At Coventry, before 1,500 spectators. Coventry opened the score with a try by Dakin, which Parkinson improved. Carter added a penalty, and Coventry led at half-time by 7 points to nil. 13enyou scored a try soon after the cross over. Pope got over for St. Helena, followed by Flanagan. Turtill put on a penalty goal. St. Helens made deeperate efforts to equalise. Result: —Coventry 2 goals and 2 tries (10 points), St. Helens 1 goal and 2 tries (8 points,

===== 0002601_19111104_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON' A" BRATEN AT ROCRDAT.E.—The " A " team took a weakened side to Rochdale, and were narrowly beaten at the Athletic grounds after a good game. The opening play went in favour of Rochdale, and following good forward work Taylor opened the scoring with an unconverted try. The " Wircpullera " retaliated in effective fashion and after the backs had combined well Povey and Clare scored, Jordan convert- ing the second one. At half-time the visitors led by one goal two tries (eight point") to Rochdale one try (three pointe). In the second half the home aide were more aggressive and Taylor and Gibson notched tries, but in each case the goal kick was a failure. In the closing steam; Jones landed a penalty goal for Roch- dale, who won by 11 points to S points.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHAMPION BAND.

MR A. H. CROSFIELD ENTERTAINS CRYSTAL PALACE VICTORS.

Mrs. John Crostield's Congratulations.

Mr. A. 11. Cro.field entertained the members of the Perfection Soap Works band at the Chapel House Int , Great Sankey, on Saturday, in celebration of their magnificent victory at the Crystal Palace. From the earliest days of the band Mr. Crosfield has taken a keen interest in its rapid rise to national fame, and he was one of the first to extend congratulations on the crowning achievement of a lustrous record of successes. He also expressed a desire to meet the champions at a social function in honour of their Humph and on Saturday they spent a highly enjoyable time as Mr. Crosfield's guests. In the afternoon a bowling main was held, a series of keenly-contested games resulting in the first prize going to J. Fairhurst. Afterwards ea excellent tea was served, and the cele- brations wound up with a smoking concert. Mr. J. Willett presided and sac supported by Mr. A. H. Crosfield, Mr. W. Halliwell (conductor) and Mr. J. Taylor (secretary). During the evening Mrs. John Crosfield, of Colwyn Bay, looked in to congratulate the band and had a remarkably enthusiastic reception

THE THOUSAND GUINEA TROPHY

The beautiful trophy which the band will hold for twelve months was ca view and many were the expressions of admilmtion for this exquisite piece of workmanship A musical programme of exceptional interest was sub-milted by members of the band and other local artistes. During an interval the prizes gained in the bowling main were distributed by Mr. Crosfield. The principal whiners were : —l, J. Fairhurst ; 2, H. Davies ; 3, J. E. Hacking ;4, W. Watch. A few speeches followed. . . . .

Mr. Hslintel' addressed some sound practical advice to the bandsmen. He said that at the presentation of the trophy mention was made of the liability of bands to deteriorate once they had won the championship. They must be determined to prevent anything of that kind, and the only way was by every man doing Ms very best on aqt occasions. The tendency to" ease off "a little bit most be guarded against, for it RBI the little bit that made all the difference. There was plenty of room for improvement, even in the best of binds, for they bad not by any msans exhausted the possibilities of development in braes baud music. (Applause). _ . - .

At this stage Mrs. John Croatiald entered the room and was greeted with cheers. Mr. A. 13. Crorfield, who had just risen to propose " Success to the band," said he was certain that had his father been alive, not a man in Warrington would have felt a deeper or wore permanent aatiefaction and honest pride in the aucceas of Crostield's band than the late Mr. John Croalleld. (Applause). They were, there- fore exceedingiy glad that just before the toast of the

. - t.L:: -, ) , .-A- - -1-' , ~....,, . klpik..."-,7 ~. , c ,t, 'el . _ .' • 4/1..-, , , 1 -, . • ~, . - 1 ' ----r , 1V- • _ ..... __ . • ..:„:;...„...„ lui :_ , —4,,,........w.A.,...., . ia • . 4 At "*•— . •:um. - 1111 M

===== 0002601_19111104_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AUSTRALASIANS' TOUR.

RESULTS TO DATE. Appended are the results of the Australa&ans' matches to date : .

Australasian Opponents 0. T. P. 0. T. P

Sep. 21, at Coventry, Midlands and South 25, at Sheffield, Yorkshire 3 933 2 313 30, at Broughton, Broughton Bangers Oct. 2, at Blackburn. Lancashire 5 525 3 212 7, at Eobw Vale, Wales 5 628 4 420 11, at Widnes, Widnes 14, at St. Helens, St. Helena 2 416 I 1 5 18, at Fulham, England 1 3 11 0 2 6 21, at Hunslet, Hunslet 0 I 3 0 1 3 25, at Everton, North League 2 4IG 0 1 3 28, at Wigan, Wigan 1 0 2 2 I 7 Nov. 1, Swinton, Swinton

===== 0002601_19111104_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
32 53 223 17 :21 97 Played 12, won 10, boat 1, drawn 1.

MANCHESTER LEAGUE. RYLANDS RECREATION V. SMEDLEY RANGERS. These teams met at Warrington on Saturday. Interest was centred in the Rangers' appearance, for up-to-date they held an unbeaten certificate. The viaitors, however, found the home lot in their best form, soda series of passing movements bewildered the Seediey men to such an eaten: that at the close Rylauds' Recrention bad won by the large margin of two goals six tries (22 points) to oil.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TARIFF " REFORM " IS

Nit 'day ;No. I maps w --,• sod

was las n,ured, Mrs. Croafield had been able to come and join them. {Applause.) She bad come, as he the speaker) came, chiefly because they were so glad to have the opportunity of congratulating the hand as a whole, and every individual member of it, upon the wonderful victory which bad been a,'aieved. (Applause) lie felt thvt each Ran who was fortunate enough to poEsess the championship medal had something like a family heirloom. (Hear, bear.) Many of them knew that one of his (Mr. Crosfield's) chief hobbies for many years bad been the game of golf. (Hear, hear.) Just as in the realm of music they had keen competition, so he had seen tremendous rivalry and desperate efforts in the world of golf for the blue ribbon to which all golfers aspired—the amateur championship. In passing Mr. Crosfleld took occasion to express satisfaction that outdoor sports were making such One progress in the old town. He rejoiced in it because games made demands on a man ; he had to keep in the top of his condition to grin success, and that could only be done by leading a temperate and sensible life. Games had done a great deal to build up English character B.lld were of incalculable benefit to our nation. ( r, hear.) In the case of golf, he had seen the tine sportsmanship and honourable endeavour which were brought into play to secure the championship and once a man had wou it, he ( Mr. Crosfleld) had seen the life-long satisfaction of which he was the t.r. ssessor. And no it was with regard to the triumph of the bend In the musical world. Every member would, as long Cake lived, cherish a feeling of pride that be had what the Americans called "Arrived." (Applause.) "I can assure you " added Mr. Crosfleld " that never did I feel prouder—perhaps not even on the day I was returned for Warrington--(laughter and applause)—than when I heard of our band winning the great event at the Crystal Palace." (arplause.)—and ever since I have felt Hurt I was shining with reflected glory "(Laughter). With all respect, be ventured sa endorse the remarks of their conductor. He hoped they would not let the achievement which they had met to celebrate, teed to any slackening of effort on the part of the band. He had been much interested to bear of the almost illimitable developments which isle. Halliwell said were possible in the music of brass bands. As they knew, there were few things in which he (Mr. Croslield) bad taken a keener interest than in the musical advance- ment of the community. Nothing gave one more reason for sensible hope and optimism than the magni- ficent spread of music throughout the land. Ile called that

A GREAT NATIONAL ASSET. (Atmlease.) But that night it was their own victory which they particularly had in mind, for there had been an understanding between them for many years that if ever the band did pull off the championshipo hey would have an evening together to celebrate it. (Applause.) They had a right to take a pride in all the social developments, by which he had net great store, in connection with the old firm, and in the victory of the band they had, to use the language of Oliver Crom- well, "a crowning mercy." It was something of which the firm would always he proud and every member of the band could share in that satisfaction. They all appreciated very heartily the splendid welcome which their fellow-townsmen give them when they retumed home victorious. (Applause.) The men and women of , Warrington had indeed been hind and sincere in their congratulations and, as he had referred to the ladies as taking part in the greeting, he would repeat how delighted he was that Mrs. Crosfield had come down to odd her tribute of praise to the band (Applause). Mrs Crosfield sold it was wonderful for the works band to have achieved such a victory. They were pitted against the best hands in the kingdom and she I supposed the contest was a much greater one than that at the Welsh National Eisteddfod —(hear, hear)—where Crosfleld's hand bed previously been successful. As Mr. A. H. Crosfield had said, their success would have afforded great satisfaction to the late Mr. John Crosfield had he been alive to-day. She never saw any- one so passionately devuted to music as he was, and it was his greatest pleasure to bear members of the family sing or play for him in the evenings. Having been broueht tip as a Friend, he was not taught music in his earlier days, or there was no I,ubt he would have become a great rausichm. She was delighted to see the beautiful trophy which the hard had brought from the Crystal Palace. It was the most unique and charming thing of the kind she had ever seen. (Applause). Mr. Halliwell responded to the toast.

Mr. Taylor proposed the health of Mr:. A. H.Crosfield and referred to his many kindnesses to the band from its formation. He had entered into their successes end failures and the members could rest assured that in trying to maintain the present high position of the band, they would have a friend in Mr. Crosfield. The toast was accorded musical honours and cheers were given for Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Crosfteld and for Mrs. John Crosfield. Mr. Crosfield, in returning thanke, spoke very highly of the efforts of the artistes who had provided the musical programme. A few I generations back it might have been difficult to I produce music like they had heard that night in the old industrial centres of England. From the very start he tied, it was true, taken a deep interest in the progress of the band. He thought it was a very splendid thing when the employees of the firm could produce no tine a musical body as they had in that band. They would be prouder men all the rest of their lives for the signal success they had just achieved. He believed he was speaking in their name, as well as on his own account, in thanking and congratulating their respected friend Mr. Halliwell—(appleuse)—upon the results of his fine inepiration and splendid instruction. (Hear, hear). He most also add a word of congratulation to his old friend Mr. Taylor—(applause)—whose constant assiduity in the work of the band gave him as much reason as the performers to rejoice in their triumph. Mr. Crosfield concluded with another expression of gratification at the presence of Mrs. Crosfield, linking them, as she did, to old and honoured traditions of the firm. (Applause). The musical programme was a very choice one, con- sisting of songs by Messrs J W Willett and T Humphries and instrumental solos by Mr W Birchall (cornet), Mr J E Hooking (trombone). and Mr J E Taylor (euphonium). Mr J Foster was the accompanpit.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPAGATED.

18 18 Walters and Cope displayed good form for first " The year has been distinguished by!' marked world- sermon runners and of those outside the count 3 Leet wise rise in prices and in the cost of living generally. 9, and A Massey 10, shewed noticeable improvement on Nowhere has that inareased cost of living made itself last season's efforts. T Wilson, H Rowlands, W A felt more severely than in the United Kingdom." Price and.) Hayes ran off the trail at the half distance. This extract from the annual report of the Tariff To-day's fixture is a run in packs from the Stockton Reform League, to be presented at the annual meeting Heath Institute, starting at 3 o'clock prompt. next week, is marked by the aisle sort of accuracy Next week promises to be. 1.113 y time for members, that characterises mast of the utteranaas of the one fixture is the annual dance at the Conservative league. Club on Friday evening, and details of other interest. There have been riots agvinst Protection and the ing matters vCill be resealed at the close of to-day's high price ot food in Francs, Germany, Austria, Italy, fixture. Belgium, and dernaods for the reduntion of tariffs, An indoor race may take place shortly. There have been 03 food riots in the United Kingdom —and certainly not even the maddest Protectionist, thought of petitioning for the imposition of a tariff. When Mr. Austen Chamberlain moves his resolution that rho only method of mitigating the rise of prices and maintaining and improving the standard of living of the working classes is the ad Jpti Jn of a joint policy of Tariff and Social Reform" we hope that every intelligent person present will ask him to explain these facts.

A SPECIMEN OF A SKELETON of primitive reptile of about 60 feet in length has been discovered in the valley of the Red Deer River in Alberta by the expedi- tion from the American Museum of Natural History, New York, which is at present working in Western Canada collecting fossil remain. of ancient fauna on the North American Continent. There explorations have been made under tbe authority granted by the Government some eight years age. This find by the American paleontologista has suggested that some effort should be made to secure specimens for Canadian museums. It is believed that there is in the Red Deer country at least one more skeleton of. giant dinosaur and attempts have been made to save it for Cassis.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ISONIAN'S FORTUNE FROM WINE.

Mrs. Emms* -Snse—n- Darrint Ru.sell, of The Knoll, Darßoston, and The Dell, Grays, Eases, proprietress of the Victoria Wine Company, in respect of which she held" off " licences for eighty-five prerpises, left estate of the gross value of 10,708, with net personalty £155,741. She bequeathed 41,0t0 for distribution amongst her manageretses who bad been in her employ for over twelve months ; two weeks' wages to the porters, cellarmen,and lads employed at her warehouws in Osborn-street, Whitechspel ; four weeks' wages to all other male employees in receipt of weekly wages ; and bequests to other servanta. Among her charitable gifts are £lOO to the London Hospital and £ll5O to Gravesend Hospital. Mrs. Russell died on September 10th, aged seventy-five years.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS-COUNTRY RUNNING.

With the exception of Warrington A.C. all the clubs appear to be rapidly getting into their stride end perhaps the locals are cue of the very few teams whose seasoned runners are following the useful method at this period of the season. Probably a desire to get fit slowly, with a view to undergoing a second and more searching separation for I the strenuous struggle for places on the United King- ' dom team for the Cross Country race in the Orympic games at Stockholm in July next, may account for the unusual tactics followed by so many " old hands " at preseat. Well the chances are that some will, aud a great many will not, be suited by this method, particu- larly if the selectors insist on a series of trial mean to aid their discrimination. .

Sutton Harriers journeyed to the headquirters of Skerton Hurlers and a race over an eight miles trail resulted in a very easy win for Sutton as follows : Sutton : .1 Smart, I; S Welding, 2; D Brown, 3 ; E Harrison, 4; R Smith, 5; J Morris, 6 ; 21 points. Skerton : J flame, 7 ; T Stockdale, 8 ; It Park, 10 ; J It Wilson, 13 ; J Gardner, 14 ; S Tustin, 16: 68 points. Warrington A.C. had a fair muster for an inter-team race from Stockton Heath Institu,e. .1 Parsonage and A. Siddall were well placed throughout the whole of the five miles course, and came home shoulder to shoulder.

Owing to the presence of so many inexperienced runners a count of four aside was agreed on, and the result was a tie of 18 points each as follow : Captain's Team. Secretary's Team. Pt'.. Pte. 1 4 e A Cope 7 W Cohen .... 8

J Parsonage F Shadwell.. W Walters ..

_ 1 A Skidsll 4 H Hough 6 E Scott ...

===== 0002601_19111104_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19111104_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
FITS CURF.D AT HOME. Dread( ul urea hare been cored by the -VARSO TittATNIENT.-

Lad to yield to this valmb e cure: fits generally cease from the first. No !:,znide of Potassium used. Sufferers should .; ply for full particulars to AS Q. MILLS. , Chenvat. PLATT BRILGE. ,rnple sent for 3 stamps.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
----- - . Domestic BerSWAB. etc. NlVisnifciCituod strong IiENEMAL..—AppIy Mrs ELLIOTT, 17, Queen st., Wigan. -- WANTED,GEN KRAL ; fond of ohildren,good home, • • references re uhred.-32, CEKTRAL an.,Blsolapool WANTED, good GENERAL ; no weshieg.—Apply Mrs. TIIRELIULL, Sunoyside, Bolton rd., A thsrton,

WANTED, I? 000 g GENERAL, 3 obildreo, good borne; ref eranoes.—Apply Los, 195, Eustoo rd.,

Morecambe- NTED, COOK-GENERAL, small familt; good • • Areferenoes required.-2, SUMMERLANDS, Whalley Range, Manoheater.

WANTED, GENER tL, 17 or 18; respectable curl; no washing ; honest.-213, ATHOL ST O_ _- 0 GENERAL, age about 25 ; good earl; Protestant.—Mrs. Aomori, 51, Mill lane, Chorcbtown, Southport. _ ,7 ANTED good GENERAL, able to wash ; refer- , ; wages £22.—Apply SCKNY BASK, _

enoes

NIONANTED, GENERAL,; fond of children; good V refs. required ;no washing.--Cteuxe, Woodley Bank, Broad rd, Side. lIAPPY Home and good wages for conscientious, eaperienced GENERAL.—Mbs SArmaxots, St. fistriour's_Vicarge, Bacup. IkIiTANTED SERVANT 08 to 20) for housework, at Y once.—Apply, 86, ACOUB at., Wel Bide, Man - cheater. _ WANTED, GENERAL, (good) no washing, family shies; wages £14.-13, Westmoreland rd., New Brighton. Cheshire. WANTED, superior GIRL for housework, good wriges.—COSTa RICAN, Broadstone rd., Heaton Chapel Stockport. Vpr ANTED These GENERALS; age 18 and 22 years Y good redertmess.—Apply BOLDSWORK REGISTRY 235, Crow lane, East, Earlesto_____— WANTED, Young Generals, Housemaid., Cook- Generals, together or separate.—Mts. CLARKES C 5, Greek at., UJANTED Edgeley, Stockport. at once GENERALS and osperim... Cooks • wages £26 to £2B._LIVERSAGE, 713 b, South rd., NVANTED, good SERVANT fur small family ; wages 75.; comfortable home.—A3oatew, 710, Oldham rd, Newton Heath. RELIABLE Servants wanted immediately for leading families. Good wages. Apply (stamp) National Servants' Association. Colquitt at ,Liverpool. WANTED, yonag, willing Girl as GENERAL HELP; good home; no washing.—APply Mrs. TAYLOR, 7, Fieldhouse rd., Rochdale. WANTED, Capable GENERAL for small family some cooking and washing. Help kept. Mrs WRIGHT BARRON, Hooton, Chester. WANTED, 000 E-GENERAL or Young General at once, two in family, housemaid kept.—Mrs. POPPLR. Woodland Park, Altrincharo. WANTED, COOK•GENERALS, General Servants of all hinds.—Apply 22, SOUTH BANK RD., Buy, Lancadhlre. Domestics may register free.

leveed

WANTED, good GENERAL; family four; no children ; wearing ; good references.—Mre. TREBEHAW, Lake View Villas, ANindermere. WANTED, GENERAL, good borne; you's Girl ; referecce ; Protestaat ; three in family ; no teilldlT. 6, WELLINGTON FIELD, Livetpool. • •

TV fees several Generals and Houeemalds, no fees charged till suited; fares paid.—Mrs.. MARTI'S, 38, Charter at , Accrir glen. WANTED, at once, good, experieeoed GENERAL age 20 to S.—Address, Mrs. CARTliat .Annandale,Walmeralev rd., Burr. . WANTED, trustworthy Person; GENERAL, plain cooking, assist seating—Apply SsenntinGE, 2 doors below Wigan Infirmary ; references required. WANTED GIRL, (clean, respectable) ; small house, one child; 12s. monthly; good home for suitable 1151.—GOHRT, 79, Wayertree rd., Liverpool. NVANTED, experienced GENERAL for family of three; good reference required; no washing; wage. £lB.--J.CRANKSIIAW, 9, Reisrave crescent, Eccles. - . .

WANTED, good GENERAL, wages Bs.; comfort- able home; permanent ; elate age; •—ToyLoo, Rosal Hotel, Morecambe.

references:

VVANTED, Cook-Generals, Generals. Splendid situations waiting, good wages, references.BAßKElll RBGISTRY, 325, Manchester r Burnley. _ - -

NVA 14 T 1), HOUSE-PARLOURMAID, end November; some experience; sae to limps; wages £IB ; age 24; good reference.—Mrs. HAvisore, Aston Hall,Bawarden. ANTANTED, HOUSE-PARLOURMAID; 4 in family, 5 servants; Churchwoman; good references essential.—M's PHILIP PLlTCHER,Briarcroft, Atherton, near Manchester.

------ WANTED a once gcod experienced GENERAL, for three in family ; references required.— Apply to Mrs. J. H. WADDINGTON• Eltham House, Cherie! rd., Boar's Head, Wigan.

, WANTED,MARRIED COUPLE,as cook and indoor man servant; excellent situation; good salary. Laundress for hotel. Cook for infirmary.—CAßVlON REGISTRY, Westminster Buildings, Wrexham.

•• WANTED, UN DER-LAIINDRYMAID, Nov. 25th; to help in housework at end of week ; must be active, willing, and early rimer; wages £l6.—Mrs. WOLLZY DOD, Edge Hall, Helps'. Cheshire.

WANTED, capable young GENERAL fur two ladies, Manchester, good wages. Apply STONY- CROFT DOMESTIC SERVANTS' REGISTRY,* Moscow Drive, Green use, Liverpool. Situations found free. WANTED, HOUSE-PARLOCRMAID, thoroughly experienced; two an family ; country; Protes- tant.—Apply, stating age, wages required to Syrinx, Edge Flouse, Mapes, Cheshire. WANTED immediately, Experienced COOK- GENERALS ; good wages to reliable Maids. Reference required.—REGlSTßY OFFICE, London rd., Edge.

WANTED, Experieoced Cooks, Cook-generals Housemaid-waitresses, experienced and young Housemaids, Kitebenmaids, Generals.—Mrs. READ'S Select Registry, Rudbolme, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Want

'tea

A doption.-wastAd to odopt boalt by baby from bit tel. glyen.—Mr.GßAnam,ls,Huntley rd.,Llyerpool tomuo'

Free Employment Bureau for Workers et Employers appear weekly in Woman's Life, id., eeer3 where; ANTED.— Fowls, Dock., Geese, Torbert ; small V or large quantities; also e 'lend particulars to H. Wald.% 143 Ball. Pond rd., A GENTS wanted to sell the Oilizall Needle Threader good lice for Droners, Ironmongers. &c. Write for samples. 3 stamps, which can be deducted from first order.—T. W. JOHNSON, Headless Cross, Redditch. DOG DUNG WANTED, any quantities., large or small, good price given.—Tuu WARRINGTON, GLAD= KID CO. LTD., Long lane, Longford, near Warrinuton.

"En—do'n.

IUANTLES.—WANTED, for Bony, ALTERATION .I.Vi HAND; good wages; regular work.—Apply SCOTTS, Honemuket St., Warrington.

, OLD FALSE TEETH Bought; soy condition • 4d. per tooth given on vulcanite, Bd. on silver, Is. 34 on gold, Is. 6d. on platinum. Immediate cash sent.— PEARSON, 119, Stock st., Cheetbam, Manchester.

Maclnn' ei

-11(ZOILERS SOaed MACH(NERY, good second-hand L. JOHN STRINORR AND SON (Dept. 41) Black), urn NON-CONDUCTING COMPOSITION MANUFACTURERS for the Prevention of Radiation of Heat from Steam Boilers, Piping, Hot Water Circulating Boilers and Pipes, and all Fleeted Surfaces. We quote for Covering the above with Magnesia,Silicate Cotton,Hair Fel t,and ourCo m pos ti on Composition, Supplied in Casks Ready for Application EMERY AND EVANS, Catherine at.., Strangeways. Manchester.

WEDDING PRESENTS. Magnificent Selection. Duplicates may be exchanged.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
PATENTS.

ST. ANN'S GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN 1833. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. Baca 613 COLONIAL FO REIGN PATENT LAWS.

3101ylier.7;oear SaymalilnaLloalmloetaff.n ;!o„wlny totosl-urg iiILARY & CO., 494, Strand, London.

v) = o

*limit tail CI iiia

===== 0002601_19111104_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Alderle

Medical.

GENTLEMAN, blind five years, now see to read any- thing; remedy, safe and sure cure for cataracts, white specks, &o. Particulars free to all eye sufferers. —LEtsGICIT, Elm, Wisbech. . .

- . 'LICZESIA and all itching, burning Man diseases, 124 ulcerated legs &3., cored with GIBSON'S UNO OINTMENT, post free, 1/11 and 2/9 boxes. -E kST ERN APOTHIC ARIES' HALL, 135, London at., Glasgow.

Shoes, Businesses, etc.

S_ FLENDID Fish, Fruit, Greengrocery BUSINESS, shop and sound good pony, cart, die., £2O weekly, suit family, price £6O.—J. BENTLEY, 4, Hodge NE, Vt'alkden.

Matrimony.

ltf ATRISIONY.—Lady desires to make acquaintance A.V.I. or an honourable man, with a view to matrimony omeet.cated, good manager, refined. Serious people reply.-Percival,74 Ay. Chambers, Vernon Place, Lon.W.o

===== 0002601_19111104_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Cre- I WA • • INGTON

Miscellaneous On sale, etc. MlREE.—Watehes pertioulare starnp.—Boss ts Co. I. 164. Booth it... Ponders End.

CLOGS.—Curaberland Clogs for Men, Women and Children; liat free.—JOHN STUDHOLM; Wigton, Cumberland.

6Nvincella,' Queen of Winces, Cream, baby's frock length, 2s. 61. ; shirt blouse length, 2s. 110. lady's night gown length, 6/6 post free.-Maearthur, Ay

MBE Free Paper pattern of an Essy-to-make striped _a_ Shirt Blouse is obtainable in esobsage for the oupon on November 4 cover of WOMAN'S LIFE, Id.

Send your Old Artificial Teetb,Gold, Silver, Jewelle7y MarPts & C0.,18 King's terrace,Sootbses.Higbest market price by return, o miler. Bankers: Net. Prov

A RE you making your own Evening Cont, Dressy .kll.. Blouse, Princes Petticoat and Childs Party Frock? If no, see the simple yetsmart patterns of these, by Lady May, in WOM AN.S LIFE, price Id.. November 4.

Sankey Street,

To be Let.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
a w e

ITHS iTHS

GOLDSM SILVERSMI'_ & DIAMOND ,MERCHANTS

===== 0002601_19111104_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
811

MEASURE FOR

PRICE.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

SAMRDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1911

The discussion that UNEMPLOYMENT has raged around the INSURANCE. provisions of the

-ts National Insurance Bill dealing with insurance against sickness on the part of the individual, has left untouched an equally important part of the Bill which deals with the disease of the State, Unemployment is a morbid condition of the body politic, and as such cries out for treat- ment, not only in the interests of those persons immediately affected, but in the interests of the community. For it is not merely an economic disease, but'an infectious economic disease, and that of the most quickly spreading kind. The symptoms, the effects of unemployment, with • which we are all familiar, lose through that very familiarity some of their significance. It i a a matter of common observation that good years and bad years affect all trades alike. It is not a common expedience for one trade or industry to prosper while others languish. Once the evil of unemployment gets a grip on any single trade, and forthwith, as we have seen in many a year of depression in the immediate past, it spreads rapidly through- out the industrial community. That it is infectious being granted, the reason is not far to seek. It is, in a word that the industrial worker is the largest employer in this country. Out of work ho leaves the market as a consumer, and those who are engaged from day to day in furnish- ing him with the necessaries " Whoso has sixpence is monarch to the extent of six- pence; over all men he commands cooks to feed him, philosophers to teach him, kings to mount guard over him, to the extent of sixpence." But if the sixpence be lacking,then cook, philosopher, and king are unemployed to the extent of sixpence. That is the whole secret of the spread of unemployment from one trade to the next. In thus tracing the sdurce of the evil, it is not impossible to lay our hands upon the cure. That evil must be circumscribed, confined to the trade in which it originated, isolated, and destroyed is obvious. That the matter is urgent,Mansion House Funds, panic in legislation in the near past, have rendered clear. Surely here is the cure. If the unemployed person can only be kept in the market as a consumer, though only to the extent of a few shillings.the men whom he indirectly employs, whose products he consumes, suffer the less from his misfor- tune. Give:him but seven shillings in his pocket and he can employ the boot-maker, though his clothier must wait for better trade. Though the philosopher suffers tempo- rarily from unemployment, he can still command the cook to feed him to the extent of seven shill ings. The Unemployment pro- visions of the National Insurance Bill have been criticised as providing merely relief from the distress following upon unemployment, a condition which seems to be regarded on all hands as inevitable. No less inevitable than our grandfathers thought consumption. They are, in fact, provisions not only for relieving, but for the cure of unemployment: provi- sions therefore of the utmost consequence to the State. Turn to the details of the measure. The part that has met with most adverse criticism is the provision for contribution by the employer. The worker who has realised, or who is coming to realise, that he is to receive for 21/2d. benefits that would cost him some- thing over 6d., is not generally hostile to the measure. Complaints come from another source. Employers, who, to do them justice, have accepted readily their liability to contribute under Part 1., are sometimes found complaining of the contribution to be levied from them under the Unemployment Section of the Bill. ,Yet, morally, claim upon the employer in respect of unemployment is even greater than it admittedly exists in respect of sickness. In times of declining prosperity, he must for his own protection discharge hands; as trade .improves again, he is anxious to take them on. It is a matter of direct financial interest to an employer that there should be, outside his factory gate men standing in the market to be hired The reserve of surplus labour exists

===== 0002601_19111104_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
for his prcfit and prosperity, and it is just and necessary that he should contribute to the reserve pay of the workers who are temporarily withdrawn from active service, as indeed, as things now stand, he has to pay sooner or later. The burden of unemployment falls in the end on him, when the first sufferer has dropped by distress to seek shelter in the casual ward. All that the Bill requires of him is that he should discount his liability, that he should make provision in advance, not in times of distress and peril, but in times of prosperity, when it is possible to get the machinery into working order to co-ordinate the interests of masters and men, so that when the lean years come they may stand together beneath the load and neither be overwhelmed.

has placed the people of Warrington by his fine educational work on politics, through the medium of speeches and letters.

Mr. Cr3sfield has MR. CROSFIELD AND always been a Home HOME RULE. Ruler of the most con- vinced and unswerving type. To-day he is, if possible, more enthusiastic than ever for Ireland's just and righteous cause. On Monday evening he took a suitable opportunity of warning the Liberals of Warrington against the "diatribes and terrible prophecies" which would soon be scattered broad- cast through the constituency by • the other side. However reluctant our Tory ' friends may be, they will have to once more make a bogey out of Home Rule, or else have very little to bait the Liberals with. Mr. Harold Smith, M.P., who has not yet favoured us with any of the reasoned argu- ments which he may have against Home Rule for Ireland. has shown himself heartily in favour of the bogey policy. Less than a month ago he told the electors of Warrington that:

Seldom have the THE hixtmoNs. municipal elections in Warrington aroused less excitement or interest in the town than they have this week. Only in three of the nine wards was there a contest, and in none of the three were the candidates fight- ing a political battle. The fact that the retiring Councillors were sure of a triumphant return made even these contests somewhat tame, and it only remains to congratulate Councillors Roberts, Halliwell and Lashford on the size of their majorities. One thing we do disapprove of, and that is the arrangement between the Liberal and Tory parties not to oppose each other in any of the wards. If this meant that the political influence in municipal affairs was being lessened it would be a matter for congratulation, but unfortu- nately the opposite is the case. By a compromise such as this the party political organisations practically ensure that there shall be neither contests in the Wards nor changes in the personnel of the Council. Either way the arrangement—as has been proved by local history in the past—does not conduce to the best municipal government. The parties should either take no concern with municipal elections, or fight one another fairly and honourably for that political dominion at the Town Hall on which so much store is set. Compromises are an abomina- tion, and if misused, a distinct evil!

- " If they thlust upon rater a m•asure of Home Rule the streets of Belfsst and Londonderry would run blood, and the constituents of Lis native city would cross the channet by thousands to take up arms "etc. In Mr. Harold Smith's view Ulster is Ire- land, and Sir Edward Carson its King, while " F.E." is doubtless heir to the throne. We cannot imagine that the people of Warrington will be favourably impress^d with such jaundiced and unpatriotic sentiments from the mouth of their member. The Home Rule question is one for calm, reasonable consideration, and the politcians who deliberately invest it with racial and religious animosities are unfit to represent or advise any body of English electors whether in Warrington or Whitechapel. As Mr. Crosfield says, these tactics may have answered the purpose twenty years ago, but they will not do to-day. His argumentative case for Home Rule and reasonable devolution should be read by every elector who has any appreciation for the responsibilities of the position he holds as a voter, and any concern for the solidarity of an empire which is less united at home than it is abroad.

Mr. Lloyd George's A GREAT reply to the Welsh

The many friends and A COMPLIMENT FOR admirers of Mr. A. H. MR. CROSFIELD. Crosfield will appreciate the compliment paid him by !' Mayfair," the well-known London society journal, in including him in its gallery ' of " Men of the Time." The interesting biography published in this week's issue of the paper refers in the highest terms to Mr. Crosfield's abilities as a politician, business man and sportsman, while a clever and characteristic cartoon depicts him in golfing attire, with club in hand. Mr. Crosfield was busy in the constituency last week end, -fulfilling a typical round of engagements which gave striking proof of the many-sided- ness of his interest in the old town. It was particularly appropriate that he should attend the opening by Mrs. John Crosfield, of Colwyn Bay, of the handsome new Sunday school at Friars' Green for, as was pointed out by more than one speaker, he was thus follow- ing in the footsteps of his late revered father who delighted to encourage religious and philanthropic work. In the evening Mr. Crosfield entertained the members of the Perfection Soap Works band at Sankey, in celebration of their great triumph in the recent national contest. From the very inception of the band, Mr. Crosfield has -followed its fortunes with the closest interest and an ever-increasing pride, as it has mounted the rungs of the ladder leading to its present position of pre-eminence. After addressing words of congratulation and encouragement to the champions, he returned to Warrington to present the bowling prizes at a smoking concert in connection with -the Prince of Wales' Lodge of Oddfellows. Mr. Crosfield had a rousing reception from his fellow-members and the fact that he was able to address them not only as a politician but as a brother of the Order, gave an added significance to his 'brief but none the less important speech. Mr. Crosfield is a whole-hearted supporter of Mr. Lloyd George's scheme of national insurance, being firmly convinced that it will not only confer immeasurable blessings upon" the toiling multitudes but that it will strengthen the position and increase the scope for usefulness of our great friendly societies. Monday evening saw Mr. Crosfield at the Liberal Club where, as is usual at these social gatherings which so pleasantly blend music and politics, he was in his happiest vein. Mr. W. Bibby fittingly voiced the debt under which Mr. Crosfield

CAMPAIGN deputation, on Tues- AGAINST DISEASE. day, besides entering into the special ques- tion raised, furnished a clear-cut exposition of what the Insurance Bill does for the campaign against the "white plague." The Bill, as widened in Committee, not only undertakes to deal with the treatment of consumption, but with the discovery of means for its extinction. Not only the insured person, but hie wife and children will get the benefits of the Bill. Towards capital expenditure the Government finds one and a half millions. Towards maintenance, the insurance fund will find about a million a I year, of which the State supplies something like a quarter. The inclusion of wives and children will perhaps double !the estimated I amount required. The State asks, not by compulsion but by invitation, for the local authorities to provide one-half of the addi- tional cost out of the rates. The other half is furnished by the State itself. So bold, so far-seeing a plan to grapple with one of the greatest curses of civilisation had, we may safely say, never been dreamed of before. The Tories can only reply with the extra- ordinary suggestion to the workingmen, "If you bad let us tax your bread and butter, we might have thought of this, or even something better."

Unionist Liberal Labour and Socialist

100 g. . 118.. .. 20..

,pon4

EMPIRE HALL SKATING RINK. _— Delighted crowds continue to throng this spacious and well-appointed rink, the entrancing music and bright surroundings combining to produce a maximum of enjoyment. Sessions are held on Monday, Thursday and Saturday evenings and on Saturday afternoon. The Empire Skating Club, of which the Mayor is I president, hag attracted a large membership, and promises to become one of the most papular of local social organizations. Next Thursday there will be a sports night and the programme will include a balloon race for ladies, the prize being a landsome silver rose bawl, and a half-mile race for gentlemen (first prize, gold centre medal.) An "At Home" will be held on Wednesday the lab inst.

After being shot in the eye by a man with a gun and pelted with attneis by the crowd on the banks, a seal which was chased up itt Higher° Canal, heat WAS On Thuredey shot and killed. Once the seal got on to the mad bank and an attempt was made to capture it.

A daring robbery hag been committed at a large Went-end hotel, one of the guests, Mr. Thorpe, mining her handbag, containing a £5 note, a 20 dollar bill, and a £5OO Central Argentine Railway bond from a table in the writing room.

The Examiner Saturday, *ovember 4, 1911.

Elo';‘.lti‘7.WO'lMl

Local Liberals who would like to have a copy of" Mayfair" containing the full-length cartoon of Mr. A. H. Crosfield in colours should apply to Mr. New at the Liberal Club. He has a limited number of copies which may be had at half-price-3d

• • Thursday next is what is popularly known as "Mayor's Day" and civic bodies through- out the country will be engaged in electing their chief magistrates for the coming year. Councillor Dr. Joseph will be re-elected Mayor of Warrington at a meeting of the Council to be held at 12 noon • •

As a result of the elevation of Mr. Ernmott to the peerage, the House of Lords will now have among its members three former occupants of the Chair of the House of Commons. The other two are, of course. Viscount Peel, who was Speaker from 1884 till 1895, and Lord Courtney of Penwith,l who was Chairman of Ways and Means and Deputy Speaker from 1886 till 1892.

Following the election of Mayor on Thurs- day next, a special meeting of the Warrington Town Council will be held at 12.30 for the purpose of conferring the freedom of the borough upon Mr. Robert Pierpoint. The order for the casket has been placed but it is not expected that the work will be com- pleted in time for the ceremony. The scroll bearing the resolution of the Council will, however, be, presented to Mr. Pierpoint by the Mayor.

* w It will come as a surprise to many people to hear on the authority of the Postmaster General that the use of the letters "N. 8. as the postal designation of Scotland has no official sanction. In reply to a question in the House of Commons, Mr. Samuel said that as no one now spoke of Scotland as North Britain, and as letters addressed in these initials were liable to be sent to New Brunswick—(laughter)—the Post Office would prefer that they should not be used. * * *

An unpleasant featur-e of the South African War was the stealing of old Dutch Bibles and ether precious family heirlooms from the Boer farmhouses. Many of these spoils were brought to Australia by members of Colonial- contingents. An old Dutch Bible recently came into the possession of Mr. E. W. Cole, the proprietor of Melbourne's famous Book Arcade. He did not put it up for sale, but sent it to General Botha, and the General has just restored the old family Bible to the 'rightful owners. _

The experiment of walking to the polls in an election had its first trial at the Oldham municipal elections on Wednesday. As compared with last year there is a slight fall in the number of recorded votes. In the nine wards last November there were 17,641 votes given. This week the number was 16,629, a diminution of 1,012, which is rather under 6 per cent, of a decrease. If this 6 per cent represents the value in votes of vehicles to carry voters they do not seem to be quite worth while. * *

Workmen have been busily engaged at Warrington Bridge this week making pre- parations for the erection of the temporary wooden footbridge which will relieve the congestion of traffic whilst the actual bridge wokrs are in progress. A portion of the wall on the east side of the bridge has been demolished and cantilevers thrown out from the arch to support the wooden structure. More piles will shortly be driven into the river bed. Mr. Webster, the engineer, and Mr. Thorne,the contractor, have been on the scene this week to decide several points of importance.

The Warrington Assessment Committee was again asked yesterday to pity the sorrows of the poor brewer whose trade is declining through the more temperate habits of the people. According to the representa- tive of Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co. the consumption of beer must have decreased by at least 10 per cent, in the last five years —welcome news to the temperance reformer! The committee, however, stood by the figures of the valuer, who had already granted the firm a reduction on last year's valuation, and declined to give the brewers the more sub- stantial relief which they pleaded for. They would be wise to leave well alone!

* * * The results of theiMunicipal Elections all over the country show that the Unionists have done badly. Hsre is a comparison of gains (we go back three years, since the Councillors are elect‘id for three years) : 1911. . 42 . 52 . 41

S LOCAL PARS.

Town Planning Lectures. The concluding ',tura of the series will La siren at the Parr Hall on Tuesday next.

Independent 4 ll It would take a great deal of analysis to evaluate the exact morals of these figures, but broadly it is clear that the Unionist Party lost on Wednesday a large part of their gains of 1908. At that time—the era of the Licensing Bill, before the Budget of 1909 —Liberalism was doing badly. To-day it has ' recovered a large part of the ground lost, and there is no sign that the Unionists are getting their own back municipally.

" • Thanks to a reply in the House of Commons on Monday, we now know the exact number of M.P.'s who have followed Mr. Lee's lead and, declining to become "professionals," have returned their salaries. The number is exactly FOUR! There are, we think, some forty M,P.'s who, as Ministers, do not get the £lOO a year. This leaves 630, so that the amount stands thus: Amateur or Gentlemen or Non-"Touchers" 4 Professionals We are not in the least surprised (says the Westminster Gazette" but we tremble to think what Mr. Lee's feelings must be. Only four gentlemen in a House of 670! From the party point of view everything has conspired to help the Liberal Party. There has been just enough fuss about the salary to adver- tise the fact that 981 percent. of the Unionist M.P.'s accept it, though it is the easiest thing in the world to refuse it if you want to. • •

It is quite likely that, after all the work in committee upon it, Lord Wolmer's Asylums Bill will not get through the House. The reason (says the London correspondent of the "Manchester Guardian) " is interesting and worth considering. Sir Frederick Banbury I has, I am 'told, intimated his determination to object to the Bill, and, of course if he does it has small chance, for a private member's bill cannot be given debating time at this stage of the session. Sir Frederick Banbury has no special hostility to this particular bill—indeed, his objections are usually on some larger ground than the mere bill con- cerned—but is going to oppose its passage because he does not approve of the social reform programme of the young bloods of his party, does not think that Tories are properly occupied in evolving schemes of social reform, and accuses those who are so occupied of meddling with Socialism. This will be worth remembering when the schemes come to be

Co-operative Society.

An " At Home " for member 3 of this Sxiety will be held at the Empire Skating Rink on Thar.day, the leth inst.

Mr.. David Cleft's Visit.

Mr. David Craig will give an organ recital at Bold-street We,leyan Church, this (gaturdav) evening. His programme will include the celebrated" Storm ' piece. " OSRAM " AND "TANTALUM "LAM PS.—Agent. J. S. GARLAND, 51, to 55, Bridge et., Warrington.—Advt. Miss Cornall's Concert. Our readers are asked to note th 4 Miss Mary Gornall's afternoon concert will be held in Bold-street Wesleyan school (not in the Co-operative Hall, as previcusly adveri iscd) on Thursday next.

Billiard Handicap. The first monthly flying handicap took place at the Liberal Club on October 27th, when there were 60 entries and 9 Nile capital games were witnessed. The winners were: 1, S. Woods; 2, H. New ; 3, J. Davies ; 4, Petkr Johnson. The prizes were distri- buted by Councillor Wilkinson. Personal.

- Mr. J. F. Awhery, master of the Warrington Work- house, is lying seri oily ill with an internal complaint An operation was successfully performed on Sunday. On inquiry last evening we were informed that there was a slight improvement id Mr. Awbery's condition. CUTLERY, Rodgers celebrated knives sod forks, &a. —Agent, J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge st., Warrington.—A clvt. Women's Suffrage Debate. •

A public debate on Women's Suffrage, between Miss Frances Sterling (National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies, and Miss Cordelia Moir (National League for opposing Women's Suffrage) will take place in the Wycliffe Memorial Hall on Tuesday evening .ext.

Palace and Hippodrome. The chief items in the attractive bill f,r the Hippodrome next week are 'the Four Vagabonds, humorous comedians; Burt Shepard at the piano; and McAuley and Lawrence in the dramatic episode . .

"A Man and a Woman." Forthcoming Liberal Tea Meeting. The Liberal women of St. Austinu Ward have arranged a tea meeting and concert to be held in Thewlis-street schools on Tuesday evening near A capital programme has been arranged, and all the Liberal women of the ward are urged to attend Admission Gd.

Presentation. Mr. J. H. Walker, Fully lane, has this week left the reporting staff of this journal t take ups poeitiln on the " Express and Star," Wolverhampt3n. His fellow- Pressmen in Warrington presented hint with a hand- some collection of books, accompinied by a written expression of their regret at his departure and best wishes for his success in his new sphere of wok.

ANTHRACTIR STOVES, Eoomonical, Clear' cheerful Price from 37/6.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, to 55, Bridge at. Warriagton.—Advt.

Musical -Society's Concert. The first subscription concert of the season in connection with the Warringtou Musical Society will be held in the Parr Hall on Wednesday, November 22nd. The programme will include Sir Edward Elgar's " Block Knight " and Grieg's pianof rite concerto in A minor. The vocalist will be Miss Violet Elliott and the solo pianist Mr. T. W. Pearce, of Warrington.

Shopbrukers in Bridge-street. During the night of Tuesday last, the shop of the Public Benefit Co., Ltd., Bridge-street, was broken into and a sum of money stolen. Two pairs of goloshes were also taken, one pair of which was afterwards found at the rear of the premises. An entrance was affected by the forcing of a window at the back of the shop.. The police are actively engaged in endeavour- ing to detect the thieves.

The Late Mr. William Gibson. The remains if the late Mr. William Gibson. a respected member of the committee of the Junior Conservative Club in Orford-lane, were interred in the Cemetery on Saturday afternoon. There was a large attendance of relative, and friends, including Mr. Roger C. Parr (president of the club) and a large number of members, •ivho walked from the house in Elaine-street to the Cemetery. Numerous beautiful wreaths were sent.

VACCUM CutaNcas free the home from dust. Price 2to 7 guineas. Try one on hire.—J. S. GARLVSD, to 55, Bridge st, Warrington.—Advt. Firs at Martlaserett. About a quarter to Feven yesterday morning the Fire Brigade received a telephone message summoning them to a farm at Martinscroft in the occupAtion of Mrs. Elizabeth Weir. The brigade turned out with the engine " Major " under the supervision of Deputy Superintendent Turner, and upon their arrival found three stacks well slight. Owing to the high wind the task was no easy one and up to the time of writing the brigade had not returned.

Narket-gete Improvements. A further improvement in the business centre of Warrington—the Market-gate Circus—is noticeable in the very handsome shop front which has recently been put into the premises formerly occupied by Mr. Crampton and which are now tenanted by Mr. Hallett as a jeweller, slversmith, Ac. The window and dcorway are of a very elegant design and form a standard of taste in shop fronts which one would like to see more generally adopted in Warrington. Tbe elertric lighting,and the arrangement cif a most alluring stock, lend bsth brightness and attractiveness to a rapidly improving centre of interest in the town. Mr. Hallett, who will be remembered as having been associated for some ten years with the firma of Euatance and Co. and Miller and Co., has during this 'period made a wide circle of business and social 'friends who will wish him every success in his new undertaking.

THE EMPTY RESERVOIR AT APPLETON, where employees of the Corporation Water Department are busily engaged in cleaning the muddy bed for the first time in sixty years. The mud is being turned into the brook which flows down to the Walton Pool, and will eventually be removed from there. This is an easier method than raising and removing the mud in bulk from the reservoir itself.

Marriage of miss Craik. The marriage was solemnized at the W.arington Parish Church on Saturday of Mr. James Pharaoh, of Chesterfitld, and Miss Lilian Craik, daughter of Coun- cillor and*Afra. Craik, Green Bank, mchester-road, Warrington.The Rector (Rev. Canon Willis) officiated. The bride, who was given swAy by her f ober, was attended by Miss Fanny White as bridesmaid. Mr. Mark Pharaoh dischargtd the duties of best min. During the Morning the newly-mirried couple left for Baslow, Derbyshire, where the honeymoon is being spent. They were the recipients of a handsome collection of presents. FIRE GRATES. II you want a new grate our large and varied stook will interest you.—J. S. GARLAND, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Exciting Scene in Horsernarket-street. _ . .

About 5.541 on Wednesday evening a horse and cab belonging to Mr. Connor, of Sankey-street, and in charge of George Donoghue, 2, Bowes-street. were stationed on the stand at the top of the C3ntral Station, when by some means the horse's bridle became loose and the horse galloped down the drive it.to Winwick street. Turning to the direction of Hors3market street it collided with a greengrocer's cArt in charge of Peter Gannon: of Wigin. A man named Richard Ferns who was jr the company of Cannon was slightly ioj wed and , had to be taken to the Infirmary. The horse continued in its flight and at the tram terminus ran into a tram, the olside lamp of the cab being knocked off.At the end of Bewsey-street itsome in con- tact with the kerb which detached the f 3re port of the cab. The animal still forged she id, however, until when opposite Mr.Finlayson jewellers shop itdashed into a lorry belonging to Nit.. Isherwood and the wheel of the cab becoming entangled the horns was captured. The larry driver Walter Wynne, of Evelyn- street, complained of an injury to his ankle.

. . - -- - • I 1411 W. ' , . _ 'oesootiit— . 4,.., .4"*".3. ... ' • i , - „.._, ' --`--- .41#111413113#130.2--------......, . . „oe - / '.. ---3*-"'•`44.5. - , , - , • * . ,40......„ ~ 33„ .. * , ,-* jof - , 4it< ...,' -**4l,- -,,... ..'" • <•''' * 33" - ' ' . .: 3. .°' .3" .-3, • •, - - 4,-.,," 0„r.: -,1„,..-'ll. .74)!'" .4.4 r" vit. -0.7 s ,-. 4.1; :40' f". 'l.. ''''' . , 4* - -, , .It rh 0t o Tong'.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
FATALITIES AT WARRINGTON. CHILD KILLED BY UNKNAN MOTORIST.

Hr. S. Brighouse, the districtooroner ttenlel at the Police Station on Friday to log lire into the death of COatlefl Bebbington, aged nearly 12 plars, son of George Bebbington, no iroa works labourer, who made* at 313 Winwick-road ! he was knocked dston and killed by a motor in Winwick-road on the lot inst. It appears that at 6 p.m. on the day in question the deceased and his brother Wilfrid aged 16, ani a boy nursed Hogan were playing near Long-lane about 200 yards from the Borcugh boundary. Wilfrid was running across the road followed by the deceased and the other lad. When Wilfrid reached the opposite side ha beard a mot or approaching from the direction of Winwick. He shouted at the baps and then went back and pushed Hogan on to the footpath. He then caught hold of his brother's hand, when the car struck the witness and curried him about 6 yards, at the same time knocking his brother down. Wilfrid whistled to the motor, which did not stop and then went towards his brother who had been taken about 20 yards. No ha n was blown. The boy was found to be dead and was con- veyed home. The Chief Constable of Warringtoo., and the County police had been actively engaged in trying to find the driver but until now they had been unable to find any trace of him. Under those circumstances it was absolutely necessary that an adjournment should be made ao that the driver should be able to give an account of the matter, as it would be injudicious and not judicial to make any comment until that evidence was forthcoming. C trroborative evidence was given by the deceased's brother Wilfred, who said that he also received injuries to his left leg, for which he had to be treated at the Infirmary. The motor wts of a dark colour, and was covered over. When he picked his brother up bis face was covered with blood.—An adjournment was mode until the 21st inst.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
MAN KILLED AT DALLAN FORGE.

An inquest was also held on the b3dy of fames Thompson a labourer, aged 23, of 79 Diilam-lan3, who died in the Infirmary on Sunday from injuries received while following his employment at the above works on the previous Thursday. Mr- A. H. Lake of Messrs. Greensll, appeared on behalf of Messrs. Beira's° and Knowles an I Mr. A. Browne atteadsd on behalf of the relative, while Mr. MOKie H M. Inspictor of Factories was also present. About 7 o'clock on the night in question the deceased was assisting to unload a lad of iron plates in the engineering department. limeased was guiding a sling attached to the crane, which contained ten iron plates each weighing 1961b5, The load was jot about to be lowered when the deceased who was standing on some plates slipped and in trying to save bimsel• he caught hold of the suspended plates which caused them to over- balance sad slip from the sling. Two of the plates fell On the deceased's stomach and leg anl he was conveyed to the Infirmary, where he died. John Greenhouse and James Gilbert who were working with the deceased at the time of the accident gave corroborative evidence, the former stating that on the day of 'he accident the place, where the deceased fell, was wet and slippery. The Jury returned a verdict of Accidental Death." OLD MAN'S FATAL FALL

A further invest was held on the body of John Pearce, aged :a, of 15. Warburton-street, ohs died in the Infirmary from a hr ken nose caused by falling dowostaira on Tuesday Wit. Esther Ilirding, the wife of Ban;arnia [larding, 15 Watkin-street &aid the deceased who was her father, wean retired general labourer and was rather simple- minded. About CZ/ a.m. on Saturday last while in the kitchen she beard • noise and sent a little girl named Annie Harker, aged 12 years, who was in the howl., to see if the deceased was getting up. When the girl got to the bottom of the eteira she screamed and cp_ds witness going there elle found the deceased. He was bleeding aboat the face. 'lois was covoborated by the girl. Nurse Jones spoke as to the deoessels aimittanze to the infirmary suffering .from • brakes nage and other injurise from which he died the following Tuesday. A verdict of" Accidents' Death" was interned.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
LYNN DEVEIAPIENTS.

The development cf Lymm proceeds apace. Al read, Ilesars. Lever, of Port Sunlight. are boring for salt on part of the esta•ei they recently bmght near Heatley Station. Ilessrs. Moro and Company, who have been pumping brine at Lymm for several ,ear. are making extensive addition, to their works, alongside the River Bollin and the Ship Canal, whilst • St. Helene firm are boring on the opp3eite bank of the &Alin, having retired land for possible extensions for wcrks and cottsg-s.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
"CATCH-MY-PAL."

FOUNDER OF THE MOVEMENT AT

THE PARR HALL

The. Patterson,. L.L.8., author of thil

" Catch-my-Pal " movement, which has already been the means of gaining thous ndi of converts to the temperance cause, lectured at the Parr Hall on Wednesday evening. tio(l-r the auspices of the British Women's Temperance Ass....ciation. There was a fairly largs audience, presided over by the Re.. W. Reid. Amongst others on the platform were : —The Rev. E. M Mrs. Garnett, Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Owen an Miss Bessie Dutton. A children's choir. under the conductorship of Mr. A. Spruce, sang temperance hymns, and Mts. A. Booth gave a feeling rendering of " There is a green bill." Mr. Frank Hickman accompmied. ilia. GARNETr referred to the far ward novement in cannec ion wig' the local branch of the British Women's Temperance Assoziati Jll which had resulted jr. 3)) new members being obt titled in one year. (App'auss.) They hoped for still greater things in the future, in fact they woild net mind if all the women in Warringt m beloaged to the branch. It certainly would not do the town or the children any harm. (Hear, hear.) She urged those rresent t 3 work for the" Catch my p " movement, each one resolving t bring a' pal° to sign the pledge, and he or she in turn to obtain another convert.

The Rev. R. J. Patterson d livered at interesting and poeerful address. lb said that in going about the country he found that the women were the leaders in the anti-driuk campaign. lithe men won'd begin to take up the movement with the sums heartiness, spirt, and go-aheadness 'hit the women were mani- festing, it wculd not he long b-fore our country was saved from its biggest curse. (Applause.) The " Catch my pal " movement started amongst men and was confined to them for a long time, hut the women began to knock at the door- with such persistence that they had to let them in. (Laughter and applause.) They a'm at swamped the association with their numbers and sere now amongst its most active 'members. (liming that his eta y was unique, Mr. Patterson gave an tutline of his experiences in Armagh she,e for ssverreen years before be3inning the Catch-my-pal movement he was the minister in charge al the It WI Presbyt,rim church. In the old I day, there WAS hardly any pubic opinion with regard to the drink question in that oid city. He had fourteen publicans in his congtegation and be questioned whether any minister in any other church in Ireland had a greater sfruggle with the drink evil in his own congregation than he had. When you meet the Devil face to face "continued the speaker, " if there is any manhood about you at all, you must speak plainly, and from the first (spoke oat plainly, not minding whom it might offend. I never said anything &gratin publicans but I used to speak against the drink evil in every shape and form and painted the sails of the trade in such lurid and vivid terms that the public ins were squirming is their pews, although I never said a ward about them. (laughter.) I am not here to obiatrate against publicans, brewers and distillers. A great many of them are decent, honourable and respectable men—as decent, honourable and respsetable as you can expect them to be in such a damnable business. I know men in the business to-day who are longing to get out of it. if they can use their way. I haven, sympathy with men and women who are

rNT INL'A I.LY I,F.NOUNCING THOSE ENG WED IS THE TRADE

as if there was no good in them at all. What I tun surprised at in that there is in much good in them, with the miserable, evil, damnable surroundings of their business. What lam trying to do is to get all the publicans, brewers and distillers out of the trade as qiiick'y as p made by Viking their cnstomers from them." (Appl in...) Co .tinuing, Mr. Patterson said that looking at it horn the eternal s'andpoint, it would be bntter for a man to g 3 out and break stows for 12s. 61. a week than to have his p icket bulging with gold at the coat of the damnation of the a-,tils and bodies of his fellowman. (Applau e) lie believed the time was coning quickly when that trade would ' he looked upan as swab a dinreputa'ile hairiness that no decent,renpectahle man worth think of continuing in it or allowing his son to go into it. (Applause.) No respectable.girl would then have to go into the public-house bar as a decoy bird, to lintel to the vile language that often came from the lips of men who frequented thosn places. Mr. Patteraon then related how his daterminatioa to enter upon aggressive temperance work was due to the fine example cis Roman Cath lic priest. If all the ministers, officers and communicants of the different churches, he can- tinued, were in earnest about this matter, they could rise and form a public opinion against which the

1,111,:li TR ‘FI'D' PCI.I. 'OPT ?"1. XD in:l TN El C MONTHS. (Applause.) Mr. Patterson showed bow the " C,stela- my-pal " eft rt was inapired by a desire to give men who had signe I the pledga the support of comradeship in the day of temptation. There bad never barn a movement in Ireland which had brought the whole of the evangelical people people frac...tiler tO a greater degree than etis one. It had belpvd to save many a boy and girl from the gutter. A great desl,of the Church and social reform was to-day half cursed with dignity, there being

IR Too LI LEW 4,11, sT %R. II

in their coil ire, which drove the men and women out of the church instead of attractin them to it. After nineteen hundred years of Christianity the people were no better than Cain, and repeated his words: Am I my hr. tiler's keeper?" They wanted to rouse up and decide whether these "human slaughterhouses" were going to remain in their midst. He (the speaker) was appealing to the rank and file to take up the movement without delay, for how could they look tipon thentaelres as true men if they let such a matter pass by' He appealed to them to try to influence the one whom they cou'd beet influence and bring hire Mt, total abstinence, to help to overcome the largest organised foe that could ever be encountered. It was impossible for them to make an inroad unless the foundation was at first undermined and th.at was to be accomplished by the use of their inthence. China was awakening and stamping out the opium problem, already per cent. of the opium dens in the chief cities haring teen closed,,, why should not we as the leaden of the Christianity of the world ties and attire to iolre the problem of drink The present state of affairs bad been tolerated quite long enough, drink being responsible for 9.) per rent.dtbe crime of the country, and what better tin:* could there be for temperance reform than in the reign of King George V. the gent home King ? 'Applause.)

===== 0002601_19111104_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NIP

===== 0002601_19111104_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LENT FROM LIO TO £l,OOO.

A Gentleman baying a considerable amount of spare Capital is prepared to make Immediate Advances to Ladies, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Fsrmers, Shopkeepers, and any Respectable Householders at a moderate rate of interest on Note of Hand alone. Business can be completed entirely by post if desired. GENUINE TRADE BILLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGHT- FORWARD DEALING AND STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, etatiog full particulars and requirements to -

J. GRIFFIN,Minorie• Chambere,Minories,Birmingham. NB.—Don't pay Fees or Travelling Expenses, and don't give • Bill of Sale before applying to me.

RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Largeessortment of Framed Pictures suitable for Wed dins and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &o. Terme moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY EOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPIRODUCTIoNs OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD RMORAVINGS.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Gift to St. Paul's Church.

St. Paul's Church Magazine mentions the fact th a gentleman who recently came to live in the parisht , asked the Vicar and his warden to let him know some- thing of the church work, and the outcome was a gift of .CZO to be used principally to aid the clergy fund, but also to prevent appeals for other organizations which constantly require money. There would be far less bitter feeling against the no-called' rich " (says the Magazine) if more of thin spirit was manifested.

A Curious Epitaph. The Psrisls Church Megazine 'nye : We are greatly indebted to Mr. Robert Pierpoint for a new tombstone commemorating the burial of Elizsbeth Robinson, whose epitaph has interested numberless visitors to the Parish Church. The old stone has well-nigh perished, but enough remained to rsoder legible the immortal words which ars now inscribed afresh:—

"This maid no elegance of form possessed ; No earthly love defiled her sacred breast, Hence free she lived from the deceiver Man, Heaven meant it as a blessing she was plain."

‘' Churches Like Greengrocers' Shops '

Commenting on the recent harvest festival, St. Jame Latchford, parish magazine says :—We are indebted, as usual, to the ladies who gave so freely of their time to decorate the churches (St. James' and St. Hi'date), both of which were suitably though not lavishly adorned with flowers and' kindly fruits of the earth." Harvest decorations have, in many places, been greatly over- done. Churches have been made to look—and smell— like greengroce-s' shops, and heaps of decaying vegetables have been allowed to remain in them for the best part of a week. Excess in decorations is greatly to be deplored and it should always be borne in mind that the Ecclesiastical Festivals, such as Easter and Christmas, are infinitely more important than the Harvest and that the best decorations should be used for the most important days.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
An:Example to Churchmen

One of Warrington's most promising young men, aho met with such an untimely and sad end, has (rays "St. Paul's Parish libigszice ") set a worthy example to all churchmen and churchwomen in Warrington, by leaving to the Church in which he loved to worship the sum of £1'1:1 for the upkeep of the same. How few think of this now-a-days ? Good churchmen who die worth much mere than our deceased brother never think of the church tley worship in, in relation to its finances. If, for instance, all those who have died at St. Paul's had only remembered in their wills in a small degree the church they professed to love so much, how much easier it would be to carry on the spiritual work. We cannot undo the past, but we can avoid mistakes in the future ; if all the present worshipFers who are In a position to do Bo would just leave a small sum for the upkeep of the church, their names would be honoured and revered, and it would be an evidence of practical religion.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Peter's Church.—Sale of Work.

The annual sale of work in aid of the parochial organisations in connection with St. Peter's church was held in the schoolroom, John-street, on Monday and Tuesday. The stalls, %hich were tastefully decorated and well laden with usekel and fancy wares, were in charge of the following ladies The Vicarage Stall.—Mesdames Percival, Taylor Greaves, East and Padmore. Toy Stall.—The Misses lace end Higham. Refreshment Stall.—Mesdames 13smforth, Webster and Skelland, and the Misses Lloyd. Berry and Hughes. Miscellaneous Stall.—Mesdames Steel and C Sunday School Stall.—Mesdames Smith and Pinson and Miss Percival.

Flower Stall.—The Misses Young. Chins Stall.—Mrs. Tickle. Swret Stall.—The Misses D. Percival, Bamfortb, D. Fletcher end M. Horton. Bran Tub.—The Misses N. Grounds, L. Molyneux and Mellor.

The sale wee opened on Monday by Mrs. J. Charlton Parr.

Mr. J. FULTON-SMITH, who presided, mentioned the fact thaf at the recent baby show in the Parr Hill the majority or at least a great number of the prizes, went to St. John's Ward. (Laughter and applause.) The success of those children depended very mach upon the individual efforts of the mothers, and the care taken of them in the most critical period of their lives. It wan highly important that mothers should have explained to them the best methods for the upbringing of their children. He hoped the other parts of the town would not look upon St. John's Ward as being an unhealthy one, for it was able to bold ita head up as being the premier ward in town. (Applause.) Mrs. PARR was thmked for opening the sale, on the proposition of Mr. Bsmforth seconded by the Roy. B. Percival.

'lke proceeds for the day amounted to £5B 163 4id. In the absence through indisposition of Mrs. John Colon, the sale was re-vened on Tuesday by Couccillor Steel who described sales of work as neces- sary evils in poor parishes. It would be better if congregations, by periodical plyments, could obtain sufficient money to meet the expense of the various organizations of the parish. In St. Peter's they could not possibly d without a sale and consequently their friends met in that room year by year to dispose of the articles a hich the ladies had prepared. A vote of thanks to Councillor STEEL WIN moved by Mr. T. Wratislaw seconded by the Rev. J. H. Garnett

and heartily passed. The total proceeds of the sale were 1110 15s. id. St. James' Sale of Work.

A sale of work in connection with St. James Church, Latchford, was hell in the schoolroom cm Thursday afternoon, Mr. J. Littler, of Runcorn, perforating the opening ceremony before a large attendance. The Vicar, the Rev. H. B. Firth, occupied the chair. The schoolroom bad been tastefully decorated, while on the stalls a large variety of articles was offered for sale. The VICAR said that no one took a keener interest in Church matters in the diocese of Chester than Mr. Littler. He was a man who placed the Church before all things and there were few men who had held as many of the church offices as Mr. Littler. That sale was being held for the purpose of raising funds for the objects of the church, L 56 being required for the Clergy Fund, £25 for the Churchwardens' Fund, while it was also hoped to have a substantial amount to band over to the building fond for the new St. Hilda's Church. Mr. LITTLER congratulated the workers who had shown in that room the result of a great effort and at the same time he congratulated the vicar on having such a band of people around him to second him in the work he undertook. He (the speaker), had ventured to take an interest in that parish because of the long association that their vicar had with the parish of Runcorn. No churchman or churchwoman should merely take a parochial interest in Church matters, but they should remember that they were members of the great Church of England, and whatever interest lay in any particular part of the work of that Charch that interest belonged to them all, and not only to those who were particularly concerned in the parmh The work of that parish was exceedingly gratifying to anyone who followed the progress of the Church of England, in finding the earnestness displayed in main- taining the efficiency of its present work, and also in their efforts to further extend it. There was nothing more important than the objects for which that sale vas being held. They in the Church of England always nembered that their churches were not merely preach. ing institutions, but they were places where the means of grace were to be obtained, and where kindliness and helpfulness arose. The members of that parish were to be commended not only for their efforts to maintain the statl of clergy, but for their further efforts to bring the work of the church right into the midst of the people, and he hoped that their labours would be crowned with success. Au it was the tendency of modern days to lessen the influence of the church there was no need for its to be warned against it, and as far as in us lay, to influence public opinion against the advance of such a disposition. Let them always be alive to see that nothing happened either in civil or Parliamentary spheres that would in any way lessen the ir finance of the Church:on the people of this coentry. (Applause). Mr. J. F. FOSTER in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. Littler thanked him for his generosity in coming to open the sale. Mr. B. HEATH seconded and said that he hoped when they "put the abutters up "the stalls would have been c!eared.

'ream' e4m I

—iii;-lollowiag is a list of the stallholders : Congregational Stall.—Mesdames Davies, Carruthers, Bell, Harris, Harding, Roberta, Tole and Miss Posey. G.F.S. Stsll.:-.-Minenpibbb, liughcs and Horton..

Toy Stall.—Miss Heath. Refreshment Stall.—Mesdamea Foster, Fargher, Hallwood, Grant, Guest, Bower ck, Warburton, H Warburton, Mee, Jefferson, Astley, Booth, Newton, Lingsrd, Woodward, Mimes Do ireoct, Drayshaw and Flower Stall.—llisses Tole, O'Brien and Anderson. Ice Cream Stall—Mine Bowcock. St. Hilda's Stall.—Mimes Hermode, Parry, Peers, Isherwood, Thornley and Hall. Sweets and Fancy Stall: -Mrs Coiling and Miss Chester.

_ .. A conoert by the Zingari Troupe under the leader- ship of Misses Heath and Hushes attraotei a large attendance, a first dass prognmme being gone through. The proceeds of the sale includiog donations amounted to 410 14s. 2d.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Bold-street Wesley Guild

There was a crowded audience last Monday evening in the Church Room, Bold-street, to bear a lecture by Mr. Charles !iisdeley on "The History of Warrington Bridge."--The Lecturer described the various bridges

which have sytnned the Mersey since the time of the Romans. The lecture, which was illustrated with maps. plans and sketches was thoroughly enjoyed.— After suitable words of appreciation and votes of thanks to Mr. Madeley, the:meeting clolei with the Doxology.

Cegh-street Re-opening Services. The re-opening services after reaovstion of the Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church were held on Sunday and Monday last, the inclement weather some- what affecting the attendance. The preacher was the Rev. .J. B. Baglass late pastor and now of Rochdale, who preached two stirring sermons in his well-known style, and on the Monday evening, gave his popular lecture on "The Rise, Progress and Influence of the Puritans." The chair was occupied by Mr. R. Bridge in the absence through indisposition of Mr. AIR. Hoyle, B.A. On Sunday afternoon Mr. Councillor Hawthorn occupi, I the chair and [ the choir repeated by desire, the cantata " Song of Thanksgiving " (Maunder), the soloists being Misses Sara Silcock and B. Brown, Messrs. W Tynan, M Hamilton, N Cook, jun., IV Clayton. Mr. A W Clatworthy, A.R.C.111.. presided at the organ and Mr A Spruce conducted. At the evening service the choir gave an efficient rendering of the anthem " 0 worship the Lord" (Hollins), Mr 'S .1 Hamilton taking the solo and Mns A E Hoyle sang the solo " Voices of the Angels." Mr Tom Tanner ably presided at the orgm morning and evening.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WIT

R

===== 0002601_19111104_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
The Method of Teaching the Bible. Not Merely to Read but to Picture.

As interesting lecture was deliverei by Dr. Thistleton Mark, of Victoria University, under the auspices of the Wariington Sunday School Uoion, in the Bold-street Wesleyan Schoolroom, on Thursday evening, when be took as his subject " The Bible ass vile to m.-thods of teaching." lie said that the . .

flible was a book based upon, and was the outcome of human experience. It appe..led to the test of experience. Although it was not a book to be learned off by heart it was a book to be tested and its results would act upon those tests. What we thought of the Bible depended to a great extent upon bow we were going to teach it. Our attitude to it was the attitude of men and women who had tried it. It was received in that it belonged to everyday life and it was the best business in life to read it and gather from it the message that it contained. If we intended to teach well from the Bible we must get its spirit and method. We should cultivate the habit of picturing the scene' that were there written down. They could hardly take a passage which was not suggestive of some panorama portraying human life. We could have a better power to prevent the story and to teaching the lesson if we net ourielves to picture it. The words should not be merely learned but we should view the scene and work from it. The Bible was practicable by appealing to the will of man and giving him fresh purposes. It gave us the power of choice with the result that the choice was emphasised there. They wanted the scholar to tabs an interest in its teaching by questioning and by con- tributing his part. GOLBORNE-STREET BAPTISTS.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Recognition of the Rev. H. Ogdeu . The Church and the World.

The Rev. 11. Ogden, who has entered upon his ministry at Golborne-street Baptist Church, was formally" recognised" and welcomed by the congre- gation at special services held on Thursday. In the afternoon, a sermon was preached by Or. Jr. Marshall, Priocipal of the Baptist College, Manthester,who took for his text the words " Receive him therefore, in the Name of the Lord." He sp.tke of the new minister coming to the church as a brother, a companion in labour,and a teacher, and urged the church officers and members to encourage him by regular attendance and prayer. . .

There was a large attendance at a meeting held in the evening under the chairmanship of Mr. B. Few. The speakers included the Revs. Hector V Thomas (secretary of the Lancashire and Cheshire Baptist Association), George Curtiss (Hill Cliffe), and J Chedburn (Latchford), Mr I B Garaide (altuachester), and Mr T M Morris (Oldham). The CHURCH SECRETARY (Mr. I'. Longshaw )outlined the steps which led to Mr. Ogden receiving the " call " to the pastorate, pointing out that he created a great impression when be preached at the Bible Class anniversary three years ago and that he had also given willing assistance to the church while it was without a pastor. If he received the loyal support of the con- gregatioo, they would BOOR be able to build up a church that would be a credit not only to the town but to the denomination to which they were proud to belong. They would shortly commence to pull down the old school and replace it with one of modern type and larger size. The church had also to be altered and altogether Mr. Ogden had a strenuous time before him. They hoped his ministry would see the dawn of • grand era in the history of that church and of all the Free Churches in Warrington and district. (Applause.) Mr. I. H. CIA RSIDS, of Manchester, then spoke of his intimate relations with the new pastor, extending over a number of years. They had fought side by side for great principles—principles which were perhaps unpopular tut which were of God. All principles, in the eyes of those who had not spiritual perception, were unpopular. He had seen Mr. Ogden laugh in the face of the enemy. They had shaken hands together in the front of a howling mob, put their hands in their pockets, squared their shoulder, thrown back their heads and grinned when all the forces of reaction and the devil had been against them. In Mr. Ogden that church would have a pastor who could not be fooled. If they were only prepared to play with holy things, there was no place for him. If they only wished to go half way, to adopt a dilletante attitude, they had no uEe for him. He (the speaker) was tired of hearing churches soy their pastor was dry and cold. Ile never knew a dead pastor who had not a aead congregation, and nine men out of ten had been killed by the pew, strangled by the indifference, apathy, stupidity and cowardice of tbeir congregations. They could not expect a man to run as a messenger of God if he Lad to carry a crowd upon iiis shoulders who did not want to run. The great mass of men and women to-day were sick, tired andldisgusted with the Christianity of the average church and man. The world was looking not for • theological Christ, but for a living, vital embodiment of the personality of Jesus Christ. " Don't tell me" continued the speaker " that every drunkard is a bad math I don't believe it, nor do I believe foes moment that every woman of the town is necessarily a bad woman.lou cannot dreg men and women into the Church tut you can love them into it. There is not a bad man on earth who is any worse than you probably would be if you had to be tempted as he is." Mr W. Tynan then song "If with all your hearts" very expressively,. The Rev. F. V. TFIOM as extended to the new pastor the greetings of the Lancashire and Cheshire Baptist Association of 30,000 member?, and also congratulated the congregation that they bad milled to their ministry their well-Leloved brother, Mr. Ogden. At Oldham Mr. Ogden bad been faithful, persistent and true In his wirk. He was not desirous of tickling the fancies of his congregation but of winning men and women to Christ. There was a great deal of unrest in the country at the pretreat time. Workingmen might have done with the Church, but the Church had not done with the workingmen. The rich and higher classes might have done with the Christian Church and ministry, but the Church was only beginning to deal with them. She had neglected them too long. (Hear, hear.) It wan the business of the Church to teach, preach and inspire, so that the characters of all classes in the industrial world should be like the character of Jesus Christ. Then there would bi no injustice and warfare. (Applause.) Mr. T. M. MORRIS, of Oldhara,spoke of Mr. Oeden's successful eight years' ministry in that town. He had cleared off a debt of £350 in two and a half years, obtained a new organ, and formed the nucleus of a new school fund. The poor and the aged were etpicially sorry to part with him. (Applause). The choir sang the anthem 00 clap your hands" The Revs. G. Curtiss and J. S. Chedburn also joined in the welcome, Mr. Chedburn remarking that not only had that church but the whole religious Community to which they belonged made a distinct acquisition in securing the services of Mr. Ogden. The Hey. 11. OGDEN, in responding, said his object in coming to Golborne-strect WAS to further the work of Carist and to add honour and glory to the denomination which they loved. (Applause). He wished it to be clearly understood taat whilst he si as inter-denominational, he should never he undenominational. He believed in • church being a church and not au institntion. The Church should have not only a sound huts right foundation. He agreed that the Church was distinctly a brotherhood; so was the Fenian movement, but he wanted the Church to be a brotherhood in the Lord Jesus Carlst, which meant a great deal. When a church had got its central pillar right, it might with safety go anywhere. Their central theme moat be the Cross of Christ and the redemption of man was the end of their work and prayers. When they had finished with that, they could start with the platform with safety. It was difficult at times to distinguish between the Church and the world, between the men who professed and who did not profesa redemption in Jesus Christ. Ins passing reference to social conditions, Hr. Ogden said it was a disgrace to any town that men should be penned, cribbed, oxbived, crushed, oppressed and killed every day. If people would not come to the churches, concluded Mr. Ogden, it was the duty of the chamber to go to them. (Applause). A vote of thanks was passed to the speakers sod soloist, on the proposition of Mr. E. Wrosa-Jusgs,

===== 0002601_19111104_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

The Ellery Band.

On Sunday evening the celebrated company of Americanised Italians known as the Ellery Band gave a special concert in the Royal Court Theatre before an audience which, though fairly numerous, would undoubtedly have been larger but for the very inclement weather prei ailing at the time it assembled. The visits of Sousa's famous band have made us familiar with the combination of brass and wood wind instruments, plus some very modern reeds of the saxophone order, which constitute what is called the military band of the present day, and, although comparisons are to be avoided as a rule, it is useful to note that in Mr. Ellery's assemblage playartrone realises all the musical pcssibilities of the more widely known band without experiencing those distractions of manner in the conductor and that thrusting of groups of instruments upon the attention that often 90 seriously disturb enjoyment of the pieces discoursed. In the Ellery Band one finds a maximum of sweetness and variety of tone colour, while precision and point in both attack and release are, as often happens in these combtnations, some- times carried so much beyond all bounds as to become positively painful. The latter objection is, however, one which is happily inherent chirfly in the ensembles, and while undue crispness cannot spoil much of the music of the "William Tell" overture for instance, it m.y, and did on Sundl evening, assert itself too obtrusively in the transcription of Liszt's second Hungarian Rhapsody of which an otherwise magnificent inter- pretation was given. Too much point, to, little soulfulness, and a rather rapid tempo also detracted somewhat from the band's playing of the Andante fr nn Beethoven's fifth symphony,—another number in which the military 'band combination of instruments realised in quite a wonderful degree much of the effect , which only the strings can give in full. But in the "1812 overture" the band really "found itself" as ' the French say, and Tschaikowsky's score received an interpretation that was at orce vivid, majestic, and musicianly, the magnificent climax of the work being finely realised despite, rather than thanks, to the distractions of red fire and the mimic discharge of fire-arms. There were two notable instrumental sob s—the aria " Softly awakes my heart" (Saint ' Saens) given splendidly on the trumpet ly Mr. D'Amico, and "0 star of eve" (Wagner) well played by a euphonium soloist. A tenor and a baritone vocalist,—Mr. Tom Wallace and Mr. Bayne Young respectively,—gave farther variety to the programme with some songs which though of no great intrinsic interest were both well sung and well received. The conducting of the Ellery Band by Signor di Girolamo 9988 beyond reproach in its complete control of the ' instrumental forces and the bringing out of latent , possibilities in artistic taste.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
" The Whip"

A Drury-lane drama at Warrington is somewhat of a novelty, and the enterprising management of the Royal Court Theatre, Warrington, are to be congratu- lated on having this week secured Mr. George Dance's company in that remarkable record-breaking produc- tion " The Whip," with its huge company, wonderful , scenery and effects, and specially trained horses and hounds which give the necessary realism to this rare sporting drama. There are no less than nine scenes in the three acts, and they are all presented with great lavishness, while such unique effects as a rail- way smash, with clouds if steam, and wreckage galore; the finish of a great race with the horses thundering neck and neck across the stage, are presented in a style which makes one wonder if there is any limit at all to the possibilities of stage production. The plot of" The Whip" is an exceptionally fine one, dealing with schemes and counter-schemes respecting a racehorse of that name. Captain Sartory., an unprincipled indivicht 11, is face to face with financial and social ruin unless the Ir,rse is defeated in the 2,000 guineas. Be therefore plans a risky scheme, and personally uncouples the horse box in which "The Whip" is travelling in order that it may be smashed up by an express train. The plot is foiled by Mrs. Beamish, who is in love with the trainer of the horse. Captain Sartorys then tiles to secure the arrest of the jockey on the racecourse, but this is foiled by the sympathetic crowd (headed by Lord Braneaster and the owner of the horsa), who make a rush for the detectives and no enable the kckey to mount the fatnons Whip and win the race in thrilling style. Some idea of the realism attained i n this drams may be gathered from the following description which appeared in one of the London papers when the play was revived in March, last year If you with to catch &glimpse of the great annual horse show at Olympia, if you would like a stroll through the Chamber of Horrors at Madame Tussand's, if you would see an express steaming at full speed across country, now thundering past wood and meadow, now disappearing into the dark recesses of a gloomy tunnel, if you would take your place or. the grand stand at Newmarket amid a crowd of notabili- ties and distinguished people, you can accomplish all this by the simple means of booking treats for " The Whip." We have nothingibut praise for the excellent work done by Mr. Dance's talented company, and the large audiences each night in Warrington testified in unmistakable fashion their appreciation of the leading

members in the many fine roles, which The Whip " provides. Miss Elsie Wood is bright and captivating as Lady Diana S.rtorys. the grandchild of Lord Beverley, owner of " The Whip," while Mr. Wernham liyott acts with force and finish in the companion role of Earl of Bmncaster, the victim of a matrimonial conspiracy, but finally the captor of the fair Diana's heart and. hand. Mr. Edwin Palmer is typical as the fine old hunting squire and artistocrat, Lord Beverley, and never lacks dignity in the most trying situations. ' Captain Sartorys, the villain of the piece, is a real sporting " wrong on" who alit inks no more from compromising a young village girl than he does of" backing a loser," and when driven to it caps his villany with the attempt against "The Whip," which results in ths train-wreck. Mr. Frank Powell pourtraye the role most convincingly, and raises many a laugh by his callous indifference to the consequences of his plotting and peccadilloes. Miss Lily Barclay aides him in his wicked schemes in true adventuress fashion, and a better Mrs. D'Aquila could hardly be imagined. The play is not devoid of humour, and the many comical passages between Mrs. Beam (Miss Naomi Neilson) and Tom Lambert (Mr. E. W. Avery) are a source of never ending amusement. Mr. Avely is • comedisn of rare talent and his share in the screamingly funny scene at Madame Tussand's is • great personal triumph. Another character which as particularly well interpreted is that of Joe Kelly, the unscupnlous, droll and broad-tongued Yorkshire book- maker. Mr. George P. Polscn makes a great hit in the part, and the same may be said of Mr. William Kershaw, as the back-sliding parem, Rev. Vernon Haslem.

NENE WEEK.

"THE GIRL IN THE TRAIN.

Everyone is talking about the visit of that delightful piece which is breaking records everywhere 'The Girl in the Train" to the Theatre Royal

Warrington next week. The play ran for stripy hundreds of eights at the audeville Theatre, London and is thawing packed houses where ever it goes. Right through there is a succession of amazingly charming dances, duets, and ,juartettes which lift " The Girl in the Train," far above the ordinary musical comedy. "Oh married Life" and " Oh sleeping Car" are the p'ck of the bunch. in the first wit but it is difficult ti choose amid ths weilth of attractions of ths second Was Stella Gastelle who plays the title role, will be ever remembered for her charming impersonation of the Doll in "la Ponces" which part she played the record number of 2,000 times. Mr. Bay Russell who plays the President is a well-linown comedian. His recent engagements include "Havana," "Our Miss Gibbs," "La Poupee," "Beauty of Bath," For the last eighteen months thi, talented comedian has been on the Vaudeville stage where he has made a great name for himself. Others in the cast include Miss Winnie Hall, Mies Gladys Keats, Miss Dorothy A rliss, Mr. Harry Brayne, Mr. Edgar Marsden, Mr. Lawton Hampson, Ac. Patrons are I advised to book their smite early for thi, Lig attraction.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
MIDNIGHT BEDROOM STRUGGLE.

Lady s Terrible Experience at Warrington.

In the early hours of Sunday morning a sensational affair took place in the Roebuck Hotel when Mrs. Mary Ann Chrimes, an elderly widow and the licensee of the above hotel, on her departure to bed at 12.10 am, discovered a man biding underneath her bed. It appcare that the other occupants of the house bad retired, and she had already extinguished her light, but before entering her bed she looked underneath and thought that she saw a dark form, and as she placed her hand upon it she felt that it was warm. She made an effort to obtain some matches from the dressing table, when she was confronted by a man, who imnadiately attacked her. Gripping her by the throat her assailant threw her on to the bed and when she endeavoured to scream the man placed a pillow over her faee He then released Mrs. Chrimes, who called out for help to a maid in another room. Her cries drew upon her a second attack, and in the struggle a small table was knocked over. The com- motion aroused the household, and perceiving that someone was approaching the man bolted from the room. Mrs. Chrimes rushed to the window and her cries attracted Constables Tolley and Hawkins to the scene. The Officers were admitted to the hotel, lint no traces of the landlady's assailant could be found. Mrs. Chrimes stated that she knew the man by his basing on several occasions cleaned the windows of the h^tel. He bad no right on the premises and mast have secreted himself during business hours. Upon a visit to the yard shortly afterwards P.C. Hawkins observed bloodstains on the floor, and a search round the exterior of the premises led to the discovery of a man, who gave the name of William Jonsson. alias William De Cantilloa, wirad)w cleaner, of 76, Oldham-e'reset, Warrington, lying on a manure heap. He had jumped from the lavatory window on the se o3d floor and his right arm was fractured, one of his hips was seriously injured, and he was further suffering from cuts to the free. Jackson was without his boots, which were subsequently found in a corner of the yard. He was at once removed to the Infirmary. Jackson should have appeared behre the magis- at the Donuts/11 Court on Monday but he ivas not able to attend. The Chief Constable asked ilat the case might rand adjourned until Jackson would be in a fit condition to attend, when a charge of having been fiund n en-losed premier.* f r an unlawful purpose would be preferred agaitat him. This is quest was granted.

IWHAT THEY DO.

Holloway's Pills cleanse the system n of all impurities, restoring energy and vig- our. They are a reliable remedy for In- i digestion, Biliousness, Feverish Attacks,' Headache, Dizziness and all complaints arising from a constipated condition. When feeling "out of sorts" take a few doses of Holloway's Nis, they will fortify you against disease and may

===== 0002601_19111104_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
avert 'n serious illness.

Holloway's Ointment is especially use- ful, where there are large families, for Burns, Cuts, Scalds, Bruises, Chapped hands, Chilblains, &c. It quickly cures Bad Legs, Wounds, Piles, Sores, Eczema and all skin affections. For Rheu- matism or stiffness in the joints or limbs it has no equal and affords speedy relief in Throat, Chest and Lung complaints.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

1.4"....-^ -^4.4,44,‘...,e \ -",-.4^,-4-‘"-^ ..,...-... ,sr ' 4440001844.,44 ..V4.!'''• .1 I 4 i ~. ' .: ' I ' .... ' •t •' ‘ 4 •41 , / ' t ks, , . , . - • , . ~........ P , y .... .. ....., / w-_ . .„,„ .... ,• ~ wi ..: -vitt- :11 aTerium lIIIMUI.IIIIIIIIIIII= I , .. ...___,

===== 0002601_19111104_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL TRAIN FOR INDIA.

While in India for the Durbar the K,ng and Queen will have great distances to travel ty rail. For this purpose a new and luxuriously-furnished train has been built. Also a special Durbar railway has been constructed to link up the seven railway systems which run into Delhi. This will enable the Royal train to be used on the different companies' lines, and obviate the necessity of the Royal passengers making frequent changes. Our picture shows the Royal Saloon and the Queen's Boudoir.

No'--- "II -• >. ~,. :.... ..... f,.130..5.„,,.,;,";,' ', , • • , 4,_ .... ,o k- ''..'. ~,, ~,. ~.., • -,-, '' 44. ii, . ' - • - ' , So, - . • '.‘ siw''',...: ~ . ' •- _ - " - l' ''''' ;I'i, ..*'',.",..-:' ' • . ' ' ' :.41846460,..., ~ '''-'°. '''''.': , ~-,, •• ' it''' It' 1...,!,.. .1„,;•,-,..t,$' ;'-, r .• ~• ,-,' ;-,C ...•;-'-...4 p ~,,,,..ti,,,',..' , -,'- ,' ;',.:"..,, ;:‘• 4 ' ;... •••tzt x_ii. ,3: t•. •• 1•,--4.'',;,...,.,,. p lofr ~ • ~..,,,, ; .••• *„„'„;\ ~.. ~ , .

===== 0002601_19111104_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
BALD HEADS AND LONG BEARDS WAN-mu,.

It is not often that bald heads and long grey beards are in such great demand, but this week there appeared an advertisement with a request for 100 clean old gentlemen with long grey or white beards, and 100 with bald heads. These are required to take part in the new wordless play, "The Miracle," to be produced at Olympia, London, shortly. Several of the bearded and bald applicants are seen above.

, . ..., „,,..,„ „ , •.'i''.'" •-•••'. -'1.tt*,,,„.... - , ~ ,;..,,.7.-•'.......';':- .. .. , ~ . orow' • .... :10- ~,,,, .-- •,' ..--;;',o' • -%::31;,,-/'''.A. • "......• ~,,,,•..ii*...,r, ,Ik , , '.....s t 1',,,,• . . ~ t '.'• - . ',';'. ;-,•% •. - ', o,,:**' 11% 7 - - -•, ~"t;,...,'''''.' , ~,, **s'llilit 11*, ..* , ~... ...- ..... , .. ~ . . ... 4 .. .. .. • ' ' . • ,' • . j., ) 4 ) ~ 4 . .{ ..' •• .... •;, • , :.' ' .' •' ‘r ' ' .4:',_'.'7l' '

===== 0002601_19111104_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
A MOTORLESS AEROPLANE.

Mr. Orville Wright, the famous American airman, has been experimenting with an aeroplane fitted with wings only, and without a motor. With a short run and the manipu- lation of levers, altitu.es of between 150 ft. and 200 ft. have been reached, and Mr. Wright has been able to remain stationary at this height in a fifty-mile gale. The longest flight yet reported has been one of ten minutes. Our picture shows Mr. Wright seated in his new biplane.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

LATCHFORD. COUNTY HONOURSJOB A LATCHFORD

PLAYER.

Jack Pearson, of Latchford Club, has been hononred I by a place on the Cheshire County Eleven,. Westmore- land at Sale this afternoon. This distinction is thoroughly deserved, as Pearson is at all times a clever and gentlemanly player. His club mates wish him every auccesa. The fret sieve° played a drawn game of 2 goals each with Swioton Pork at Swinton last. Saturday. Swinton scored early on and for a time quite monopo- lised the game until an attack by the visiting left ended in a good pass to the right from which Starkey flu:d- iced. Latchford then had several chances of improving their position but could not take advantage of them. Swinton gained the lead in the second half but just on time a quick dribble up the centre by Pearson and Travis ended in the latter again equalizing the score. The Swinton centre, half, right back, and right wing forwards played very well. For Latchford, Dixon, Wilkioson, and Knight did many good things. The second eleven had a visit from Brooklands .13" who brought a vutly improved team from last season and a very keen game resulted in a narrow win for Latchford by 3-2. Brooklands were easily the best team in the first half and led by 1-gut half time. W Carter equalized just after half time with a rasping shot. Brooklands then took the lead by a smart goal scored from a most awkward angle, but IN Carter scored two more goals before time and won the game. The Brooklands forwards combined most effectively and the tacks bit cleanly. On the play lhooklanda had hard lines in losing. To-day the first eleven • Atherton at borne is : A Hill, goal ; P Allanson, T Dixon, hacks ; A B ad,bur B Wilk insoo,F Isherwood, halve.; R A Dale,E FCliffe ;I Travis, 1-1 Parker, C Hackney, forwards. Referee, Mr Dank (hounds. Bully-off 230 p.m.

ALDERMAN BEECHAM TO BE MAYOR. Alderman Beecham, Mayor of St. Heleus,was formally asked by the Town Council on Mon.lay again to take the office of Mayor, which he agreed to do. Mr. Beecham hag already served two years in the office.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
TORN BY HACKING COUGH.

Thought She was Dying until Rescued b:

Peps.

"I was BO bad with bronchitis that everybody thought I waa dying." These are the words of Mrs. Laura E. Clarke, of :7, Miltbrook Place, Widcamte, Bath, who has been rescued from an existence that was practically a " living death " by the wonderful breatheable Peps. "Two winters ago," Mrs. Clarke told a reporter, " I was laid up with a severe attack of bronchitis. A backing cough nearly tore me to pieces, and brought up phlegm which stuck in my throat until I was afraid I should choke. All day and night I was tortured. My chest was fearfully raw and sore, which in not surprising considering that I often coughed and struggled for breath from four until ten o'clock in the morning. After these bouts of coughing I woul/41 lay like • log, too exhausted to move, and with a violent, thumping headache. . . . .

" I persevered carefully with the doctors' medicines, but the cough wasn't lessened a Lit, sod I got so bad that everybody thought I was dying. My family were always on the look-out for something to relieve me, arid my daughter said she would buy me a box of I'eps if I'd take them. I promised, though I admit I didn't expect any relief this side of the grave. That first box a Peps was a great blessing ! Before I had finished half the tablets my throat and chest were so much easier that I slept all through the night. The cough, too, got less troublesome. I very naturally kept regularly to these wonderful Peps tablets, and every time I breathed their pine future down my throat I got relief. Besides getting rid of the awful cough I was at last freed from the choking phlegm, and lost the feeling of soreness from my throat and chest. The difference Peps made in me was really wonderful, and astonished us all.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHAPTERS. ),,,,,,,,,...„

THE PLAGUE IN CHESHIRE.

A MINGLED RECORD.

Warrington possesses no record of plague visitations, but entries made elsewhere give certain evidence that the town did not escape. Thus in the Manchester Constables Accounts of 1630 the item occurs: " Paid Is Sd. for the hire of a horse for S eeven Gee to goe to Warrington to bringe word whether itt were infected with the Plague." And in the Annals of Liverpool for 1645 it is ordered that a strict watch be kept on account of the sickness at Warrington. That the town suffered at that period is evidenced in rather striking fashion in the journals of the House of Commons, which contain an order that collections be made in all the churches and chapels within the city of London, and that two parts of the money be sent to the Mayor of Chester and the other part to Mr. Robert Massey of Warrington, to be distributed among the sufferers. This is under date June 29, 1647, and it is expressly stated that the gift is made because the city of Chester and the town of Warrington were grievously visited with "a plague of pestilence, and many were likely to perish of want if not relieved in an extra- ordinary way." The attention of Parliament betokens a serious state of affairs, and it is remarkable

The only passage in a register more poignant than this is cue written by the rector of Great Hampden who had the terrible task of recording the burials of his household. In those stricken days the church yards were closed and bodies laid in any field or garden. In the entry we can feel the added grief that followed upon burials in unmarked or scarcely marked graves, and the very natural anxiety that posterity should know and refrain from molesting the resting place of those who had been dear to him. We quote only part of the record. 1647 N.B. My daughter Sarah Lenthall was buried ye eleventh day of August Au : supra, I she came fro' London to Wickham and on ye Saturday only to are as and go t 3 return ye morrow and in ye afternoon to Wyckham againe, but then fell sick and en WEdnesday morning following being ye 11th of August about an hours before sun rise dyed of ye sickness, end no in ye evening we buried her in ye meade called ye kitchen meade by ye I edges de as you go done into it on yor lett hand, a little below ye pond at ye enterance into ye meade ; she was aged 14 years, eleven months and seventeen dayes—had she lived to Bartho'omew Day she hod Lin full 15 years of age. Suariotta Lactation my trite &pled this life Thursday evening about 8 a o'clock ye 26 of Avg-net, she died of ye sick, ens comfortably and in peace and was buried Auguot ye 27 by ber daughter Sarah. Ad.ian Leothall my souse a hovtfull yontman and were one and twenty years of age dept this life of ye sickness, Thursday morning a little ls fine day breake and was hurt. d at ye head of his sister Sarah's grave the Barre thy, being ye 2d of Septetnb.

Robert Leotball, Rector. A PRESCRIPTION AGAINST THE PLAGUE. Medical skill of the period had no guidance to offer to the panic stricken populace, but prescriptions were handed round and refuge was taken in numberless prescriptions and applications. One recipe has been preserved by the Vicar of ftetford who wrote it in the

-

===== 0002601_19111104_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
L 0 N D-0 N S LAMENTATION.' f, Or a fit admonament for Cuy and Countrey,

Wherein is defcribed certaine cades of this affliaion and vi- faation of the Plague, yeare 164 t. which the Lord bath,' been pleaf:d to intlier upon us,and withall what meanes mutt be tiled to theLord,to game his mercy and favor, with an excellent fparituall medicine to he tiled for the prefervative both of Body and Soule.

- TITI E.FAC.6 OF 'LONDON'S LAMENTATION."

MIST TININTLI, UI IN..

The crude illustration is intended to represent the contrast between the treatment given to the dead in London and in the country. In London the Plague victims are shown as being decently interred, while in the country they are represented as being flung coffinless into pits.

that no Warrington record appears to exist. parish register probably as a means of secur- The only local tradition belongs to Latch- ing it to posterity., ford, and what is known as the Plague Stone In ye time of a 'plague let ye person either gives some confirmation of it. This stone I infec.ted. or fearfull of ye infection take ? peony

formed part of the coping of a pici;;;;;; house in Wash-lane, and in an incised hollow space it is said that vinegar and water was I placed to receive the money that was to pass between the plague victims and the outer world. This and the discovery of what appeared to be the remains of plague victims in a croft behind the house are the only relics of the pestilence in our neighbourhood, Had the facts been chronicled, the record might have been as touching as those pre- served in those out-of-the-way villages,where the clergy possessed sufficient of the historic instinct to place them in the parish register. One such Cheshire record is of profound and moving interest.

worth of dragon water, tt.' penwot th f oyle4olive, Metbradate Id. and treacle Id. Then take an onion, and fill it with pepper when y tt scraped it, yu roast it ; and alter yt put it to 3e liquor and strain rind drink it in ye morning, and if you take ye same at night lay soapand bay salt to your feet and sweat upon it, and with find's blessing you shall recover.

Tho. Gliby Vie. Which adds another to the many curiosities of our Parishi Registers.

MACCLESFIELD AND THE PLAGUE. Second only to Chester in their fight with the Plague were the townships of Maccles- field and Congleton. A municipal manuscript of Macclesfield dating from 1603 records some of the precautions taken. . _

THE PLAGUE-HERO OF MALPAS. The year 1625 witnessed a virulent out- break at Malpas. It is supposed that the infection was brought from London by Ralph Dawson, and within the month that followed his entire family was swept away. We referred in an article upon Malpas to the Richard Dawson who dug his own grave and died therein. This was one incident in the events of a terrible month, and the entry as it refers to the Dawson family may be copied here entire.

" Ward and watch was kept at every common passage out of the towne and at cross lanes neare adj?yning to ye towne to keep in ye townsmen.

"A -mariet every Thursdey was kept in an open place three quarters of a mile from ye town where two or three of the justices were weekly present, to see ye towne and country kept asunder and to see ye money, come, and other provisions distributed, 'which came from ye country either by tax or guift." The Justices had weekly notice which streets were infected, how many houses in every street, how many persons in each house and ye ability (for wealth) of ye parties."

Thomas Jefferie, servant to Thomas Dawson, of Bradley, butyed the 10th daye of August, in i the night, he died of the Plague. Richard, the sonnne of Thomas Dawson, of Bradley (that dyed of the Plague), buryed the 13th daye of August, in the night, 1625 nihil. Raffe Dawson sonne of the aforesayed Thomas, came from London about 25th July last past, and being sick of the plague dyed at his father's house, and so infected the sayd house and was buryed, as is reported, nears unto his father's house. Thomae Dawson, of Bradley, died of the Plague and was burped th' 16th days of August at 3 of the clocke, after midnight, Elizabeth, the daughter of the aforesayed Thomas Dawaon,died of the Plague of Pestilence, and was burped the 20th daye of August. Anne, the wyffe of John Dawson, sonne of the aforesayed Thomas Dawson, died of the Plague of Pestilence, and wan buryed the 20th of August. Diehard Dawson (brother to the above named Thomas Dawson of Bradley) being sick of the Plague and pereeyving he must die at yt tyme, arose out of his bed, and made his grave, and causing a his name, John Dawson, to cast some straweinto the grave, which was not farm from the house, and went and layed him down in the sayd grave, and caused clothes to be layd uppon, and aoe dep'tcd out of this world • this he did because he was a strong man and heavier than his slid nefew and another wench were able to burye ; he died about the 23rd of August 1625. This much he did I was credibly tould. John Dawson, aanaa a the above named Thomas, came unto his father, when his father sent for him, being eicke, and having layd him down in a dich, died in it the 20th daps of August 1625 in the night. Rose Smyth, servant of the above named Thomas Dawson, ard last of yt household, died of Plague, and was buryed by John Cook the sth daye of September near ye sayd house. It is not usual to insert in church registers anything save formal and necessary entries, but the clerk evidently felt that some narration should be made of the awful circumstances which swept away an entire family. Pathetic indeed lathe picture of the family burying each other one by one,the son in a ditch, the brotherin a grave of his own making, and an outsider coming in to close the ground over the servant who was last to be stricken.

The justices had every markett a bill (i.e. list) of ye names of such as dyed the weeke before."

FIELD GRAVES.

Few of the burial places of plague victims are marked by gravestones. Many are known and reverenced, but few inscribed stones remain. An interesting exception is to be found upon the moorland above Lyme Park and distant about a mile from it, where three gravestones mark the resting places of as many members of the Blakewell family. The are inscribed : John Rampson and his wife and three children left this life 1616. Think it not strange our bones ly here, Thine may ly thou knowest not where. E.:tutu-re 11AMPSON. Other stones are inscribed: Beare lyeth the body of Raphe Blakewall, who died july the 26 Ano dim 1646. Beare lyete the b_cly of Ellen Blakevrall who dyed july the 26. AOO dim 1646. Bete lyeth the body of Robert Blakevrall who died july 1. . Ano dim 1641'r. The history of the Plagues in England has never been written. Not even of the Great Plague of London have we a history for ' Dafoes "Journal of the Plague Year" is an imaginative sketch with no firm basis of fact and apart from the diaries of Pepys and Evelyn there is no contemporary record. It would seem that the scribes shrunk in sheer horror from the task.

Of the greater interest therefore are the tiny and scattered memorials which we have thought it worth while to gather here..lA.M.

.;, i., •' ' _ronfma Cgaritie , ~14t.--,. ii ..... '!r il; `4l-3-• ''' ...'-.. . i llp Itg. , liti fib .., _ •tZN,C,. • 1 '••••••/• ' 1 1 'TT 'ffll 4•, - . •tt,:k ...--4; • ' ,e- '? . -1.. t...... --..::-_-_. 1t.,,,..e5...r. •..r i - __ , ,-" _ , .., ..-= -----,......;---,--• Ntrc anntrit..r, (-...;itzltre ''..-tP4'4l, -•---- ,40,4.-kiChnp.,- i __ .1 • CY.- 4-5., ...- - .. - ~.0 -R'' "..,..--

London,Prinred by E. P. for lolui Wriglir Junior. i6+l.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM "1 LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

By Philip Snowden, M.P. THE "SPLIT" IN THE LABOUR PARTY.

One day last week a Londois morning journal came out with a sensational state- ment about a " split " in the Labour Party and it followed up this announcement with the information that four members of the 'party had seceded and were about to form a new group. This journal is evidently determined to outdo the most sensational of the yellow press, for the following day it spread itself out to the extent of two columns with a detailed statement of the proposals of the coming Home Rule Bill—a statement which was immediately repudiated by responsible persons.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OBVIOUS REASON.

The reason for the publication of the unfounded statements about the "split" in the Labour Party was quite obvious to those with inside knowledge. The report was intended to prejudice the chances of the Labour candidate in the Keighley division where the polling was to take place the following day. Although the inaccuracies and unfounded statements in the first report in the journal in question were contradicted by the persons concerned, the following morning—the poll- ing day in Keighley—the statements were put forward again with the audacious inven- tion that enquiries among Labour members had confirmed their accuracy. That a reput- able journal should be guilty of such conduct passes all understanding. I was quoted at having said to a representative of the journal that there were no dissensions in the Labour Party. There was not a word of truth in my having made any such statement to the journal.

The report about this " split " in the Labour Party said that 'certain members of the party had been called to account for their opposition to the Insurance Bill; that they had been ordered to vote for it or to

leave the party; that they had refused to withdraw their opposition; that they had decided to form a new party. One can quite understand a report being inaccurate in detail, though it is based on fact. But there is only one possible explanation of such an issue of complete fabrications as those just quoted. That explanation is that some evil disposed person sat down and deliberately invented . _

these statements. No member of the Labour

Party has been called to account for his opposition to the Insurance Bill; no member of the party has been either asked or ordered to vote with his party on the Insurance Bill; not a word has been said to me, neither have I said a word to anyone else about forming a . .

new party. The only business discussed-at the party meeting at which it is alleged all

this:tooli place Was the action of the-party.

on the GOvernment motion to appropritite all the time of the House of Commons, and also on the guillotine resolution. The division records of the House of Commons show that there were differences of opinion among the party on the question of supporting these motions, and out of this fact all the sensa- tional reports about "split'' in the Labour Party have been invented, not merely to provide the readers of the journal with a little excitement, but to serve the practical purpose of helping to defeat a Labour candidate. LEGITIMATE DIFFERENCES.

There are no divisions in the Labour Party beyond what all the world knew before this concoction was invented. The division records of the House of Commons are public property, and they show that the Labour Party never has been a united party in the sense that its members have always voted solidly. I have not analysed the votes, but I should say that in one-fourth of the divisions since 1906, members of the Labour Party have been in both lobbies. On some very important questions the Labour Party has been divided. It was so on the Education Bill, though there were very definite instructions from the Labour and Trades Union Congresses to support the national solution of this question. It has been so on the Navy Vote, where Labour members have voted against the majority of the party to suit certain of their constituents. Innumerable other instances might be cited. If there be differences in the Labour Party

on the Insurance Bill is no new thing. The position of those who may differ from the majority who have " adopted " the Insurance Bill is far stronger than that of

the minority who went against the party on the Education Bill, because in this case of the Insurance Bill, there is absolutely no doubt about it that the minority of the Labour Party who will not "adopt" the Insurance Bill are supported by the opinions of the overwhelming majority of the Labour Party in the country.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
FREEDOM NECESSARY.

No party could ever hold together for a month which insisted upon all its members voting as they were told by the official clique of the party. Every party must allow a certain latitude for the expression of individual opinion. Every party does it,and it is all the better for it. The complaint of the Labour party against the other parties has been that they forced their members into the lobby against their convictions. It will be a bad day for any party when that can be truly said to be its deliberate and regular policy. Men do not leave a party because of differences of opinion on one particular question. Only differences on the question of 'general policy could justify separation from one's party. The differences in the Labour party on the Insurance Bill are not fundamental; but nobody can help seeing that there are tendencies at work in the party which if allowed to go on will carry the party clear away from the course which it was formed to follow. If the Labour party has "adopted" the Insurance Bill because it believes it to be a measure worth supporting with one or two amendments, then differ- ences on that matter are not fundamental. But if the Insurance Bill has been "adopted;' not on its merits hut because the majority of the Labour party are under some obligation to help to keep this Government in office, then a very fundamental question is raised and one upon which it is impossible to com- promise. No difference of opinion on the merits of a measure can ever cause a " split" in the Labour party; differences of opinion on matters af policy can, and certainly would do so if there were any determined departure from the fundamental principle of the party, namely its absolute independence of other parties. WHAT INDEPENDENCE IS.

There is still, I find, a good deal of mis- conception as to what is consistent with independence in a Labour Party. A few days ago I discovered in a public meeting that there was a general impression among the Socialists present that it was considered a

breach of independence for the Labour Party in Parliament to vote with the Liberals under any circumstances. No measure which a Liberal Government could propose could possibly in any of its details be worthy of the support of the Labour Party. That was their idea; and therefore on all occasions the Labour Party in Parliament must vote against the Liberals, just to show that it has not and cannot have any dealings with them. That is very silly, and shows an incapacity for clear thinking which is deplorable. Political independence does not mean wrapping the cloak of self-righteousness around one and refusing to associate with any others. It means being free and independent to associate for a particular purpose with anybody who may be useful in gaining that purpose. It means being free and independent to use any Party to serve one's own purpose. An independent Labour Party which is relatively small in numbers must use other parties if it means to get anything done. The one thing to always keep in mind is to see that in whatever it does, the party does not in any way com- promise its absolute freedom of action. A Labour Party in Parliament is perfectly right in voting with a Laueral Government when it is gaining something by so doing, but a Labour Party is absolutely wrong and it is running straight on to the rocks when it supports a Government for the convenience of that Government and to its own detriment. That is the possible policy of a Labour Party which would certainly "split" it from top to bottom. THE RECENT BYE-ELECTION. The result of the bye-election in the Keighley division, following on the Kilmarnock poll, is highly satisfactory. It shows that the Labour movement is not going back. A more militant policy on the part of the Labour Party in Parliament would be of great assistance to the move- ment in the country. The workers are ready to respond to a strong and intelligent lead. But I confess frankly that the most surpris- ing thing about the Keighley result is that the Labour candidate should have received such a large poll. When the only difference which the ordinary elector can see between the Liberal leaders and the Labour leaders is that the former want the Insurance Bill with sixty-five amendments, and the latter have " adopted " the Bill as it is and only want one or two amendments at the most, I frankly confess that I see no reason why the electors should prefer a Labour to a Liberal candidate. If the Liberal Party is doing the work of the Labour Party then there is no need for the Labour Party. But if the Labour Party has no greater purpose than present day Liberalism it has indeed lost its vision, and it will experience the fate of all who have no ideal.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
66 GOODALLS." 66 ALLGOOD" ART CARPET.

BRITISH-MADE. SEAMLESS. REVERSIBLE. DURABLE. GUARANTEED 10 BE TIIE BEST VALUE EVER OFFERED IN CARPETS.

"GOODALLS " POSSESS THE SOLE RIGHT OF SELLING THESE CARPETS IN GREAT BRITAIN

21 yards a 2i yards. 15s. 9d. B&9d. 3 , x 3 „ Ma Gd. 3 „ 13i „ 26L34. 3 „ x i „ 3os. Od. OTHER SIZES IN PROPORTION. Samples Loaned on Application. Please Write. Prompt Attention to Orders.

POSTAL ORDER DEPARTMENT. TERMS CASH OR SATISFACTORY REFERENCE WITH ORDER.

S f GOODALLS,"

KING-STREET, MANCHESI ER.

Estnbliabel 1827.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
WHOOPING COUGH and Choking Bronchitis Cored by VENO'S LIGIUNING COUGH CUBE.

Mrs. Col I ip, 0, Vandy Street, Worship Street, London E.C., writes Sly niece suffered for four months from a choking Idonchitie and whooping ciongb. She had the best &deice, but got hardly any relief, sod I wan at my alt's end what to do for her. Then I tried Venn's Lightning Cough Cure, and the result wise really m rvellous. She obtained abatst immediate relief, and is now quite cured." Pencil' Lightning Cough Cure is safe for the youngest child, and was awarded the Grand Prix and Gold Medal at the recent Paris Health Exhibition. I'rioe 03d., Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN ' FOUND DROWNED " AT LATCHFORD

Previous Night's Strange Conduct.

An ir (pleat arm held at the Police Stetlen on Monday by CoroLer S Brighouse on the body of Soasnah Lee, agcd 45, the nile of Thomas Lee, a noel:till), 39. Lsirn•street, mhose body sau recovered from the Latchford and Runcorn canal near Illackhear Bridge, Lett hford, on the 26th inst.

Ellen Seed, a married woman, residing at 16, Lairs. street, said that the deceased was her mother. She last new her alive at 674 am. on Wednesday the 25th feat, when she came into witoesa' bedroom and awakening her asked for the shilling that deceased bad lent her and icating that she "meant to do it" no matter what they said. Witness asked her what she wee talking about and what would become of herself (wi(ness) and Joseph. She told witness to look after him, and she would go home. Deceased then left tbe house and did not return. She had since identified the body. The previous night deceased was under the Whitene of drink and wanted to go out and witness had to lock the door to keep Ler in. She had threatened to do herself , berm on many occasions. She was under the care of Dr. McKee.

In reply to the Coroner, a itorns stated that on the morning of the 25th, deceased left her own house and oame into ber's (witness's) bedroom. Jchn Shaw, a labourer, 3, Manor Cottages, lAstchford, said at 7.30 p.m on the 25th Met, whilst walking sloeg the tow path of the Latchford and Runcorn Canal and when near to Blackbear Bridge, be news woman get op from the side of the bank. He asked her what she wax doing there and persuaded her to go home, Sho persisted in going her own way. She was ostler the influence of drink, lie informed epolicemen who went in reemh of the woman but failed to find her. - . _

Joseph Shaw, lock-keeper at Manor Locks, betel- ford, and father of the preeiotta witoess,said that about 8.30 a.m. on Thursday, the 26th, he was informed that there wine body of a woman in the canal. Ifs pro- ceeded to the spot and mew the body of the deceatted nesting face downwards in the water. Ile recovered the body, at d the police removed it to the mortuary. The Coroner remarked that it was a Streets coinci- dence that John Shaw ehould see the women, and than hut father recover the body the following meriting. The jury returned a verdict of " Found Drowned " , there being no evidence to tbow bow the deceased had got into lb. Inter.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR SERIAL STORY.

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 1.1 (Copyrighted in the Cut(et: States of Ample(' by Arthur W. IPrrehmont.)

seen cleverly; and it bore fruit. it was In- deed the truth that he would rather Bulmer had married the rich Mrs. Caulfield instead of Helen; and her suggestion started the thought that he might, perhaps, be able to find means of gaining his end. There could be no harre in separating Helen and Bulmer, If it could be done.

Indeed, in Bulmer's interest it might be the best possible thing. If he were to marry Helen, while under the infatuation—yes, he did agree that that was the proper term to describe his son's feeliers—and then find that he had madc ;instate aud had sacrifice. everything, it would be almost a tragedy. Could he persuade Helen to agree to the separation? From a more or less vague speculation to an actual desire was an easy step; and then succeeded a consideration of the means which h 3 could employ to influence her. He was always slow to adopt ally course which called for decision and action; and at first he got no further than the desire to employ "influ- ence." For that to develop into coercion required the stimulus of other pressing con- siderations; and these were soon to come. Since her recognition as the heiress of the Chase, Lotto had shown her appreciation of the change in many ways. She felt herself to be a p,rson of much more importance than hitherto, and had not hesitated to let others understand as much.

To a certain extent Mr. Gerald Grainger, as her affianced husband and future master of the Chase, shared this feeling; and toward the end of the week he drove over to the Chase and took with him a !Fiend, whom he introdueed as the Hon. Jasper Bostoek, • prominent American sad a member of the State .Legislature of Colorado. . . . .

So far as he knew, that description Ives cor- rect. The two men had met at a dinner in London; and Grainger had allowed the American, who had a plentiful stock of good American yarns, a captivating manner, and apparently command of plenty of money, to Ain his way easily into his friendship, and partly into his. confidence.

• Ainongst other things he had told the American a good deal about Lotta and her father; and his object in taking him to the Chase was really to impress the other with a sense of hie importance as the future mas- ter of the place. As a matter of fact, however, Ilostock had a very definite motive in going there. Ile had been intensely interested in certain parts of the story about Sir Gregory which he had heard; he had jumped at certain conclusions which he was very anxious to put to the test ; and he believed that if he could verify them the visit might have excellent resu:ts for himself.

Sir Gregory was away at Quarter Sessions on the afternoon of their visit, and as Mrs. Caulfield did not like Grainger, Lott& re- ceived the two min alone.

Bostock was keen enough to read the posi- tion at a glance, and made himself extremely aFeeable to Lotto. He told a lot of stories, discussed hunting and golf and sport gener- a:ly, the subjects which interested her, and being tactfulness personified, asked to see the grounds, and then, although he knew that Grainger cared very little for Lotta and very much for the money, discreetly lost himself, so that the two might have a good time by themselves; and he stayed assay until Sir Gregory returned home. He was introduced to him over an after- noon cup of tea, and having invented an ex- cuse for getting rid of the others, turned his attention to the real object of his visit. He succeeded in putting Sir Gregory at his ease, and after a time introduced the subject of his own country. Polities at first, then Colorado, and from that to life in Western America.

He din not fail to observe Sir Gregory reluctance to discuss such matters, and his attempts to turn the conversation into other channels; but he was not a man to be put off easily, and after having told one or two little fictions about his experiences in what he called the period of his adventurous life out there, lie went to the point. "There is one story I must tell you," he said lightly. "It shows how much stranger real life is than fiction. Its about an Englishman, too. A low down sort; I re- member him well, but the name slips me for the moment. Curious how names will drop out of one's mind. We all thought he bad been a bad egg. lie was in a mining camp out in Montana in the days before the 'lndi- cates had made it impossible for a miner in a small way to do big things. He had a claim and worked it with a partner, and one day the two thought they had struck it rich."

--'`f think I will get you to tell me another time, Mr. Bostock," murmured Sir Gregory. "It won't take a minute. Well, what a.o you think Mr. Englishman did? The thought of the wealth was just too much for him, I suppose, and he couldn't bear the idea of not having the whole thing for himself. So he sized things up in his own fashion, and, having been mixed up in a bank raid, as it turned out, he put the Sheri on to his part- ner and swore an information that he was the thief. Would you believe it of any man? Of course justice was pretty crude out there at the time, and the man was hauled off. This gave the Englishman time to get all he wanted out of the mining claim, at least, that was what he hoped; for as a matter of fact the claim petered out at once, and thus the man gained nothing by his treachery. But it cost poor Jake Stevens dear. Ile was convicted, wrongfully, as it turned out, but I when at length he got free he found that his wife and child had died in want in his absence. Some men have hard luck, haven't they?" But the story did not have the effect on which Bostock had calculated, and Sir Gre- gory rose with a commonplace remark in reply. Bostock rose at the same time and stood between Sir Gregory and the door, looking him straight in the face. . • _

"I bar; just remembered tho Englishman's name," he said.

I do not wish to hear it, thank you," said Sir Gregory, quietly. "I think it will interest you; you may know hiin. Afterwards he came back to England and became a rich man, and got a title. His name then was Gregory Powell. Now it is—ah, I thought it would interest you," hennoke off, as his hearer turned deathly pale, and, staggering back, fell into a chair and looked up at him, a prey to help- less, overpowering terror, Bostock turned to the window and looked out for some moments.

Then, without looking round at his victim, he said in a quiet, even tone: "You have a very fine place here, Sir Gregory Trevellock, and of course no one knows what I have told you about Gregory Powell except myself. Yon might like to ask Inc to stay a while i with you, just to talk things over n a per- fectly friendly way- I can think of nothing I should like better. And I can tell you a lot more that I know about your country- man when you have a mind to hear it. What do you say? Is it a deal?" But Sir Gregory had not yet recovered sufficient self-command to reply. Jasper Bostock smiled to himself confi- dently. "Well, think it over," he said, aa he walked jauntily out of the room. _

CIIAPTETt. V. MR. ROSTOCK MAKER A DISCOVERY.

"It's a funny little world. Grainger, this globe of ours,' said Bostock, as his friend was driving him home from the Chase, "and mighty twatl for its size." "What do you mean by that" "Why, it turns out that ,cur baronet friend is an old acquaintance of mine. I had the time of my life chatting to him while you were making things hum with that best girl of yours. A peach of a girl, too." "You mean that you knew Sir Gregory before?"

" You're hit it, first time. I never saw a man so touched when he recognised me. De- lighted isn't the word for it;' and he laughed drily at his own words. "Nothing will satisfy him but that I shall go and stop there for as long as I can.— t`W,liere did you know him?" Grainger

,11‘17.

was 0 rpm.

Sat,

weryoue

"In the old days, of eour.e, was a bully good fellow; e, good word for him; and I's come a heap of miles just to tat and again he laughed at hi phrase. "He didn't do match good fo, mean he didn't make any money." "Too openhearted—too green, if you like. Always the tenderfoot, and as straight as— ercll, I suppose he's just the same as ever. I shan't be a bit surprised if he presses me to go to the Chew as Boon as I leave you. It's a lovely old place, too. You're a lucky man.'

ke hie

- "The place is all right," growled Grainger, somewhat grudgingly. "My dear Grainger, there's always a fly in the amber, and the wise man is be who makes a curio of it instead of a flaw. And after all, women are just as charming as we please to imagine them." "You're not married." 'li I had the chance of marrying such a place as Trevellock Chase I soon should be; and if I were a few years younger, I'll be hanged if I wouldn't enter the lists against you. I suppose Tou've made certain that that most charming, if slightly acid, young lady will inherit it; '

"You may gamble en that," laughed Grainger. "It was kept secret for a long time, but it's well known now. I fancy the old man was afraid of ructions. Lotta doesn't hit it with her people." "Well, I can imagine thing. Which would astonish me more than that," replied Boa. toek drily. "As I say, you're in luck, and I hope you'll enjoy all that's coming to you," and once more he chuckled at his own thoughts. Bostock was indeed in an excellent humour as the result of the visit to the Chase. Matters had been going badly with him for some time past, and money had become tin. comfortably scarce. lie had nothing except his wits on which to live, and as he believed lie would be able to draw a comfortable little income from Sir Gregory for holding his tongue tae prospect was exceedingly pleasant. ''By the way, how many children are there besides the charming Miss Lollar he asked, after a pause. "Only one, a son, Bulmer. A supercilious brute he is, too, lie came of age the other day, and everyone thought he was the heir. Bather cheap, wasn't it?" "And doesn't the daughter get on with her mother, then!" _

'She isn't her own mother. Only step- mother."

"Ah ! well, that does make a difference, doesn't it? She's older than her brother, of course?"

--;lfibe's just three and twenty. You're devilieh inquisitive." "My dear fellow, I'm going to stop in the hous2, and want to know the ropes. That's all." But it was not all by any means. He had heard the statement of Lottn's age with some surprito, and had been making a rapid mental calculation. But he kept the results of it to himself. He remembered to a month the date when he had known of Sir Gregory in America; that at that time he was already married and had a child; and that that child would have been more than three and twenty years old. lie was thinking of it for the rest of the drive, and it suggested some other points in which he and his "old friend" Sir Gregory would be mutually interested. The prospects might be even more promising than he had at first thought. A couple of days later he told Grainger that the invitation had come from Sir Gregory, and that, instead of returning to town, he should go to his old friend for a week or two.

lie was in high spirits as he drove up to the Chase. Things were all going his way, rod he intended to make matters with hit Gregory as little unpleasant so possible. He preferred to cover his rascality with as heavy a veneer as practicable, and he had always found that a laugh and a quip could be quite as effective as any blunter and cruder methods.

Ile was shown into Sir Gregory's study, and he began by thanking him profusely for thc invitation. But Sir Gregory was too mi- nified and nervous to understand such an attitude. He was anxious to learn the worst at once—if possible, to find out what Bostock demanded, and to pay him, if necessary, and get rid of him. "I have thought over all you said the other day, Mr. Boatcx.k," ho said, breaking in rather abruptly. "You are labouring under a great mistake, but for the moment I cannot explain things to you. Now, what is it you want?"

"Well, the truth is Sir Gregory, I am in s considerable difficulty. The man I men- tioned to you the other day was a great friend of Mine. I mean Jake Stevens. When he came out of gaol he was, as you may imagine, mad with rage against the partner who had served him such a trick, and the death of his wife and child under eueh con- ditions drove him almost out of his mind. He swore to have Powell's life in return for thei swl he bound me. amon,tst ethers, by a solemn pledge to give him instant news of his enemy, if ever we discovered him. Ti this hour he hugs the thought of reven[e." "You know where he is?"

Bostoek nodded. "He has made money. and he would give thousands of pour ds foi the information. Well, now, I'll be quit( frank with you. I am a poor man. Thing! have gone wrong v ith me for years, and th, fortune I accumulated as the result of hail work out there has gone. You see Ow posi tion

"I repeat that you have made a etrang( ;.1,/ke. You presume that I sin the man w 8 guilty of that supreme treachery?" "I presume nothing, sir. I il.ink it is question which Jake himself could be settle. For myself, I cannot believe that man of honour like you could possibly be th man for whom he is searching. But I coul. bring him here, if you like." This was absolutely untrue; but it was put so naturally that Sir Gregory did not think of doubting it. As a matter of fact, Bostoek had not seen the man of whom he spoke for twenty years. Sir Gregory sat for some time in deep thought. Then, with a deep sigh, he said: "Although the matter does not touch me personally, and I have nothing to fear from it. I am anxious that nothing should be said about it—at any rate, for the present." "I am entirely in your hands, Sir Gregory, and nothing would cause me greater pain than to bring any sort of trouble, deserved or un- deserved, upon you. I think some sort of un. derstanding,l3etween us would be quite simple to arrange." "You mean a money arrangement." Bostoek threw up hi 3 hands with a smile. "You have very kindly asked me to stay her, for a while; at least I gathered from your let- ter that that was your wish; and I shall be more than glad to accept your invitation. And if you could oblige me with a loan, to be repaid, of course, the instant my affairs are in better condition, I should feel my- self under a double obligation to you." Sir Gregory frowned. The thought of yielding to blackmail in this fashion was bit. ter and galling in the extreme; but for the time, at any rate, there was no escape. "I will see to that," be said, with a wave of the hand.

-7.1- am delighted to be of service to you. Sir Gregory, said Bostock, stroking his carefully trimmed whiskers and beard with an air of one who is conferring a groat fav- our. "And I may as well mention another little circumstance. It will prevent our hay- ing to refer to the subject at • future time. Of course, I understand that you cannot be the same Gregory Powell, because he was then married, and had a child, a daughter, ir fact; and that child would be a year or twa older than the charming young lady to wl,j I had the pleasure of an introduction IV other dim I knew the wife's family we.ll. . _

_ —This—PAS another lie; but Bostock was more than satisfied with its effect. The blow had gone home; and Sir Gregory eat with face averted, gripping the arms of his chair as he fought for self-command. "I can see you know nothing of that." con- tinued Bastock. "I know that Powell de- serted both wife and child, and they disap- peared from the west altogether. Probably they are long since dead." Sir Gregory's hands left the arms of the chair. and his fingers were tightly inter- locked u he bowed his bead and !wrest back a trout of anguish at the thought of the

Novem

•k. I have _ I must ask

on," cried "I ought to

perdoi feet.

!Peen

you. But when I once get started on the topic of those old times my • tong& is sure to run away with me." He lingered a moment as if expecting his victim to speak; and -Sir Gregory, under- standing, said: "You will remain with us for a time, then?" "My dear sir, I shall be charmed. You know our President's word, 'Dee-lighted.'" and he laughed, as if the jest dismissed the whole of the unpleasant secret that formed the bond between them.

J hare trouble

As he turned to the door it was opened from without, and Mrs. Caulfield entered. "Oh. I beg your pardon, Sir Gregory. I though you were alone," she cried, pausing on the threshold and ooking at Bostock in surpeis?. "Come in, Mrs. Caulfield," said Sir Greg- ory. "I may introduce to you a countryman of your own, Mr. Jasper Bostock, from Col- orado, a senator of the Legislature of that State. He is staying at the Chase for a time." .

am charmed to meet you, madam," said Bostock, and no one cud have told by his manner that the meeting gave anything but the pleasure he declared. _ _

Mrs. Caulfield bowed. "From Colorado, senator? That is fortunate indeed. We shall have many mutual friends. What I wished to say to you can wait, Sir Gregory; and as I see the senator man in the act of leaving you perhaps he will do me the favour of a stroll in the grounds and a chat over soy dear State's affairs. I am positively starving for the latest news from there."

"I an entirely at your service, Mrs. Caul- field," replied Bostock with a courteous bow. and with that he followed her from the room, cursing the ill-luck which had fallen thus un- expectedly across his path at the moment when everything else had been goiw" smoothly, and wondering hew he was to Vigo' Ise awkward mishap to his advantace rne spoke first about the old house, and praised the beauty of the place until they reached a secluded part of eie grounds. "You will know any name, Mr. --; I don't think I caught yours quite correctly." "Jasper Bostoek, madam; and much to my regret, I do not recall having heard your name before. I—l do not think that we have ever met."

"That was not my fault nor my late hus- band's," replied Mrs. Caulfield very drily. "I think you left the State rather hurriedly. My husband was Abner Caulfield, and he was a senator," she added pointedly. "And you suggest—what?" he asked, with complete self-possession. . . "lilt

Ellie laughed' and shook her head. apx.user _

Th'lS- what any use, my dear lady?" "My husband died about two years ago, and just before his death his safe visa burgled and a number of eecurities taken. The man who did it skipped; but his guilt was brought home quite clearly to him. His Intos then was Ned Pritchard, a very well-kw-c.i crook, who had seen the State peniter'..ary from the inside; and will see it again the moment the Denver police know where to find him. But he was not a State senator, you know, at any rate not at that time." "I 4uess that that's quite likely," he re- plied imperturbably. "Perhaps, as I have put you next to 80 much of his history, you'll tell me the rest —senator."

"My dear madam, I know nothing what- ever about it."

"I think you may as well come off. I'm only a woman, and a little one at that ; but I'm not exactly an easy one to monkey with. What are you doing here, anyway? A word from me to Sir Gregory will make things hum."

_ 'Well, I think the beat thing will be for us to go back to him for you to say what you like," he replied slowly. "But I don't think it'll have quite the effect you reckon. But—please yourself." " What do you mean by that?" "That's a question I should like the old gentleman to answer for himself," he drawled slowly and meaningly. This attitude perplexed her. She shot a glance of inquiry up into his smiling, self- complacent face, and then guessed something of the reason.

"When a man of your sort talks like that, there is on:y one meaning to it. Now, I'm a rich woman; I can send you back to Derver with a word; or I can pay you well to do my work; and I have something which such a man as you can do for me. I give you two minutes to tell me things." If. used up one of the minutes to think, and then smiled. "I'm up against it, sure, good, and hard; and if we can make a deal, we will."

That was the preface to a conference be- tween the two which lasted over an hour; and as they entered the bouee again and met Sir Gregory, Mrs. Caulfield announced the result.

"We've had just the loveliest talk, Sir Gregory; and the senator and I understand each other entirely." "Entirely," agreed Bostock with * smile. "A most interesting talk."

Log billffitf one nignt atter no me. wasting it new, dear, win in the end." YOU can wait- and grow old. . It is tor anyone who has not it up to work. to try and find it. I i 5,... And I knew what it means to go touting among one's friends. Friends! Nice frieuds they ore wheel one is rich and all that, but when the money's _gone you may whistle for the friendship. His friends won t help him. You'll see." '• I don't think they will; but he does not dernd on them. But he will get something to do soon. And meanwhile you wouldn't bane me make the time harder for him by re- fusing to wait and have confidence in him." "I wouldn't hare you waste your life for him or anyone else. You're too good for that; and you're older than ho is, you know."

oiscut hvl g,ne hG " I am not _

home.

I can

will Tee,

"Something's the matter with Ton to- night, Mary." laughed Helen. "You ye eaten aomething that ham disagreed with you.'' "This is the matter," was the reply, and she took out a letter. "The Burbidgea have got another governess for that horrid little brat of theira. I knew something was up, beenuee that woman was so agreeable to nie this afternoon."

"I am sorry, dear. But you were never comfortable there."

"I am never comfortable, as you call it, anywhere. I suppose because I'm thirty. and dress shabbily, they think they can treat me as they please. If I had money, and dressed in silica instead of rags, and drove up in a carriage, they'd lick thogluet off my boots. The cads!"

"We must try to find a little more typing work, and make it up that way." "I loathe typing. You know that, Helen. wish I was dead. No one cares."

"I care, Mary; and if we put our 'Moulders to the wheel it will all come right presently, and we bhall laugh together ores these hard times."

''l shall never laugh until I get some money, and that will be never. If my father hadn't been no stupid he'd have settled enough on me somehow to give mc a decent living: and if I hadn't been such a coward I should have done what he did and got out of it all long ago. I'm no use to anyone." ''Well, we won't say any more about it to- night," said Helen, rising to go to bed. "To- morrow morning you'll be able to take a brighter Tim of things." "I wish with all my heart that there wasn't going to be any to-morrow morning for nie at ail," was the gloomy response. "If you're wise you'll take warning by my case. You can see what the end will be if you go on waiting for something to happen that never will happen." Mary Peseott remained in this condition of doleful despair for a week or two, and then Helen noticed a change in her. She ceased to harp upon her own troubles, but found every posaible chance of urging Helen to break with Bulmer, prophesying dire dis- aster unless she did so.

And in the meantime, to Helen's conster- nation, her own work began to be uncer- tain and difficult to obtain. Three engage- ments a; accompanist at concerts at private houses were cancelled without any reason being given, and two firms who had em- ployed her constantly for typing took the work away. Bulmer came up to London again just after this had occurred, and when she told him he only laughed and said it did not matter now. Ile had an opening at last, he declared, and, if all went well, there would soon be no need for either typing or piano playing. "It came through my father's bankers," he explained. "I rich American, named Burrell, has a huge place about a hundred miles from Chicago, and he doesn't like the way things are going in the development of it, and wants to send some one out to give him s straight report." "You will have to go away, then?" cried Helen, her face falling at the prospect. "Only for a month or two at most. And when I get, back, there will be something here for me. He is buying big estates in the north, and I shall have the agency and the management. It's quite a thousand a year. Think of it, Helen, a thousand a year and just the work of all others that will emit me. Of course I shall have to do the Ameri- can business all right; but I'm not afraid about that. I'm to have £250 and all my expenses for that." "It is splendid," she agreed; hut there was no enthusiasm in her voice.

He was too tented by his good luck to notice this, and rattled on, making plan after plan for the future until he had in some de- gree infected her with his own feeling of de- light. "And now I'm going to take your breath away," he said at length, with a hearty laugh. "How?" "I want you to go with "Hulmer! she exclaimed, with a catch of the breath.

I said I should," he laughed, "and I have. But I am serious. It will be the best possible thing for us both. Throw up that dingy old West Kensington and all the click- clacking of the typewriting and take the plunge at once. We can get married very quietly here in London; you can have that Pescott girl with you—whom I don't like, by the way—and I can get a triend as best man who'll hold his tongue—" But your promise to your father. But. mer?"

only promised that we would not be married until I had a position good enough to marry on; and here it is. And who knows, when we once get out to the States we might find something even better than coming back here at all. Its a land of infinite possibili- ties, and we're both able to face things." But Helen shook her head. "I have had to fare troubles, and know what they mean, Bulmer. You might not get the appoint- ment here on your return, and then I should be a clog and a hindrance to your advance- ment."

"You're not afraid to take the risk, surely?' I for myself; but you have never known what it is to be poor." "Haven't I, by Jove. Why, I'm as poor as a church mouse," he interrupted. "I mean that you have never had to earn a slice of bread before you could eat it— that sort of poverty. It is bad enough for one, but it would be infinitely worm if there were two of us. It is not of myself that I'm thinking; but I could not bear to feel that I had dragged you down." "Is that all the faith and trust you have in met" he asked with a laugh. "Don't say that; don't even hint at it, but I have been at close grips with poverty; am again now, it seems, and no one who has sot felt the pinch can understand what it really moons. Besides, there are other reasons," she added, after a pause. "'You— you don't know me yet." "I know that there is only one woman in the world for me," he cried, slipping his arm round her waist and drawing her to him. "My Helen," he whispered, as he kissed her. She put her arms on his shoulders and looked into his eyes. "I have never even told you the story of my life," she said _ _ .

"My 'dearest, I have you, and don't care two straws about your story. Do what I ask you, Helen! Let us he married at once, and come out with me to America. It is best for us both."

"How you tempt me," she whimpered, smiling, but she shook her head. "And how I should love to go with you "It doesn't look much like it," he replied ruefully. "I'm afraid you are on my father's side rather than mine.'

"How do you mean?" "He declares that we ought to he sepa- rated for • time as a test. 'I hat's one reason why he's so keen on this American affair." 11l wonder which of us he doubts.••

thilmer laughed. "Me, I think. But then he is always harping on the need for my having pots of money to keep up the family position. Hang the -family position. What's the us- of keeping up anything that only means unhappiness' Things are all altered at the Chase, somehow, too. All FII,II and sevens and discomfort. No. I've set my heart on your going with me. and if you won't go I don't think I shall." "That would be madness. dear."

"Then keep me sane,''' he replied; so 4 tie)' boil! lagghed. " Yt•o lee you go going

INICT Ir- ..iiikii Aff.4._.. - ~- ,'• is persecutor I wes " 11, idiocuss this ' aim da ' Mr. ostock. I not knoist a* tittle dmisci and Ilia h a. 44 .. . he munnuitd. elk:1Z; - iVi ir‘g ten thousand . ..,.. . jock, jumping to his * h rinown ths+ ---*

nem over n:E.I. Any furthet to-day, been cell for you to eleuee nu.," Wait. Ile "Wait? - 800. I know *hat • been brought ' bad to.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR GREGORY'S SILENCE

Ey ARTHUR W. MARCHMONT, Airhor of " The Manyl-.0 Was Ueeel," '' By Right

a Sword; &c.

CHAPTER IV. .1111 HON. JASPER BOSTOCK.

ty the morning Sir Gregory had changed his mind again. The confession which had appeared feasible in the darkness and aoli- tude of the night bore a very different look when the actual time arrived for it to be made.

He had at first thought of taking Helen to his study after breakfast anth telling the truth to her alone, and asking her forgive- ness; but he found himself unequal to the task. Then he resolved to tell his wife first, and leave her to tell Helen and the rest. He himself would go away for a time. That appeared the simplest way, but • difficulty arose in regard to tht. Lady Tre- vellock was not so well in the morning, and any disturbing news might have a very bad effect upon her. He welcomed the respite, and let the day pass without speaking. It was not his fault, he told himself. It would be hazardous to distress her in her weak state, and he must wait at least until • she was better. It would not be more than a day or two.,at most, and no harm could come by putting off his revelation for a few days. Meanwhile he found last his conditional consent to the marriage had been welcomed by Bulmer and Helen. Bulmer was glad of the chance of proving the sincerity and strength of his love, and liked the thought of having to work for her. Helen was quilt willing to wait for him, and altogether the arrangement was one which appealed to them both favourably. Sir Gregory then began to find some ease in the thought that he could make Helen's position and future his special care. He would watch over her and see that her life was made easy and smooth until the time came when the two could be married—if it over was to come.

He began to persuade himself also that his first duty was to his wife. If the truth were told, and he had to admit that be had no right to the Chase, and they were compelled to leave there, he had no means of support- ing her. She was a confirmed invalid, and had grown accustomed to the enjoyment of all the comforts which the Income from the estates yielded; they were necessary to her; and to cut her off from them might involve her death.

The doctors had warned him often that only the greatest care and freedom from trouble and worry would preserve her life, and he was bound to think of all that. Bub mer himself would have been the first to urge such a course. And then there was the consideration that as Helen herself knew nothing of her rights. she was not actually suffering by the loss of them. She %vas happy in her work and inde- pendence. She liked the life she lived; and by giving his consent to the marriage he had added the element of hope to her life, which made it sweeter than ever. Other considerations occurred to him readily when he began in this way to per- suade himself that, after all, silence was the best course. Helen herself would not like the thought of there being any disgrace attaching to the father of the man she was to marry. And thus he came gradually to the conclusion that, at any rate, nothing should be done in a hurry. He would wait and see v. hat occurred. It was always open to him to tell the truth and set matters right, and lie would say nothing until necessity com- pelled him, or a favourable opportunity came for speaking. Helen went hack to London, therefore, in Ignorance of the wrong done her, and act about her work with a heart lighter than ever as the result of her visit to Bulmer's home. Bulmer went up with her on the pre text that it was necessary for him to lose no time in finding some sort of employment. Two days later Mrs. Caulfield found occa- sion to speak to Sir Gregory on the change in the position of affairs. "I find myself in a very awkward position, Sir Gregory, and want your advice. Lady Trevellock is very anxious for me to stay on here for a time, but I scarcely know what to do."

"I hope you won't think of going, at least until Mary is better," he said anxiously. "She is so fond of you." "But things are all altered—you what I mean, Bulmer's engagement. For me to be here when he is at the Chase would— well, you can see," and she finished with a gesture of embarrassment. "My dear lady, you know my wishes. but—" and he sighed. "I have no wish, of course, except for his happiness. Do you think this girl will rerrlfs, make him happy?" . .

Sir Gregory threw up his hands with a gesture of doubt. "May I speak whel is in my mind?" she continued. 'lf I may, I don't think she will. I mean, of course' that he has been accus- tomed so long to luxury that any change will he serious." .

"He is very much in lore with her," said ".:r Gregory, wry tactlessly. Mrs. Caulfield winced inwardly at the thrust, but replied with a very frank smile. "If you think she will make him happy, I can perhaps help in getting him an excellent appointment. I have many friends who would gladly do what is vecessary. But of course it would not do for him to know that it is my doing." "I think you are one of the beat of women."

She laughed. Not quite that, perhapt ; but at any rate I will see what I can do, and it shan be done without my hand showing. But I am going to be very frank. You know how much I had set my heart on winning his love; and I am American enough not to give in without • struggle. I still have hopes that time may cure him of this infatuation—for I can call it nothing ekie, can you?—and if the two were tested by a separation for a while, don't you think it would be best in all interests? I do."

She was watching him very keenly, and perceived the effect of the suggestion. It was clear to her that he did not desire the mar- riage; but she wished to know how far he would go in the effort to prevent it. "I could not do anything against my. son, Mrs. Caulfield. He is of age and able to Judge for himself in inch a matter; and I could not Interfere, of course. But I say candidly at once that I would a thousand times rather have had you for my daughter-in-law than the woman he has chosen. But he has chosen." "It will take him some considerable time In any cage to make such a position as will enable him to marry; and i/ during a por- tion of that time—a year or two say—they were to agree not to meet, it would be the best test, don't you

"My dear Mrs. Caulfield, Bulmer would never agree to such • thing." But Miss Paxton might. Suppose, for In- stance, that she were to be taken out of the squalid poverty of her present position and assured of an income for a year or two, with the separation as a condition, don't you think she would agree!" "Absence makes the heart grow fonder, re. inember."

"Yes, in proverbs," replied Mrs. Caulfield drily. "But there is another thing. If he is to make his way quickly, be had better not be hampered by having to make both love and money at the same time. Dear toe, how late it is," she broke off. "And I promised to go to your wife a quarter of an hour ago. Well, think over %%hat I have mid," she added, and hurried away. 414 think it over. She had sown No

===== 0002601_19111104_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTCR VL NARY PESCOTT.

Miring the fortnight which followed Helen's visit to the Chase she saw a great deal of Buttner. They returned to London together, and he remained there, "looking for something to do," an he put it; and meeting everywhere with failure. He Ind heaps of friends, but none of them would be- lieve that he was serious in his desire to find the means of earning his own living. His easy life at Eton and Oxford bad been the worst of all preparations for the strenuous work of any career; and the fort- night served to bring home to him in some degree the actual difficulties to be faced. He was beginning to realise the full effects of the change in his position. anti Helen was too shrewd not to see his disappointment and chagrin. "No one will take me seriously." he ex- claimed more than once. "They only laugh when I say I want work, and don't care what it is."

"It is sure to be a little difficult at first," she replied gently; and I expect you will have to settle in your own mind the kind of work you wish to get." This was common sense, of course; but he could not yet appreciate it. "That's just it. I will try anything,; but what I could really do I do not know.'

"I expect that the men you know are not business men," she suggested. "One or two of them are. Stock Exchange and manufacturers and that sort of thing. But they all want to know how much money I can invest; and when I tell them none at all, they laugh and advise me to go abroad and try my luck in the States or the Cob- me,, or some such rot."

The net result of the fortnight was there- fore that, although he interfered in some degree with Helen's work, he returned to the Chase discouraged and not a little dis- mayed by the difficulties. Helen had to net to work harder than ever to make up for the time which Bulmer had taken up, and she was not a little troubled on Ins account.

She had a friend, Mary Pewit, who shared her little flat in West Kensington, and the latter was quick to perceive Helen's uneasiness.

This girls experience had been something like Buttner's. Her father had been a well- to-do solicitor, and she had been reared in idlencos and comfort. He had, however, be- come intolved in heavy speculations, and had used his clients money, and rather than face the disgrace, had taken his life, leaving the daughter to do the best she could. She had become • governess, therzfore, and having neither the gift of teaching nor the requisite training. had earned • very pre- carious living. But she could Ilge a type- writer, and she helped Helen in this work. She was s•me years the elder of the two, and her experiences had left her discontented, crabbed, and bitterly envious of all who were better off than herself ;and her one con sumiug desire was to get money. " You will waste your life if you wait for Mr. Trevellock, Helen," she said, when they

===== 0002601_19111104_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FOOD THAT DOES YOU GOOD.

VI-COCOA, the Working Man's Beverage

Np man alio has to earn his living by tbe sweat of his brow dare be careless in regard to leis food. Necessarily he has to study economy, but, at the same time, he needs to be extremely careful that the food he consumes adequately replaces the wear and tear of the body occasioned by his daily tasks. TIBBLET VI-COCOA is a most en nominal breakb et and supper beverage; moreover, its nutritive value is such as to place it in the very front rank cf sustaining, strengthening, invigorating and health- giving goods. VI-COCOA feeds the entire system brain and nerves and muscles. It fortifies the body against fatigue and climatic changes. It induces sound sleep and good digestion. It exercises a mcst beneficial influence upon the liver and kidney., and imparts a general feeling of happiness and self-satisfaction. The fact that it is being increasingly wed by working men is proof that it meets working men's require- ments, and if so many thousands derive benefit from 11, as we know they dolt is only reasonable to suppose that you, too, will find it helpful. Give Vi-Cocoa a trial. Never mind what you've been drinking at breakfast or supper in the past, start drinking Vi-Cocoa to-day—you'll feel the benefit of it atone,.

Don, t nßk your gr cur for" Cocoa "—ask for

===== 0002601_19111104_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
Nrweccoa

—lt makes all the difference. Every grocer Belle Vi-Coecia in 6d. packets and Gd, and in. Gd. tine.

to nun my prospects u you persist in ro, fusing." "When do you got" "That's better," he cried, joyfully. "Thai means you are going to give in to reason. don't know how soon; but certainly soon. And now we'll go home. I didn't expect to win you round all at once, for I told you I should take your breath away. You shall have time to recover it, and get used to the idea, and then you'll see that I'm right. My dearest, won't it be just ripping!" It was left there, and when Helen reached the dingy neighbourhood in which the flat was situated, she was somewhat surprised to find that everything about it had become suddenly distasteful to her, and filled her with a repugnance and discontent which were at once novel and disturbing. Mary Pescott o...served this, and saw also that something unusual had occurred, and before they went to bed she had wormed it. all out of Helen

"1 should go if I were you, Helen," she, said. And I give that advice quite disin- terestedly, for it will mean that I shall move to the workhouse."

"You shall have everything in the flat. Mary, and I'll pay the rent in advance for • year, if I do go," she promised. "I can't eat the tableo and chairs, can It" was the ungracious reply. "But it doesn't matter about me. One year is as good as another for me to go to the Union." "She means to marry him and go," said the girl to herself, after Helen had gone off to bed. "She doesn't really care a jot what becomes of me."

Then she did a strange thing. She went to Helen's room and listened to make sum that she was really in bed. Assured on this point, she returned to the sitting-room and wrote a letter, pausing often as she wrote, as if in fear lest Helen might come in an& catch her.

Twice she hurriedly put away the paper in her blotter on hearing some sound; but it. was only someone moving in the fiat above, and she finished her task and read over fur- tively what she had written. It was only s short letter, despite all the time it occupied in the writing and the secrecy she had used. "Mr. I'. has been here to-day, and they have been out together for some hours. tie has asked her to marry him at once, and tm go out with him to America. where lie mays he has an appointment. She has not yet. consented. She is thinking it over. But can se that she will consent; for she has asked me to he bridesmaid if she is married, and she spoke of the dress she would wear. If anything is to be done, it must be done at once. M.P." _ _

"PA.—Please send me tee pounds to the usual address." With a gloating smile over the postscript, she slipped the letter into an envelope, addressed it hurriedly, and stoic silentiy out of the flat to post it. (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19111104_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
BABY CURED OF ECZEMA ON HEAD.

"My baby was about three months old when lie started to suffer from ecsema. Ile had a beautiful head of hair at the tints, but every bit came off. It first broke out on the head and forehead and used to crme in amall yellow beads and in a few days would run water. It :mused the child to scratch and be very irritable. We did not know what it was to have a. good night's rest. We used to put gloves on hies hands at night, and we did not get any net for OM viz months.

"We took him to a doct w, and tried moral different kinds of medicine, but he did not mweive any benefit. Then we read in the paper cf asses which was cured by Cuticura Snap and Ointment, and we thought we would try it at once. We sent for a little Cuticura Ointment, and baby improved immediately. We bought three boxes of Cuticura Ointment and three of Cuticura Soap, and now baby is entirely cured of eczema. We are very pleased we turd Cuticura Soap and Ointment, for the child has a beautiful heed rf hair now, and 3ou would never know he has suffered from eczema. Now be has govt nights' re4t. We shall always recommend it to any of our friends and neighbours, for we are veer pleased we tried Cuticura Soap and Ointment. We have not Bern any eigns of eczema since January last." (Signed) Mrs. N. Chester, Wentworth, nr. Banbury, January 1911. Poet free, from F. Newbery and Son, 27,. Charterhoure q, London, samples of Cadmus Soap. and Ointment, with 32-p. bcok on skin treatment.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
£

===== 0002601_19111104_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
170

===== 0002601_19111104_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

By the visit of Consul this week, Warringtonians have an excellent opportunity of witnessing the intelligence and aptitude for bling taught of the chimpanzee. To be called as " almost man " is a befitting description of Consul and the only manner in which he seems to differ from a man, except for his appearance of course, is his inability to speak. Consul takes his mesh, dresses and undresses, smokes, rides it bicycle, tlys an aeroplane, and performs numerous other feats usually done by humans just as if he was " one of 'em." He has on three occasions appeared before Royalty. David Paget the boy violinist, is gifted to a great degree ia the playing of that instrument, and the applause with which he was rewarded was folly justified. The Wilton Ileriot Trio create a great deal of laughter by the presentment of their farcical tit-bit " Father's footsteps." The scene is centred round the calling of a boy up n a lady for an autograph, and while being no engaged the father appears. The boy immediately seeks refuge behind a screen and has the experience of bearing his father making love to the lady on a Flea of bachelorship. In his excitement the boy inadvertently b 'cake out aloud which leads to his discovery, bue presented with a " soy" to keep "mum." The C.lll. crts are among the most successful tight-wire performers ever witnessed at this house, while a novel dancing and comedy scena " entitled "The Little Deputy" is well portrayed by the Crisps. Rolf Slater is a clever impersonator, his vocal mimicry being particularly good and Jimmy Castelle contri- butes a couple of songs for the singing of which she earns warm approval. The pictures still maintain their high state of efficiency and t' e orchestra c„,ntri- bute a number of pleasing selections.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
MINIATURE RIFLE SHOOTING.

WHITECROSS CO. IT-D. 7, v. APPLETON RIFLE

CLUB. Conditions: 10 shots each at 25 yards. Open Military eights. WII ITECROSS CO. LTD. APPLETON RIFLE CLUB. J Minshull B7 A Shepherd F Tole Bl C P Day B2 E Lydisrd H Baines 73 E Pollard E Legge 72 C H Page S James 7O J Broady 69 H R Baines T Sparkes .7 Eokersley 65 w6l Cowley ........... 56 1' Hooke

SPG iligheet eight to count. Wbitecross won by 2.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOARD OF TRADE AND THE COST OF LIVING.

Some articles have gone up solely on account of the very dry year through which we have passed. For example', it was inevitable that dairy products should become dearer ; but the enhanced price of milk and butter and cLeese reed not necessarily be permanent. Bacon, another very common article of consumption, ban fluctuated very much during the last three or (cur yearn, and it is always possible that dearneu of this kind may—be speedily rectified. The bacon pig Uppers to bean extremely prolific animal and, if the prcuniary reward were sufficiently tempting, farmers would very quickly place large supplies on the market. It wan unavoidable, too, that meat should go op, simply because the pastures were scorched and the cattle leprirred of their natural food, while artificial feeding- stuffs became more expensive. Wheat, on the contrary, has not risen as much as was at one time expected, and those who have it to sell are by no moans sanguine that the markets mill be in their favour. Thus the facts are apparently conflicting. and it can at least do no harm to hold an intelligent enquiry" into the changes Ithat have occurred.—" Country Life.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Si

FTn the = OU RTS

Borough Police Court.

TUESD kr.—Before Councillor C. Jackson-Holmes (in the chair), Colonel Edelsteo, Messrs. T. Locker and

W. Ricbnrdson. FACTORY Acr FROSECCTIONS.—Messre. John Walker and Co., Ltd., newspaper proprietors, Bewsey-street, were summoned for employing women after legal hours, contrary to the F totory Act regulations, on October sth and 60.-str. Warren, ELM. Inspector, stated that over-time was authorised on not more than 90 nights in the year, but by eoploylng women after S p.m. on the dates in question, the firm had exceeded that number. ' Mr, E. V. Walker, on behalf of the company, admitted the offences, but pointed out that that particular law operated with great difficulty in newspaper work. He had already given an assurance to the inspector that there should not be a repetition of the offenea.— Mr. Warren said the firm had been canvictel within the past two years and was therefore liable to a minimum penalty of El in each case.—The magistrates decided that justice would be met by the indiction of a fine of £1 and contain each of eight casea—Mr. W. Richardson did not adjudicate in the above case.— Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co., Ltd., were summoned for working Fix boys after legal hoar. on October Gth.—Mr. F. W. Monks represented the firm and put in a plea of guilty. —Mr. Warren said that be viri,ed the svarks at 10.30 p.m. and was just in time to see four of the boys die. appearing at one end of the work.. Word had gone round that the inspectors were paying a visit and the lads cleared out. They should have finished work at s:3o.—Mr. Monks said that the firm desired to execute an order for shipment at Liverpool the next day and the lads were kept to complete the work.—A previous conviction for a similar offence twelve years ago was proved.—The company was fined 10s. and costa in the first case and Is. and costa in the other five cases.

WEatisspev.—Before Mr. Charles White (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillor C. Jackson-Holmes, and Messrs. J. W. Hayward and W. T. Williams. TIIREE GLASSES OF PORT WINE "UPSET Hot."— William Cotton, of no settled abode, was charged with lbeing drank and disorderly. P.C. Nevvev said that at 11 p in. cn Tuerday the 24th inst., whilst on duty in Winwick-street, he raw the prisoner who was drunk, shouting and acting in a moat disorderly manner. He threw himself on the floor and P.C. Hayes had to assist witness to take the prisoner to the Police Station. On the way to the Polka Station he tripped both con- stables up, sad while in the Police Station his boots I had to be taken off. P.C. Hayes gave corroborative evidence.—The Chief Constable said that the prisoner wes before the Court a week ago and he then stated that his wife had died and cimsrquently he had three glasses of port wine which had upset him.—The Benvh fined him 104. and costa a ith the alternative of 14 days' imprisonment. THCRSDAY.—Before Messrs 3 Rymer Young (in the chair,,W Roberts, WT Williams, A J Jolley,E Woods and Dr Nadeo. I FOUR MONTHS FOR A COWARDLY ASS/a:LT.—Richard

Bannister, a lodgingbouse habitue, was charged with committing an usault upon Mary Kilkenny the previous day.—The Chief Constable said about 3.20 p.m. the previous day the prosecutris went into the dwelling. house, 4, Ship-yard, where the prisoner was. On her entry prisoner picked op a pail of water aud threw it over the prosecutrlx. Ile then struck her about the bead and face cutting her lip which had to be stitched at the Infirmary. Her face was very much swollen and she lost a great deal of blood.—Prosecutrix did not give any provocation for what he (the Chief Constable) was a most disgraceful affair. There was a previous con- viction against the prisoner who said that he was sorry for what had occurred.—The Bench sentenced him to four months hard labour, the Chairman stating that it was most cowardly for a man to assault a woman in such a manner.

I

===== 0002601_19111104_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Culcheth.

COTT.kGE H011&S CoNCERT.—A grand concert was given to the children and officers of the Culcheth Cottage Homes on Saturday evening last in the school- room. The concert was given by Messrs. L. and B. Kaye and party. Mr. Basil Kaye created mach amuse- ment by his character songs and several interesting and amusing items were given by the other members of the party. A large number of visitors had been invited to attend the concert and the schoolroom was filled with a large and enthusiestin audience. Mr. Morgan, the superintendent, presided.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath.

THE CORONATION FESTIVITIE3.—Mr. F. Pearson, the boa. treasurer, has issued a printed statement of accounts in connection with the recent Coronation Festivities. The total receipts amounted to £ls`. is. Id. and the payments to £l2O is. 21d., leaving a balance in hand of £22 Ms. lid. In accordance with the resolution of the Committee, the balance has been handed to the Nursing Association. Mr. H. J. West- brook was chairman of the Committee, Mr. F. Pearson hon. treasurer, and Mr. Edwin Bradshaw hon. secretary, while the accounts were audited by Messrs.E.Timperley and T. Deakin.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Penketh.

THEFT OF LEAD —At the Liverpool County Seasions on Tuesday, George Ellis (261, labourer, and Jobs Hargreaves( 23), labourer, pleaded guilty to having, at Penketb, Warrington, stolen or feloniously received 40Ibs weight of lead, the property of Richard Abel and Sons, Ltd. Charles Steel (22), labourer, pleaded not guilty to the same charge, and he was tried. Mr. Harold Smith, 111. P., prosecuted. All three prisoners gave con- tradictory versions of how the lead came into their possession. Steel contended that he did not know the stuff was stolen until the arrest was effected. He wan ound not guilty and was discharged. Hargreaves and fib's, who had been previously convicted, were cons- Eitted to gaol for three months with hard labour. - ••

===== 0002601_19111104_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Grappenhall.

- - RHODADENDRONS i. BLoo3l.—From a weather point of view the year 1911 will be long remerabei.id. Rhodadendrons are in bloom at Grappenball, and some tine specimens can be seen at the residence of Mr. F. It. Roberts, " The Limes." PARISH COUNCIL MEETING.

The monthly meeting of the Grappenhall Parish Council was held on Wednesday evening Ir9t. Mr Flt Baer., presided and ttere were also present :—Messrs Alan Lister-Kaye J Bradford, F Ellisor F For, W Lomas, F Burrows and Charles W. !Rath (e!ork). STREET LIGHTING. - . —• . . .

The Clerk reacre-letier—frOri-tba. Runcorn District Council re en application for lamps. This had been placed before the commitr•e. After a request to the Warrington Corporation for a reduction in the price, I they stated that the consumption by street lamps was as yet insufficient to warrant a reduction. SCHC N. MANAGER. Mr. Kaye pointed out that owing to Mr. fiedfirth's resignation, the Council were not represented on the School Management Committee. He proposed that Mr Roberts be elected to fill the vacancy.—Mr. Burrows seconded, and it was carried unanimously. A NEW MEMBER ELECTED. Mr. Kaye moved thit Mr. F.. 1. Eamon be elected a member of the Parish Council to fill the vacancy caused by Mr. Raderth's resignation.—Mr. Bradford seconded and it was catried.

Great Sankey. CRICKET CLINI.—On Friday evening, the 27th mat., a successful whist drive and dance was held (arranged by the members of the Warrington and District Cricket League) in the Sankey Sunday schools. The school- room was taetefully decorated for the occasion, and a good number put in an spiwirancr, between 40 and 50 sitting down to enjoy the whist, and about 10 took part in dancing. The music was supplied by Meseta James and Walter Ray. The duties of M.C.'s were undertaken by Messrs C C Perrin!: and W Booth (whist), F Newbold and T A Dayns (dancing.) The prize-winners were —Ladies : I, Miss C Hill, 170; consolation, Miss Darlington, 143. Gentlemen : 1, Mr J Ainsworth, 170 ; consolation, Mr G Keeling, 137. The refresh- ments were in the capable hands of Mesdames G Clarke, 0 Garnett, jun., and W Woods. The prizes were pro- aided by the club, and were presented by Mr C C Perrins. DEATH OF ASOTHAR RESinENT.—On Monday night there passed away a well-known resident in Great Sankey, in the person of Mn.. J. Roberts of the Moat House, after an illness of about three areeks duration, and much sympathy is felt for the family in their and bereavement.

Lymm. UNITED SERVII E.—The second united service km held on Thursday evening in the Wesleyan Church. The Rev. W. A. Beckett conducted the service. WitsiAV eILD.—The secmd meeting ir, connection with the Lymm Wesley Guild was held on Monday evening in the schoolroom. A very interesting paper was given by Mr. Hutchinson of Warrington on " Dis- satisfaction." There was a good attendance and the meeting proved a source of interest and enjoyment.

FOOTBALL.—The Second Round for the Altrincham Cup was played on Saturday at the Oughtrington Amateur Ground, flestley, the teams beiog Lymm v. Oughtrington Amateurs. The ball was set going at 3 p.m. both teams playing a capital game. The game bad been in progress about 20 minutes when Oughtrington were awarded a penalty, one of the Lyrom players handling. Owen scored a flue goal. Just torero the interval Lymm equalized. In the second half Oughtrington scored a second goal, Lymm playing for all they were worth. The game ending inc well earned victory for the home team. Oughtrington Amateurs, two ; Lymm, one. CONGREGATIONAL CHRISTIAN SERVICE HAND.—A good number of young people attended the meeting on Monday evening. The address was given by Mr. James Hewitt, the subject being "Jewels." He spoke about the pearl being the hest of all jewels of the world, and said we must sell all the minor pearls of the world which are not genuine, for the greatest of all pearls— Jesus Christ. A very appropriate solo was rendered by Miss Fanny Sutton, entitled " Jewels." Mr. Wiliiam Thomas presided. The meeting concluded with 'hi:in prayers.

• - Lymw AND DISTRICT WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIA- TION.—Thore was a good attendance at a meeting in connection with the abovej'Association, held in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom on Thursday. The lecturer was Miss Telford (of the Women's Liberal Association), the subject being " Housekeeping in Tariff Countries and Fre) Trade England (a contrast)." The lecture was listened to by a very appreciative audience. It was most interesting and instructive and gave to the housewife her ideas of what the cost of living would he should such a calamity an Tariff Reform fall to our Foe Trade system. A letter was read from the esteemed presid3nt, Lady Crossley, thanking the imemt3rs for their letter of condolence, and floral tribute which was sent to her, in the heavy bereavement she bad been called upon to beer. The chair was taken by Mrs. Gotobed (in the absence of Mrs. Jones, who was confined to the house through ill-health). Mrs. Wyatt propored a vote of thanks to the speaker. which was seconded by Miss Barlow. Mr. J. D. 13. Smith gave some encouraging words to the ladies for their efforts displayed at that meeting.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
_ COMPENSATION FOR A LYMM NURSE.

sou rH MANCHESTER [GUARDIANS TO P AY. In the Manchester County Court on Monday, Emma Mostoo, of Cherry-lane, Lyrnm, formerly a nurse in the Withiugton Hospital, claimed an award under the Workmen's Compensation Act from the South Man- chester Board of Guardians on the ground that she was totally incapacitated from work by an accident which occurred in the hospital on July Li of last year. Mr. T. B. Leigh, instructed by Mr. Arthur Browne,solicitor, Warrington, was counsel for the applicant, and Mr. Percy Jordan appeared as solicitor for the respondents. Dr. Judson Bury assisted Judge Mellor, K.C.,as medical assessor. Mr. Leigh said that on June 13th of last year, Miss Moston entered the Withington Hospital as a nurse. A month later, as she was handing some hot soup to an inmate, the latter spilled it over her right hand and arm, scalding them badly. When the case was pre- viously before the Court in September the Guardians raised the defence that the present condition of the arm was produced by his client's misconduct in strapping or tightly bandaging the arm. Judge Mellor I understand they do not suggest misconduct, but that whatever she did she did honestly with the intention of helping herself. Mr. Jordan: Yes. I allege no fraud. The applicant, in the course of her [evidence, said that the only previous accideet she had had to her right band sass a bite on the thumb Billeted byla lunatic in an asylum where she was nursing, about six years ago Blood poisoning set is, hot not sufficiently to take her off duty. Since the last accident she had never applied any bandages or straps to her arm, but afterlbeing dismissed by the Guardians on May 28th she went into the Liverpool Infirmary, where, among other treat- ments, the arm was tightly bandaged for a fortnight or three weeks. Dr. Richmood,a former president of the Pathological Society, said he bad studied and written on the subject of lymphatic diseases for many year.. This was undoubtedly a case of lymph tr lema caused by the scald the applicant bad received. The swelling might fluctuate from time to time, but the arm would never recover. No amount of strapping or tight bandaging was capable of producing tech a condition, because the effects of tight bandaging passed away within 45 hours. The Judge said that he could corroborate this because, ashen his own arm was in plaster of Paris for seven weeks, his band swelled considerably, but the swelling disappeared after the removal of the plaster,

11

===== 0002601_19111104_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
IL

Dr. George Wright said that he had been called hr to examine the arm of the applicant, and as he knew of no disease which could have led to such a condition be concludel that it was due ta some physical or mechanical obstruction. In hit opinion the arm was not permanently incapacitated, and by proper treat• merit it might be made quite serviceable. At present, he agreed, it was absolutely useless. Cross-examined, Dr. Wright admitted that tight strapping would have to be continued for a very long time before swelling would become permanent, and that if the condition of this arm were due to tifht strapping the process would have to he still gotog _

Dr. C. M. Craig, assistant medical officer at the Withington Wotthouse Hospital, said that svhen the applicant was under his care he came to the opinion that she was malingering. Dr. P. R. Wrigley, who also treated her at the Workhouse, said he did not wish to suggest that she had deliberately malingered, hut that sometimes this kind of thing was done in hysteria. The Judge said he could understand people saying they could not sleep at nights and wanting to stay in ' bed on wet. days. but it seemed inconceivable that ant- one should go on deliberately causing herself intense pain for a year and a half. The case was a difficult one cad serious, because the charge against the some was really one of fraud • if she bad been guilty of malingering, it must have been with tt.re intention of securing compensation from the Guardians. People who alleged fraud in a court of law must prove it completely. After reviewing the evidence on both aides, he decided that the charge of malingering bad not been proved, and that, as the applicant was totally incapacitated, she must be awarded compensation at the rate of 12s. a week as from May 28 last, when her employment with the Guardians ceased. Coats would be allowti on the higher (B) scale. Mr. Jordan mentioned that the Guardians had only come to court on the strength of the medical reports made to them. These had been sifted, and they were quite satisfied.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW SEWERAGE SCHEME.

LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD INQUIRY.

Mr. A. W. Brightmore, an Inspector of the Local Government Board, visited the Lymm Council Office. on Tuesday to inquire into the application of the Urban District Council to borrow £9,000 for the purposes of sewerage and sewage disposal and £250 for the provision of the stables and cartshed at the Council's yard at Whitbarrow-lane, Lymm. Mr. T. Ridgway appeared on behalf of the Council and there were also present Mr 0 G Smith (chairman of the Council), the Rev 0 II Thurston, Messrs Groves, Gotobed, Davies' Lockyer, W ?dullard (clerk), D Mort (surveyor), W 111 Beckett (engineer for the new scheme), Dr De Jong (medical officer), and Dr Young (county raedical officer). Mr. Nltillard said that the area of the parish we, 4,375 acres, the population at the last census being 4,909 and the rates equal to ss. in the £. Mr. Ridgway said that the whole of the proposed works were in the district. The buildings in connection with the stables, which would adjoin the Council offices, complied with the byelaw, but there were no buildings in connection with the sewerage scheme. At the present time the whole of the cartage of the Council was hired, at the rate of 7a. per day, for man, horse and cart, and it was thought that it would be greatly advantageous to the Council to have their owa horses and vehicles as they could be kept in constant use. It was proposed to erect a stable for two homes, and a cart shed, the existing shed being very low. The existing material would be need as far as possible in the new erection, the cost of which was estimated at £250. It was necessary that horses should be available in the early morning to deal with the nightsoil, the Council having received numerous complaints about this matter from people whose bosiness compelled them to be out early in the morning, while the horses could aln be used for the fire engine. Mr. Gotobed said that numerous complaints were received by the people who, having to catch trains to business early in the morning were confronted by this nighteoi I which was a great source of annoyance.. Mr. Ridgway said that the loan for the present sewerage scheme was obtained in 1882 when the sewage farm and the syphon were erected, that scheme having lasted until the iiresent except for a slight alteration in 181r3. The main difficulties had arisen through the great amount of sewage that had to be contended with, the outfall works tbus becoming blocked and the sewage being apt to escape. Mr. Mort said that he had had considerable trouble with the present system in different parts of the parish the at aver haying had to be cleaned ont practically from one end to the otter. At present it was incapable of dealing with the storm water, being likely to get flooded. Toe manholes were cleared out every fortnight but if there was a big storm it was impossible to get into them. The joints of the sewer were badly made, the sewer thus taking additions, water to what was sent down the mains. In the Heatley district a new salt works had been erected which was responsible for more sewage than had previously been dealt with.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
TM: NEW SCJIEML

Mr. Beckett said that it was proposed to abandon the upper portion of the existing 15. inch main outfall newer from Whibarrow.road to the bridge under Reddish lane and to carry out the following new works : (a) New outfall works near Sow brook to deal with the eastern portion of the district, which contains a population of about 3,000. (td The diversion of the lower portion of the exist- ing 12-inch newer from the village from the abandoned , 15-inch main sewer to the proposed new outran works.' (C) A new 18-inch and 15-inch main outfall sewer from the proposed out fall works to Rushgreen-road with a storm overflow to the existing 24-inch sewer. (1) A new 12-inch and 9-inch intercepting sewer from Rushgreen-road in a southerly direction across the fields and the Bridgewater Canal to Sutcb-lane (picking up the existing sewer from Higher-lane and Grammar School-road land thence ins easterly direction across the fields to Oughrington-lane and along Oughtrington-lane and Higher-lane to the Jolly Thresher Inn. (,) New 9-inch sewers in Higher-lone between Grammar gollool-road and Oughtrington-lane, and the taking up of a abort length of existing 9 inch sewer across the fields from the Mission Room, and re-laying

the same at a ereater depth in order to improve the. gradients in Higher-lane. (f) A new 12. inch sewer from the bottom of Sandy- lane at the junction with Rush Green-road and across the fields to Mill-lane and up Mill lane to Oak Villa

Farm. 10) A 12-inch cast-iron pipe sewer tunnelled under the Canal to take the piece of the existing 12-inch syphon on the 12 inch Branch from the village. (0) The enlargement of the existing ejector pump- ing station at Heatley and the erection of an additional ejector with a capacity of 100 gallons per minute. Of the present population of 1,000 about 2,000 would con- tinue to be dealt with at the existing outfall works and 3,003 at the proposed new works at Sow Brook. Although the population had been almost stationary for the last 20 years it appeared probable that there would be a considerable increase in the Heatley district; in the near future, and the new works had been designed to deal with 90,000 gallons per day —equal to 20 gallons per head for 4,500. The site to be acquired was nearly 12.1 acre', of which about 101 ac-es would be laid out as a filtration area and the remaining two acres to be occupied by tanks, roads' &a., The works were as designed that at any future time when the population exceeded 4,000, percolating filters could be constructed on the North side and thus treat efficiently any excess flow of sewage. Mr. 0. G. Smith, the Rev. G. It Thurston, and the Medical Officer gave evidence as to the necessity of the scheme. . . .

There was no opposition to the applications Mr. T. Ridgway proposed a vote of thanks to the Inspector which was seconded by Mr. Gotobed, the. Inspector briefly responding.

Daresbury. PRESENTATION TO A SCHOOLMASTER.

In recognition of twenty-live years work as head- master of the Daresbury Cauncit school, Mr. John Wright was on Saturday presented with a handsome case of cutlery and silver, accompanied by an album containing the autographs of the subscribers--the past. and present teachers and scholars of Dareabory. Mrs. Wright was the recipient of a leather handbag. The presentation took plane in the school, in the presence of a large gathering. The Vicar of the parish (the Rev. T. T. Lee-Jones) presided, and among others present were Miss Bf,asie Dutton, the Rev E H Jackson (Wesleyan minister, who was formerly stationed in the Warrington Circuit), Mr Alfred Broome saddle Herbert Johnson. The Vicar said Mr Wright had given the beet years of his life in diediarging his &stirs as headmaster of that school, and he had during that period been able to • train hundreds of boys and girls and give them a start in life ; he trusted they were all prosperous end bappy. (Applause) He bad known Mr. Wright for nearly seven yea., and he had long since realised that his whole heart and soul was in bin work. (Applause). Misr Dutton, in making the presentation, said that Mr. Wright's career bad been a beautiful one, and they wanted to remember not only him but Mrs. Wright,who bad been such a great help to him. (Applause.) If she had not taught the children she had cared for them. Many a sizk person had found the benefit of her kind. nose, and many an accident had been almost healed by her attention and ready help. (Applause). Mr. Wright, in reply, said he had always recognized the fact that the purposes of the elementary school were to form ants strengthen the character of its scholars, to develf p their intelligence, and to mate them worthy citizen, of this great Empire. (Hear, hear and applause. When they considered the fact that their liven acted and re-acted upon each other, and that since he came to the school be bad admitted some 1,500 scholars, what an influence his life and character must have bad ursa all. (Applause.) He sincerely trusted that influence had been for good and that ell who had left those walls had done so with a determina- tion to lead conscientious and God-fearing lives. :qrs. Wright suitably returned thanks.

An interesting progrsmme was then gone through by the scholars who had been very carefully traked by Miss florabin, Mrs. Booth, Miss Appleby, ard Mr. Howard, one of the assistant masters. The accomranitts were Miss Houghton (Daresbury) and the Misses Theodore.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Padgate.

FOREIGN MISSIONARY ANNIVERnARY SERVI, ES. Sermon! were preached on Sunday last in the Wesleyan Church in connection with the Wesleyan Methodist Foreign Missionary Society. In the morning the Rev. H. Middle mood was the preacher and spoke from the words " 'l'he field is the world," the choir rendering the anthem' Lord, for Thy tender mercy's sake "(Ferrant). Rev. H. Middlewood also gave an address to the scholars and young people in the Surida.y School during the afternoon. The pulpit at eight was occupied by the Rev. E. Morgan who took for his text the words, The oione that smote the image became a great mountain, and flied the whole earth." The anthem " Oh gladsome Light "(Sullivan) was sung by the choir.—On Monday evening the annual meeting took place. Mr. Atkinson of Liverpool, presided over a somewhat smaller audieuco thou esual, for whiih the inclement wedther was doubtless responsible. The liez. E. Waterhouse (formerly missionary in Sonth Africa) was the speaker. This addreas was particularly instructive and interest- ing, emphasizing as it did the intense need and anxiety. ' of the natives for education. The annual report was read by the Rey. E. Morgan. Miss Mason and Miss Bertha London each contribuied a solo. A vote of thanks proposed by Mr. William Bennett was accorded to the chairman and speaker. Although weather con- ditions accounted for poorer congregations than usual, the collections made were considerably in advance of last year, and amounted to El I 10e.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

PHEASANTS c'HOT WITH CATAPULT.

Charles Stubbs, of Frodaham Bridge, a notorious poacher, was charged at Ruacorn Sessions, on Monday, with trespassing in pursuit of gams on the 20th inst. and also on the 25ta. _ .

Jack Pattie, ore of Mr. Harmood limner's game- keepers, said a watch was kept in consequence of many pheasants being found lame. On the afternoon of one of the days in question he saw the defendsot fire at a pheasant with a catapnit. . . . . . .

Superintendent Ennion described the defendant as a professional poacher, who did nothing else. There were twenty-seven prey i oils convictions, chiefly for poach,ng and game trespass. fie was fined 103, or a month in respect of es offence.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES TOWN COUNCIL.

The Mayoi-ICOu—n—cillner—i. Vei-lii,--p-r-e.siding over Widnes Town Council on Tuesday. complained of the train service with St. Helens, which be acid win the ground of gener..l dissatisfaction. Alderman Coinage said no other town of the size of Widow, had such poor railway facilities and accommodation. Alderman Quinn said at the next meeting he would propose the purchase of taro more motor omnibuses. Councillor Lewis thought something better than the present motorbuses should be found. During a short discussion, adoption of the electric tramway system was mentioned.

The General i'arposps Committee recommendel that the four gentlemen who hid managed the transporter bridge should continue to do so for the Corporation. Councillor Welding proposed an amendment, but it WU defeated.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ST. HELENS TECHNICAL SCHOOL STUDENTS' SUCCESSES.

A highly-satisfactory report has been submitted to the St. Helens Higher Education Committee on the results of the examinations at the Technical School. The school is carried on in the Gamble Institute, but, notwithstanding its size, the Board of Education have recommended that the institute should be enlarged. Out of 1,007 there were only 213 failures, against 201 out of 35$ in the previous year. This year 795 (mead (292 first-class), against 652 last year. The Board of Ethic stion have awarded a atudent the bronze medal for first-class honours in metallurgy; three bronza medals and three national book prizes for machine drawing, one national book prize and one commendation for art works, and have accepted ten drawings for art teachers' certificates. One student gained second plaza with a silver medal and the 503. prize for the City and Guilds of London Institute. In the Union of Lancashire •ni Cheshire Institutes' examinations thirteen first places were gained, as well as numerous sacoodi and thirds and a student qudified for a colliery manager's csrtifl- cate and carried off the Banbury gold medal for shorthand.

THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.

The elections on Wednesday resulted in one Labour gain. Details : North Wind's. Ward: •Dr Jacksan (C), 1,006 ; Charles Evans (Ind), 216. South Windle •J Haslam Fox (C), 627 ; F McCormick (Lab), 505. North Eccleston : G P Varley (C), 863 ; Arthur Rand (Lab), 863. Hardshaw : W Forslutw (Lab), 821; *II B Davidson 1(C), 724. Labour pin. Parr: Waring (Lab), 939; R Woodwari (British Labour party), 505. Emit Sutton *Thomas Abbott (C, 823 : Michael ' Burke (Lab), 676. West Sutton : Richard Davies (C., G 3; Edward Johnson (Lab), 509. Great interest was taken in the elections, and the results were declared by the Mayor(Aiderman Beecham) to a crowd of 20,000 people. Councillor Waring said that the British Labour party, which was formed to break down the organisation of the miners, had had its death-blow. (Cheers. Mr. Woodward, on the other hand, said that the principlcs of the British Latt-iiir party were principles which sooner or later would have to be adopted in the interest of the masses.

thKGIAL IKAVCLLCKb ASSOCIATION.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Address on Rs Work and Objects

A large attendance of the members of the Warrington Branch of the United Kingdom Commercial Traveller" Association assembled at the Lion Hotel on Saturday evening, when an address was delivered by Mr. Thomas Mountain, of Keighley (the chairman of the Associa- tion), upon the work and °News of Use Association. The speaker was supported by Messrs. H. Mercer (chair- man), F. Plumptoo chairman), W. P. Ashton (treasurer), W. G. Hayes (secretary), and W. le Walker (assistant secretary). The CHAIRNIAN read a letter of apology for non- attendance from Mr. W. Peter Bylaw's, the president of the Warrington branch. Mr. MOUNTAIN said they were all members of an honourable profession, and were all prepared to do what they could to further the interests of the members of that profession. We lived in a progressive age. Great Britain had been called a na' ion of shopkeeperr, but he thought we were also an industrial nation and a nation of producers, and the interests of the couotry could not be better ser,red than by those who weris interested in it doing all they possibly could to further the nation's+ commercial interest There was • great deal of talk about specialisation—specialising is pro- duction, in order to meet foreign competition. He maintained that if it was necessary to specialise in order to produce it was necassiry to specialise in order to distribute. It was no U 33 their being ii nation of producers if they were not able to specialise as pro- ducers and he thought that Britiel trade could not be better enhanced thus by their making the best and most successful commercial trevellea. He was proud to say that the commercial travellers in this country were an ever-increasing body, the total practically reaching Demo° as compared with 41,05.1 in Mt. If the producer was granted the right to combine and organise in order to benefit the workingclass why should not they be granted those COOC•311b0S ? He (the speaker) claimed that the cemmerc-al travellers bad every right to combine in order to further their interests. As Association was established about years age, but it was an uphill fight, the membership being small and difficulties great, and after a time it was decided to orgenise and establish an Association which would bee real power -o the country. The result was that they were now progressing on every hand. They must not however, forget the pioneers who did the spade work, svhoalthongh they did not make the pro- gress that was anticipated, they could not do less than eulogise them upon the work they din accomplish. Lney had now taken the right step in the right direc- tion, i.e., in the interests of self-improvement. They bellow 1 that by so. embining they were furthering the Interests not only of the commercial traveller but of , the employer, each of whom they believed depended , upon the other for their prosperity and proven. The commercial trtvellers' combination, which meant strength, enabled then to accomplish what could riot be adopted by them as individuals. The Association w... 3 , striving to obtain better facilities for their members. who had not received the care and attention in the past , to which they were entitled. lie was not 11•0110, nor . . . . .

were the Assncistion antagonistic to the ftsilway Con. pacies, but he maintaineithst if raore oonueseious were

, Inatle to the commercial traveller it would greatly benefit the Railway Companies. If. traveller obtained an order for 10 tons of material it meant that there would be ten tons worth of carriage for the Railway Company, that the traveller was not only working for his firm but was greatly benefiting the Railway Company. The Association had approseaed the Railway Co.'s with this matter in view and be believed that they wo old be granted certain facilities for the members. With regard to legal matters the Association was evidaavouting under the bast lesal advice to obtain the drawing up of agreements between the traveller and his employer, in safeguarding his interests and in every way seeking to get what wee justice. The benefits of the Satiety were many end various and ha believed that it was safer and better for a man to be within the pale rather than outside, as it was never known when that help would too necessary. Steps were also being taken to plane the English corn. mercial traveller in a better position to meet the . . .

-f-o-roign traveller, and. ;hat hal lire;;;;iresiT by opening classes for the teaching of languages. This had been effected in many of the larger towns where the Association had branches A great desire of the Association was to BC ) the appointing of a Minister of Commerce whose sole duty would be to look after commerce and make Inquiries in centres where British commerce was introduced,and if a commercial traveller nceded any information it would only be necessary for him to apply to that minister from whom he would be able to obtain the fullest information. He (the

:posher) would like t) see the time when the consul- hips were only occupied by Britisher, as being the most suitable for those positions. They believed that in the British commercial traveller there was that "gr, 'headings " that no other country possessed to the same degree. Let them always ha ready and willing if they rrcsiverl no pecuniary bentifl. to be content to net re and remember that "He who lifts fallen brother from the dust is greater than he WI) csoqults the world."

Mr. Hayes in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. Mountain, said that it had been hit privilege to know Mr. 'Mountain for about six years, an! during that time be had deeply imbued him with his enthusiasm. He felt that he was truly the right atm in the right place, besides being an 003illeat speak-r he was an ardent worker, and the Aasociation owe! much of its progress to Mr. Mountain. He was sure that the eloquent speecb just delivered woull set as n graut stimulus t s intending members. Mr. Allen eeconied and mil that he hoped Mr. Mountain would pay thorn another visit in the near (tame.

Mr. Ashton also supported the motion which was carried, Mr. Mountain briefly responding. After ths address the remainder of the evening was spent in the form of a smoking concert, an swollent programme being gone through, for which the follow- ing artistes were responsible : Captain Roherts, Messrs. Asoley, Martindale, Poole, 11 mall, J. [tipsy and T Taylor, accompanist.

HEAVY DAMAGES AGAINST " JOHN BELL

LTD., AND "MRS. BULL." Jodgmut was adored on Thursday for the Plaintiff in two libel actions : Horne v. "John Boll," Ltd.. and Horn.,. " Mrs. Bull," Ltd. Damages of £'T5O aud oosts, £420, were awarded by consent of the defendants who offered • full spolosy to the plaintiff. Rey. Silvestro! Home, M.P.. minister of the congregation at Whitefish:Ts Tabernacle mud for some time President of the Coegrepuottal Union of England sed Wales.

Sir, —1 do not think— Mr. Beaumont is quite ingenuous when he says that I took two months to answer a letter of his. 11l remember rightly, I wrote to him in good time, giving detailed suggestions (drawn up in committee), as to how the propo-ed debate should be conducted. A abort time after a postcard arrived, either from Mr. Beaumont Cr OM, one writing for him, saying that a letter frrm me had arrived at his house, but that in his absence from home it had evidently been mislaid, and asking me to send a copy of it. I wrote back that I was away from home too, and had not a copy with me, and that I would write again aster I got home. Bence the delay. I am surprised to find that Mr. Beaumont is still in England—or was about a week ago. If I remember lightly it was in October that see asked him to debate —and he declited because he was gi ing abroad Yours ate,

L. F. WARING.

Leighton House, Pt ry-street, Carmarthen. October 20. h, 1011.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
RCNCORN MINISTER'S "CALL"

- - The Rev .1 Miller, for three end • belt years past i• of Betheed• Connregatioosl Church, itaucorn, hes received • " call" from the Coogreptionalists of Spittadon-Tweed, near Bernick. Mr. Miller is president of the Raisoorn Free Church Ceased sod a &deplete the Liverpool Federation of P.S.A.'s.

WEALTH. SY. 810 or adv. pee weak pa be MY linef. lady. wideell canyaeadag del. say aelk,rit Iltadsayage Qabbitrog. Steady details, BA %di Wan, a rwd,:lier,ll4 Battliw.c.

I

===== 0002601_19111104_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
*-- • 't Lq: 0045 4 to the EDITOR,. _lll

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. 0. DALIL—While we are quite willing to admit nontrovenial correspondence on National SIItTIC3. we hardly think your letter comes under this head. savours too much of a propaganda circular.—ED."Ex."

===== 0002601_19111104_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
The SWedenborgians.

Sir,—My attention has been than-Tato the reference to the "Swedenborgians" under "Jottings by an old Journalist" in your issue of Oct .ber 21st. May I, also an old journalis., thank hint, in the first plies, for the courtesy and fairness of his reference. In regard to his question respecting the corres- pondence in "Morning Light," referring to S treden- borgian's statements concerning Louis (IV., George 11.. David and Paul, the facts are not, I think, quite as he ,!ives taem. The question, however, is one of some impwtance which should not be carelessly answerei, and I have not at the munent the leisure to give it the attention it deserves. I will endeavour to deal frankly with the poMt he raises n.st week.— Yon,* faithfully, Bolton, Nov. 2nd, 1911

W. CLAXTON.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
The Suffrage •Challenge.

Father Day and Socialism.

Sir,— It is always interest:l"F to read dircoorses upon social and industrial questions sr hen delivered by ministers of the luistian religion, so seldom do they do so. The one by Father Day is doubly interesting bee Auto of his outspokenness and to me as • Socialist, it is refreshing to rend criticism of Socialism and the Socialist movement from such a source. Commenting tiFon the recent help or revolts Father Day said " The strikes which were simul- taneous in Autrrria, Spain and other ecuntries could not be interpreted as expression f beat discontent with condition,. of industry. 1 here wets trt such thing. hut were in reality tie work r f the Socialists of the world who incited animosity and brought revolution."

To me, as a Socialist. this statement hardly comes within the full meaning of the term" fair." Concern- ing whether discontent with conditior a cf industry was the cause of the recent revolts I think the average man-in-the-street well qualifiid to judge. My own impression is that it was a righteous protest against Pegradiog conditions of life aid a striviog after a better standard cf living. But when we Socialists come across such statements as' it win in reality the work of the Socialists of the world who incited animosity and brought about revolution' some of us think a reje inder is necessary t explain our position In the first place the Socislists are not ashamed of the fact that they try to wake the people discontented, for so long as the people ale satisfied with slum dwellings adulterated food, starvati n wages, ugly towns,no social reformer can ever hope to make condi- tions betterlt is not the fact that Father Day accuses us of making discontent that I ci iticize this snit- meat, but it is the manner in which it is put. Father Day conveys the imprestion to me that he believes the Socialists are a class of people who are not satisfied unless stirring up trouble when there is no need for it. If that were so I should immediately disassiciate myself from such a party. So far as I can see the Socialist party as a political and economic party are a strictly scientific party, critici-it g the capitalist system and advocating Socialism as a remedy with its faults and excesses even as the CM istian church. We point out that the private ownership of capital must inevitably bring about the unequal distribution of wealth so much deplorid by Father Day. And we say that to remedy this evil the source of wealth production, the land, railways, mines. Ac, must be owned and con- trolled by the people for the people, and our speakers are prepared to meet even Father Day in debate upon this point. Now the Sociallats appeal to the general public in a perfectly legitimate way. By street corner meetings, by newspapers, by pamphlets, leaflets, demonstrations, Ac. And by this means we reach those members of society who are the chief sufferers with a fair measure of success. For in spite of the fact that we are not as strong numerically as the Liberal or Tory parties we have it on the authority of Lord Selborne that cur influence is greatrr than the Tory Party. Our propaganda has revolutionised politics, compelling Parliament and parsons alike to consider more social problems. That the workers are discontented and also that they do not as yet know how to properly direct their powerful forces admits of no doubt. But we Socialists do not believe in strikes only as an expedient. We say the people have a mightier weapon than the strike. It is the vote. We say until the people control their industry for themselves materiel condi,ions will not improve much in spite of Lloyd-Georges anti-socialist legislation. We ray Parliament can bring ab ut Socialism and we also say to long as the people elect the owners of land, railways, mines, Ac, the people cannot expect anything d.fferent than the private ownership of the means of life. The rcople have clear these men out of Parliament if they want to control industry for the people's benefit. To quote Father Day, "Society was essentially an ethical organ. All is parts are subject to the moral law, which acting through the State ought to govern and control the whole people." When the people realise this some- thing will be dcae.—Yours LABOR OMNIA VINCIT.

P.S.—What are the Clurches doing toward i bring- ing this function into idealistic and perfect operatiou? L

===== 0002601_19111104_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.

At the lent meeting of the Council, Mt. R. T. Fairclough in the chair.

NA rioNAE INV:RANCE BILL AND BOTELBR GRA NIMAR

===== 0002601_19111104_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL PR IZR SSAI'S.

The SECRICTAR-Y—seid that' hts.t;d.r;ceived replies to the resolution of the Chamber on the National Insurance Pill from the Prime Minister, the Chancellor of the Exchequer,Mr. Balfour, Viscount Wolmer, Major Alan .1. Spier, and the associated Chambers of Commerce; and that he had also received a letter from the Rev. Horace Gray asking him to convey to the Chamber the eppreciaticn of the students of the Boteler Grammar School for the prize of £2 2s, which had rrcently teen awarded to the writars of the best two ens,. ca "Duties of Citizenship."

TRAM'S DISPUTES ACT AND PICKETING.

It was proposed by the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Mr. FROST and unanimously resolved " Tint the Warring- ton Chamber of Commerce desire to respectfully Inform his Majesty's Government that, in their opinion it is essential tint the clatue in the Trades Disputes Act, 1906, which gives legal unction to Peaceful Picketing ' should be repealei, or so amended that Trades Unions ore compelled to accept responsibility for the acts of their representatives."

BANK- QTAV_STAI

Mr. JA F.S. RICHARDSON, JuN ,called the attention of the Council to the unsatisfactory nature of the reply which bad been received from the London and North- Western Railway Company to the representations of the Chamber as to the state of Bank guy Station, and the Secretary SPY requested to communicate .with them again strongly urging the necessity of at lust improv- ing the existing platforms without further delay. CLASSIFICATIONS OF WIRE IN GOVERNMENT RETURN, . The SEcßirrAny also reported that the Board of Trade had promised to carefully consider the wilier of the Chamber with reference to the improved class lin- tiou of sire in the Government returns.

OLDHAM VACANCY. ISSUE OF THE WRIT YESTERDAY.

In the House of Commons yester day afternooon a writ was issued for Oldham, where a vacancy brs been caused by Mr. Emmott'a elevation to the peerage.

Fairfield Schools presented a bright and pleasing scene on Thursd.iy afternoon, when the annual sale of work in connection with the Warrington Parish Church was opentd. A hand of ladies had worked most entbusia,tically Lir the success of the project and the stills, which were arrang(d with taste and care, were well stocked with an excellent variety of wares. The large attendance of members of the congregation and friends also augured well for another successful effort. The following ladies had charge of the stalls :-- Mrs Willis' Stall : Mrs ;Tillie, Mrs Peter Ryland', Miss Shaw, Mrs Reginsld Smith, Mrs Fowler, Mrs H Baresford Melville, Miss White. Rectory Working Party Stall : Mrs J G Criik, Mr. Hopkine, Mrs W Scott, Mrs Lee, Miss Lee, Mrs Bsttomley, Mrs Joseph Hill. G.F.S. Stall: The Misses White (Holly House), Mr. R W Collis, Mrs W E Atkin, Mrs J T Locker, Ms R. Lunt. Men's Institute Stall: Mrs 9 Taylor, Miss Dyke, Mrs Bolton, Mrs F Wester, Mrs Holbrook. Sr. George's Mission Still: Mrs Barrett, Miss Bowles, Mrs Hackett, Mrs Buckley, Miss Sumner. St. Clement's Mission Stall: Hell, Hes J H Houghton, Mrs Sanders, Mrs Gray, Mrs Blame, Mrs Hicks. Flowers and Frnit Stall: Mrs Farrell, Mrs William Faircloosh. Refrediment Stall: The Misses Brookes, Misses Woods, Misses Isherwood, Aliases Pierpoint, Miss Sankey, Miss Cooper. The sale was opened by He Hon. Mrs Ecerton. Wartorton, of Arley Hall, in the presence of a large and representative gathering.

A GROUP AT THE OP] Standing: Councillor Craik, Miss Ei Seated: Hon. Mrs. Egerton-Wai

The REcTok (Rev. Canon Willis) made an interesting survey of the history of the church. He pointed out that the present church was the filth which had been built on that site. The first was a Saxon twirling ; the second, Norman ; the third, Edwardian, of the decorated period: the fourtb, Georgian ; and the fifth. Victorian. The chancel of the &cowed period a ill remaiued. They must all feel proud of a church which traced bick its history to such an ancirnt period— nearly 1,2,.0 yearn—although none of ths original building was 'Mostly standing. A great deal had been done to improve the church of late. A beautiful screen was erected at the west ecd three years , ago and some few years before that a fine screen was placed at the we t end of the Lady Chapel Relently, owing to the energy sod inte(est of the church wardens, the churchyard had been re-flogged, the gnu standards relacquered, and other ueceasary work done. But the work which they still had to do, and which he was very anxious about, was the rebuilding of the vestry. It was a very poor building, erected about 200 'errs ago. and part of it was only intended an a porch to the chancel door. Later the accommodation was increased ,by a connection between the porch and the nave. The vestry was most inadeqoate for the purposes to which they had to put it. Next year he (the Rector) should have reached the allotted spas of man's life—three score years and ten—and although he felt very vigorous at the present time, one could not count upon life at the age of seventy. Ile would therefore eery much like to see the new vestry bult next year. The followicg year he would have been

RECTOR OF WARRINGTON FOR A QUARTER OF A CENTURY, . . .

and if the vestry could not be built entirely neat year he hoped it would be completed in the following twelve months. (Hear, hear.) The Rector neat touched upon the Ion; connection of the Egerton-Warburton family with this district Two hundred years ago a Mr. Peter Legb, of Lime, married a Miss Legh, of Bruche. A tablet on:che north side of the chancel marked her benefactions to various parishes around, and there was One bequest which they still enjoyed at the Parish Church. It was called the Bruche bequest and under it • certain amount was glues to the preacher of a sermon on Ascension Day. Mrs. Egerton•Warburton's son married two yearn ago the great-granddaughter of Mr. Peter Logh, of Lyme. They would all like to congra• late Mrs. Egerton-Wart:Anton upon the birth of her first grandchild, of which they had lately haled. (Applause.) The Rector then made an iaterestiug allusion to " Mother Kate,"

RFAIARKADLE LADY who was the first cousin of Mr. Piers Egerton-Warburtcn of Arley. Fifty years ago aim began her work for the Church. She was the daughter of the Rector of Ardis, and was ievoted to all country pursuits. She loved nothing more than animals and all the beauties of nature. And yet she gave all that up, at the call of God, and worked in one of the very worst parts of London—what was then called Seven Dials in Soho. To-day that magnificent road, Kiogaway, ran through it. Formerly it was the abode of the very worst characters and this lady gave up all the delights of the country to work amongst thsm. He had the plessure and honour of sitting next to her at dinner a little time ago and bad a long conversation with her. The Rector read extrscts from " Mother Kate's " book on her work, which introduces ' recollections of many prominent Courohmen, and describing a night spent in the scene of her labours he said " There were friends inside and outside, no that -I could not sleep in my bed—(laugghter)—and the row outside was something only to be imagined." "Mother Kate" was so devoted to her work that it was a grief to her when the time came for her to brave it and go and live in the open country again. We had reason to thank God for such ladies who undertook work for the Church. (Appease). Mrs. EGERTON-WARBURTON acid that whatever Canon Willis said about " Mother Kate" be could not any one word too much in her honour. (Hear, hear,.. She

. To; Micron, referrimrtn the moult depositing cif I the old colours of the 2nd South Lance:hire Regiment, in the chancel nf thn P.trit.h Church, acid the wardens and be were a I.ttle:hit exercised as to the position in which th.y ought to he pieced. However, the colours had been bung late the old Knight's banners in the

Photo Burrell.

'ENING ON THURSDAY. :gerton-Warburton, Mr. R. T. Harding. rburton, Canon Willis, Mrs. Willis.

Lady Compel and Pre Henry VII. Chapel in West- minster Abbey—borigootally insrearl of perpendicularly Touching upon the history of the Lady Chapel and the Chapel of St. Ann, formerly known as the Hotels. and Patten Ctr-pels, the Rector pointed out that they were at one time chantries where Hamlet were offered for the release of non's from purgatory. They did not telieve, and the Church never had believed, in purgatory, though they still offerel their Eucharists and their prayers for the departed as well as for the living, thot they might rest in peace, grow in grace and rise in glory. Tory mantel to keep their association wi h theli.wo chapels is Ike risht settee Having expressed his thankfulness for the excellent work that WAS being done at St. George's and St. Clement's missions, the Rector referred to the men's institute. Be never thought of it, he said, without at once thinking of one who took each a deep interest in its progress and i.e everything con- nected with the Perish Church, their departed irked, F. ederick George Taylor. It touched hist very much I that a young man like him should have made provision

for his death and should have thought, after his father, of what he could do for the Parish Church,lesving £lOO to be instated for the repair of the fabric. It was a very beautiful thought. In welcoming Lsdy Smoke, the Rector mentioned that in the chapel of St. Ann a large tablet recorded the fact that Sir Richard Brooke, an ancestor of the present baronet, married Prances Patten, an ancestor of their deer friends, the Misses Wils 30. Pattv n. (Applause.) Lady BROOKE Sbi,l that ins populcus parish like that the demands for monvy, work and symplthy mut be many and great to cirry on the NaIIOUR activities. he demands must, in fact, te almost overwhelming and, as time went on, they most expect them to increase. She was certain Churchpeople would he mesa to their responsibilities end that the difficult end anxious times the iugh • hich they were passing would bare the elleot of making them realize more and more the bond which united them and that each of them individually must do his or her share of the work. A vote of thanks was pessed to Lady Brooke, on the proposition of 31r. E. I,IIEITWOOD, ssconied by Mr. S. TA VIOR.

, - - '-VoaangAlblirsewvir .., i .14 - 10 4 ' 4 . "... r - '., f, .......: '-- t 4 Ili" . 0 ~ .... . , + . . • .4 aa a 1 ~ ir.)-r 11PPAb , . , . , , .41. , ~ , . Ji. I t \li ' • i , * , .. ....„....4.002,-- ~...

411110 tr 74. ; • •

LADY BROOKE, who opened the Sale yesterday.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday

sometimes thought,continusd Mrs. Egerton.Warburtp ° that those who opened bazaars and soles of workweira given a far too prominent position. Their names were advertised and appeared with a frequency that would seem to point to the work baying been done by t IBM. whereas the real workers were bar By even mentioned She had been told that no many kind helpers had striven to make that bazaar a success that it would be quite impossible to mention them all by name. There was no morn pleasant occupath n than Maine... com- bined with amusement. When to that was added the satisfaction that they were helping on the 'mato( the beautiful old church and—what appealtd to their hearts especially as the minter approached—lightening in some small degree the needs of the very poor, none of them would regret having attended the Mle. A bazaar was very often a great demonstration of sympathy. Such feelings nuts, have a centre and the centre that day was a strong one in the persons of Canon and Mra. Willis. (Applause.) It was said that the world was lull of willing people; there were some who were willing to work and others who were willing to let them. (Laughter.) She felt sure that the work that day was for such a wonly object that they would all be anxious tu Its classed amongst those who were willing to meat it. (Applause.) Councillor Couto. in proposing a vote of Umiak, to Mrs. Egert.n-Warburton. said the objects of the sale were numerous, as they bad a great deal of work in' tend in cornection sai•la the chnrch and its various organizations. Mr. R. T. HARDING sec •nded and said the Egerton- Warburton famill always bad a warm corner in their hearts f..ir Warrington. (Applause.) The rote was heartily curial and the sale began. A cheque for .£25 was received from Lady Greenall. The actual t.skings for the first day amounted to £lOO 12s. YESTERDAY'S PROCEEDINGS. "fIIIICCI.T AND ANXIOUS TIMES." _

......-- ...... ______. Ths s lo was re-openel yesterdiy afternoon by L ady amok. of Norton Priory.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PARISH CHURCH. ANNUAL SALE OF WORK

Rector's Interesting Historical Review.

STRIKE RIOTING AT EARLESTOWN. Assizes Sequel to Attacks on Signal Boxes.

In the course of his charge to the Grend Jury at Liverrool Assixes on Wednesday, Mr. Justice Avory, after referring to cases of rioting in Liverpool, said that in another charge aoainst Al'Mion and others there was evidence that the r:ot was in connectioo with the strike of railwaymen which took place on the 19th August. One of the persons accuaed—David Holme—was a signalman in the employ of the London and North-Western Railway Coropsny, and svas • trtmtee of the local branch of the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants. On the night of the 19th August a disorderly crowd was assembled on the embankment a the railway at Earlestown, and two Isignal boxes on the line were,for all practical purposes I demolished. All the glass in the windows an, smashed by the stone-throwing, and the signalmen who were on duty is the two boxes were compelled for fear either of their lives or injury to their persons, to leave their dotiev. The acmsed persons—krMinn, Appleton. and Merritt—were identified by the police as either taking port in the stone-throwing or encouraging others in doing RJR:lime was identified as heiog in the crowd and maizing one of an observation which would indicate that he was at least approving, if not encouragiog,what was being done. His own statement was that he was only looking on ; that he was not encouraging it ; and that, is fact, he had advised the railwaymen not to do anything of the kind. It was for the grand:jury to say whether Elulme, as one of the crowd who was apparently doing nothing to prevent what took place, could to placed on trial as one of the parties to what in law undoubtedly

CONSTITUTED A RIOT. " I hope," added the Judge," that no one can be found to suppose that the existing law of this oountrg is not sufficient to deal with eithar or both of those cases, and I hope that no One will ever doubt that It is the duty of those who are charged with the

maintainance of law and order in this country to avail themselves of any force that is necessary in order to put a stop to such scenes as occurred on these two nights of the 13th and and 19,11 of August, when property was not only seriously damaged, hut when on the lost occasion the lives of passengers on the railway might have been, ,if not actusily Eacrificed, at all events seriously endangered by the conduct of these persons whi drove the sigoalmen from their punts of duty." There los', coot:1.11d his lorddlip, • further charge against the pis, nem in the Earles:own cue cf intimidatmg the aid mimeo by preventiug their dela I; that which they had • legal right to do—to remain at their posts of duty. At the time of going to press the case had not been rzached.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON, 177mDsesnkr.

PREiR Eoos, 5 acid 6 Sri ALL SOLES, is 81. FRESH BUTIBR,Is 53 to Is 63 DORKING CAPONS 3s 93 Cocas', 81 and 93. eacb. RABBITS, 1- to Is 11 DecKLINGS 3s 61 eacb. I FOWLS (couple) es 61 to Lassos SOLIS, Is. 23. Se 6d H•LIIIPT, is. DPClLS(couple)ss64 to 6, 64 COD, POTATOES, 541 to 6s a load RAKE, Bd. BEEP, Sid to Old per lb. Pcsicß, Eld. NIUTTON, 63 to 10,1 per lb. LOBSTERS, Ii 103. PORK, 6d to 9d p•r lb. ETSMOuTH li•GDOC 1C,64 VEAL, 7d to 103. BRILL, IN 6d. ENGLISH LAMB, Si to 113. You:cc. Gaorse, es Gd. LARGE SOLES, Se id. OLD ORoCele, is 6d. YoPNG PARTRIDGE. 5.61. OLD PARTRIDGE, Se. 6d. WHIAT.--is 91 to ss 193 per 701bil. OATS.—Ia lid to Si per 451bs. OAT STRAW.—E 3 10e per ton. WHEAT STRAW.—E 2 15s. XX Ntot:a.-23s per 210 lb., BRAN—Ia 1d per 29Ibe.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
MISS ELLEN TERRY,

who will give a Shakespearean rec. ital, with illustrative acting, on some of the heroines from Shakespeare's plays, in Parr Hall on Thursday evening next.

\ e' . ... , ...., .ii ' —,,,, :i ...vej 1 ' ,

===== 0002601_19111104_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CROSFIELD AMONG " MEN OF THE DAY

A "Mayfair ." Cartoon.

The popular London Society journal " Mayfair " has this week included Mr. A. H. Crosfield in the" Mayfair gallery of Men of the Day," and published a full-length coloured cartoon of the ex-Liberal Member for the Borough by " Pip." The drawing represents Mr. Crosfield in golfing attire, with a sandhill bunker as a background, and is altogether an excellent portrait. In the same issue "Junius Junior" writes of Mr. Crosfield as follows:

The popular belief is that pre-eminence in any pursuit is only to be attained by those who specialise in it; more particularly is this held to be true in the case of politics, sports and commerce; exceptional proficiency in any one of the three is commonly sup- posed to be incompa'ible with proficiency in the others. As always, however, an excep- tion can be found to prove the rule. A. H. Crosfield, the late Liberal Member for the ancient town of Warrington, who won the seat at two successive elections—a feat no Liberal had previously accomplished—has succeeded in everything to which he has turned his hand. A brilliant and accom- plished orator, he is, at the same time, not only an admirable man of business, but is; also, one of the leading figures in that cos- mopolitan circle of golfers which has done so much to bring into touch men of different nationalities.

In 1894, when he was barely 19 years old, and within two years of his leaving Upping- ham—he had previously been at Malvern— the chief authority and responsibility for the conduct of the great alkali and soap business his grandfather founded nearly a century ago devolved upon his shoulders. Within a few months one of these crises in commerce began, in which the weak must inevitably go to the wall and which only the very capable survive. A. H. Crosfield soon proved that I he belonged to the latter—not to the former category. So conspicuous, indeed, was his success that, before he was 23, he was invited by a unanimous vote of the representatives of the allied trade associations of the Northern and Midland Counties of England to be their honorary secre- tary, a position which enabled him to acquire a very wide and valuable experience of commercial diplomacy. In the twelve years succeeding his taking over charge of the family business he took the most active part in the work of building up what was, to all intents and purposes, a vast new commercial structure, on the modern lines, with ramifications all over the world, capable of indefinite expansion. Only then did the deep interest he had always taken in politics—an interest probably inherited from his father and grandfather and still remoter forbears closely identified with public affairs —begin to find full scope. In 1900, having been invited to stand for Warrington, he had his first political battle. The next General Election saw him at Westminster, and at the third attempt Warrington repeated her verdict in favour of her strong, convinced Liberal son. At the last Election there was a small majority against him. In the domain of sport A. H. Crosfield's successes have been equally remarkable. At billiards, fives, lawn tennis and golf, and other games of skill he is a skilled performer. When he was in practice some fifteen years ago he was considered one of the finest amateur billiard players in the North of England, and he proved his strength in a memorable contest at Monte Carlo in a match with Mr. Gaskell, a former winner of the Amateur Championship of England, and one of the best amateur planers of whom there is record. But, latterly, it is golf, of which he acquired the rudiments nearly thirty years ago from Mr. Charles Hutchings, he has principally devoted his sporting energies. At Pau, at Cannes, and in the Engadine— wherever, in fact, devotees of the Royal and ancient game most do congregate —the name of A. H. Crosfield is one to conjure with. He joined the Cannes Club within two or three years of its establish- ment by the Grand Duke Michael, and for the past six years, at the invitation of his ilmperial Highness, he has been its captain. I In Switzerland, too, he has taken a very active part in establishing the game, and for I eight years has been acting president of the I Swiss Golf Association, a body which has the active support of many who bear the most I distinguished names in the Almanac de Gotha. He it was, also, who, fifteen years since, inaugurated the first Continental Golf Championship. He was likewise instru- mental in starting the Swiss Golf Champion- ship—an annual competition which has excited the keenest rivalry, and is destined to be of ever-increasing interest. His own exploits on the green are innumerable, but that of which he is most proud is probably the Open French Championship, v•hich he won at Paris in 1905 with many formidable competitors in the field. Nor does his devotion to sport debar him from cultivating less strenuous pursuits. He has a keen appreciation of what is excellent in literature, music and art.

The Crosfields belong to good old North- Country stock, and can trace their unbroken descent from the early years of the sixteenth century. One of them, who died at Kendal in 1667, had joined the Quakers, and was succeeded for a century and a-half by a long line of Quakers. In the hands of A. H. Crosfield the family fortunes and honour are not likely to suffer any diminution." Lancashire and Cheshire lastltutes.

it a meeting • f the new Council of the Union of Lancashire and Chediire Institutes on Tuesday, Mr. J. Moore Murray, M.Sc (director of education, Warring. ton), was appointed chairman, and Mr. T. Ilodgotts Gordon, C (town clerk. Dukinfield), vice-chairman. It was reported that the Mather" exhibition had bcen awarded—for an unexpired period of two years —to L. G. Caldwell, a student of the Verdin Technical School. YorthwicL

The most haeresting appeal brought before the committee was that of Messrs. Greensll, Whitley and Co., Ltd., sgainst the present assessment of Wilders- pool Brewery. Under a previous valuation the figures stood at £3,, siS gross ; .C.. 2,349 rateable, but on a re-valuation by Mr. Gunaon they were reinced to .£2,761 gross, .4:2.081. rateable. It was against the latter assessment, which was reported to the COM- ruittee yesterday, that the firm now appealed. Mr. Herbert Hatton (Messrs. Robert Davies and Co.), who appeared for Messrs Greenall, Whitley and Co. said they very much appreciated the courteous and reasonable way in which tLe valuer had gore about the business. At the same time be was the servant of the Assessment Committee, and one naturally expected hint to keep the assessment as high as he could, in reason. He (Mr. Havon) hoped to show the COM- mittee that they should bring the assessment down to the lowest possible point that would be permissible. Prior to a re-valuation made last year, the brewery was assessed at 4...2,176 gross, f.2,021-rateable. He , . .

wished to say something by way of comparison beta-yea the premises on which that valuation was made and the creniies as they stood to-day. In the first place the actual brewing plant was less. They had broken up several fermenting vessels and taken two coppers out of their usual use. Against that they had made certain additions. They had to keep pace with the modern practice and therefore motor waggons bad been brought into use and new sheds were built for their accommodation. They bad also covered In the washing yard, which was formerly open, and that necessitated the rebuilding of the cooper's shop. None of the alterations bad in any way increased the badness capacity of the premises. The old valuation was mide after considerable enlargments and additions had been carried cut in anticipation of an 'cores! ed output. That increased output never came to pass and even on the old valuation the plant', as it stood, was in °seers of requirements and remained so to-day. The real question for the committee to con- sider was : What is the letting value of these premises to the tenant? In the Brat place be thought he might put it as an accepted fact that the consump- tion of beer all over the country was less to-day than it was when the old valuation was made. The habits of the people were altering and the consumption of beer had ondocbtedly diminished—probably by at least 10 per cent, in the pact Bre years. Then a new tax of 20e. per 100 barrels was levied under the Finance Act of 1910 and there was also thrown upon the brewer the necessitT of contributing towards the increased license duties on public houses. He was not com- plaining about the increased burden ; it was the enact- , meat of the majority of our governors in the Houses of Parliament and be accepted it. hut whatever their vlew en that question might be, he pot it to them that the common-sense result was that any tenant taking the premises with that increased yearly outlay would undoubtedly give a lower rent. Applviog the principle laid down in the 'Cross and Shuttle " case, the recent legislation had undoubtedly diminished the letting value of the brewery. . . .

The Valuer: Is not this a trade cost It is not on all-fours with an hotel. Surely, it is a trade coat, just as much as if they put an ears price On malt. I don't agree with your argument. Mr. Hatton : As a matter of practical common- sense, the man who takes on the business has to pay an annual out-going which he did not pay before, and I nay he would consequently give less rent. Continuing, be said his main contention wee that the annual value must necessarily be less than it was prior to the Finance Ant of 1910 and he had shown the committee his grounds for contending that the valuation at which the ' brewery stood prior to the re-valuation of last year, was,if anything, too high. lie wee bound to say that the reduction which the con, mitt( e previously gave to .£l,OOO rateable was really only a fair and proper judgment , under the existing conditions. The committee gave roughly a 25 per cent, reduction on the previous rate- ablo value. He found from inquiry that at Burton, the centre of the industry, in face of considerable opposi- tion the brewers obtained a permanent reduction of j from 2.t? 30 per cent, on their rateable assessments.

The Valuer said be had taken into account-71;1;a that the brewery was not at present working to its full capacity. He had had full information and had given so honest and, he hoped, a satiefactory valuation. The committee decided to confirm the figures recom- mended.by the valuer : £2,701 gross ; £2,001 rateable. . . . .

Mr. Hatton : I don't tank- cOu—sie—q-'ilite Lir:lu; justice. The Chairman said the committee ihetight that if they were erring at all, it was hi the appellaine favour.

LICISSED PR ES! 'SKS.

On the recommendation of the Valuer the committee reduced the assessment of the Barley Mow Inn, from £l2O gross, £lO2 rateable, to £lO5 grow, £O9 rateable. A hitch of appeals by licence-holders at Newton-in- Nlakerfield vas referred to the Valuer, as was also the appeal of Mr R W Copide against the assessment of the Hermit Inn, Croft, at £45 gross £3•3 Zig rateable. The following redactions recommended by the Valuer, were confirmed :—Filecutters' Arms, from £5O gross, £42 10s rateable, to .C3O gross, £2; lOs rateable; Moulders' Arms from £9O gross, £76 lOs rateable, to £75 gross, £64 rateable ; off-licence, SG. Bewsey-read, from .163 gro a £53 103 rateable, to .ClO goon, £3l rateable.

BURIAL GROUND !LSSESSNIZIIT.

On hearse' a report from the valuer, the oommittee reduced the assessment of St. James' Burial Ground, Haydock, from .£25 gross, £2O rateaslo to the nominal smouat of £5 gross, £4 rateable.

14AYD,,CK ASYLUM. The msessmeut of Haydook private asylum was reduced from £450 gross, £399 10s. rateable, to £4OO gross, £340 rateable—the figures suggested by the Valuer.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
BREWERS' LAMENT.

INCREASED SOBRIETY AND LICENCE

DUTIES.

Appeal Against Wilderspool Brewery

Assessment.

A meeting of the Warrington Union Assessment Committee was held at the Workhouse yesterday, Mr. A. Eraoks presiding. There were also present : Messrs. J. Billinge, W. Gill, J. W. Knowles, W. C Brooks, W. Furness, A. J. Jolley, E. L Bent, G. Mather, A. Bottomley (c'erk), E. Gunson (valuer), W. H. Wocdcock (assistant overseer for Warrington), and reveral assistant overseers from the rural districts. WILDERSPOOL BREWERY ASSESSMENT.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLIIERI6S.

On the recommendation of the Valuer the committee sanctioned the folioe log reduction of easemments in respect of Messrs. R. Evans and Co.'s colleries ; Newton, from £3,910 groan, £1,530 mteable to £1,601 gross. £1,345 rateable; Haydock, from £26,000 gross, £10,837 rateable to £12305 grow, £10,212 rateable ; Rurtonwood, from £2,976 gross, £1,353 ratesble, to £1,361 gross, £1,091 isteabla.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKED "PRIVATE."

Mr. R. Pierpoint and a New Annoyance.

Business anSputlic men are suffering from." a new abuse (says the "Standard.") It seems that a great msny of the letters sent through the post marked "Private," "Confidential," or " Personal " are really nothing of the sort, and men who have a large corres- poodence, complain that the chief advantige they obtain from their secretaries—protection from irrelevant and merely time-wasting correspondence— is beginning to fail them, owing to the tendency which the advertising quack and the begging letter-writer ars displaying to label their envelopes " Private," and to getting their communications past the oumr guard. Mr. Robert Pierpoint, J.P , who seas till 1906 member of Parliament for Warrington, has for some time been setting aside envelopes so marked, with notes as to their contents. An analysis of 117 of these gives the following results : Really private To some extent pi ivate Ordinary Ins-me-tax paper., etc , "on bin Majesty's service " Not private Of the last item 26 contained letters from benevolent monerlenders, and one a sample of cboc late from a firm of cocoa manufacturers. "The effect of this endorsement has been that trivial matter has been forwarded to me abroad," says Mr. Pierpoint. "A pamphlet about someb xly's eye tonic and a prospectus of a hook followed me to France, an application for a subsciiption to some little cricket club went to Jamaica. a request that I would take a ticket for a charity concert, to Italy. Soule years ago a publisher sent me by parcel post a gratis copy of a book on some social or political question, marked " Private." It was forwarded to me abroad at foreignl rates. A body called the 'Employers' Parliamentary Council " nevi to favour me when I was in Parlia- ment with much printed matter, generally in open envelopes, but marked ' Private.' " It should surely be an unwritten law that the words "private," "confidential," or" personal" should oaly appear on correspodence which is really confidential. The endornement on an envelope is a matter of common convenience which, apart altogether from the moral side of the question, it is to the interest of every- body not to abuse, since cantinued abuse will rob it of all value, and men with large correspondence will I have either to waste hours on the irrelevant or surrender their most intimate affairs to a secretary. This abuse of the endorsement on envelopes is only • petty matter, but is eryciptomif c fan imperfect understanding of social obligations. It is worse than criminal . it is vulgar.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
Furnlshing Problem -Solved.-

===== 0002601_19111104_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
GLOBE

Furnishing Co.

J R PEMBROKE 1: PLACE, iverpni

===== 0002601_19111104_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
Shares.

A GOOD Opening tor small Investors of ES sad L.'S.. upwards, 10 per cent guarantied —Write for particulars tO JOHN WARD. 31. Grattan rd., Bedford.* CUNLIFFE, RUSSELL & CO., Bankers, Share Dealers, 10, Place de 1a Bonne, Paric.—Send p.o or partics ; bankers' refs.; estab. 1088.

===== 0002601_19111104_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
Agriculture.

lIIIURP LOAM, Kettering old Obry, for Cernettoas 1 Mums, de.; 21s. too; truck loads delivered Cheshire and S. Lancs.—J. Dos, Park row, Nottingham

I_oo Hardy Perennials for 12s. cash, carriage paid correctly labelled, including Achilles Pearl Michaelmas Daisies, Campanulas, Hollyhock, Lupins Cileurrs,Pyrethrnm, kirigeron, &c. (good clamps,no seed- lings). Catalogue.—SSVA4F., Norsery,Waretam,Dorset.

WS FIRINGTO.C.—Priated sod Publiabed by JOHN We LK I rt & Co. (Warriegtow, Ltd., ht The Bermiwer General Printing Works liewley-street, and published by them it the mow place, Lod also at 2, The rEraleiner o,scee, Victoria-road, WIDNES. 3, Geoitge.street. Sr. II ILLY& 3, Market-street, EA EtrSTOWN. Clutcb-street, RENCCOILY. NOVEMBER I 1911.

===== 0002601_19111104_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
(Lemon, Orange and Citron) in lb. and Ilb boxes now ready. OBTAINED FROM ALL GROCERS.

PROTESTANT CHURCHMEN are heartily invited to the Services held every Sunday at 10.30 sm. and 6.30 p.m. it Emmanuel (Reformed)Churcb, Bold st. Warriagton. All seats free. Prayer Books provided , REV. WILLIAM T. JAYE (Cnrat•-in-ollario). CAIRO STREET CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER STH, 10.95 and 6.30. PREACHER: Rev. CHARLES PEACH, 8.A., t:tf Manchester). ALL SEATS FREE. BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER STH. Morning 10.30. MR. J. W. SHERLOCK. Evening 6.30. REV. H. WILLIAMSON B.A. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 7TH PREACHER: REV. J. S. CHEDBURN. ••• Morning 10 30. Evening 6.0. OFFERTORIES. W Y CtLEI FsEE CHURCH,yCWRGEREETNIAORNRIA,GI. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER STH, 1911. Morning 10.30. Evening 6 90. PREACHER: REV. JOHN YONGE. P.S.A. FOR MEN 3 F.M. BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER STH, 1911. 310EN150 10.30 : REV. W. A. BECKETT. EvENING 6.30: REV. JOHN GUNNELL. All Welcome. Hymn Book. provided. ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WLLDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER haw, 1911 PREACHER: REV. WILLIAM REID. 10.45 : 'Ye ere tte Lipht of tie World." 6SO P.M.: "North and South winds." BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLI3ORNE STREET TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER STB. PREACHER: REV. H. OGDEN. Morning 10.95 : "The Widening HOii2lo." Evening 6.30 : "The King's Highway." W edneseay at 8 p.m. " Wilmer-0 Conattaint. " INTERNATIONAL BIBLE STUDENTS ASSOCIATION. WATCH TOWER ROOMS, MARKET GATE ON SUNDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER STH, A LECTURE will be given by MR. WILLIAM HARRISON, of Sheffield. SUBJECT: "How are the dead rai!ad and with what body do they come." TIME TO COMMENCE, 6.10. Hymn Books Provided. No Collection. ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. Pr.ornwrou:Mu. JOSEPH BEECHAM. ()MURAL MANAGER: MR. A. H. LOADER. ACTING MANAGER: MR. B. WARBURTON. MATINEE (TO-DAY) SATURDAY, AT 2 O'CLOCK. "THE WHIP." ALSO EVENING PERFORMANCE AT 7.30. MONDAY, NOV. 6TH AND FOLLOWING NIGHTS, Mr, Herbert Reiland presents by arrangement with MR. GEORGE EDWARDES THE LATEST MUSICAL COMEDY "THE GIRL IN THE TRAIN." BAY RUSSELL as 'The President." STELLA GASTELLE as " Gotida Vander Loo," IsiticEs or ADMISSION :—Reserved State, 35., 2A fid. 2s. Unreserved Seats (early door extra), is., 911., 6d. Box Office now rpen it Theatre. Tel. 469. BRITISH WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION. - Please meet on WEDNESDAY NEXT, November tith, at 3 o'clock in BOLD STREET CHURCHROOS9. WARRINGTON BAND OF HOPE UNION A PUBLIC MEETING WILL BE HELD IN PARR HALL ON TEMPERANCE SUNDAY, 12th NOV. 1911. AN ADDRESS will be given by REV. J. S. CHEDBURN. Chair to be taken at *retook by REV. W. COOPER. The Singing will be led by the BAND OF HOPE JUVENILE CHOIR. COLLECTION. All Religious Bodies are requested to make special mention of Temperance on the above date. HILL CLIFFE BAPTIST CHURCH. RECOGNITION SERVICES of the REV. GEORGE CURTIS THURSDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER Dru. SERMON IN THE AFTERNOON AT 4 B 1 DEC. WILLIAM OWEN (Manchester). Collection. Tea at 5-15 Tickets 9d. each. PUBLIC MEETING at 6.30. Chairman •. Dr. HICHENS (of fleywocd). Speakers: REV. WM. OWEN, REV. W.S. LLEW ELLY N Bay. SILAS WINTON, REV. D. O. DAVIES, Ray. GEO. CURTIS, CHAS. E. PARKER Esti, J.P.. and Local Ministers. TBE WARRINGTON MUSEUM COMMITFEE beg to announce that the follow ing POPULAR LECTURES will be delivered, ander the auspices of the Ogden Trustees, by HENRY CADNESS, ESQ., Saturday, November 11, "BOOK PICTURES AND PICTURE BOOKS "Saturday, Novemter 18. 'THE CRAFTSMAN AND MS WORK." Lantern Illustra- tions. At the Masonic Hall, Bold St., at 7.30 p.m. Admission Free.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME, 70-TWICE NIGHTLY-SO. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6TH. FOUR VAGABONDS, HARMONIOUS COMEDIANS. BURT SHEPARD AND A PIANO. WALLACE WHITNEY, Comedian. FIE ATTIE FOSTER, Comedienne. MAUD ESMOND, Singer of Chorus Songs. ALBERTO TROUPE, Lqdy Equilibriste. KENNY KAY, Original Ventriloquist. GEORGE F. H ALL, The Yankee Story Teller. THE HIPPODROME PERFECTION PICTURES. McAU LAY & LAWRENCE, IN DRAMATIC EPISODE. Gallery, Yd.; Pit, 4d. ; Grand Circle, ed. ; Stalls, 1..

HAIRCOMBINGS made up 1/- per oz. COVERLETTE TAILS OF 1 snots HAIR FRAMES, PURE FROM 316 EACH. I HAIR. T. 8. BROWN, 3, LEECH ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL. rr RE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is 1. prepared to receive loans, either at six months notice or for a term of yeara.—Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal OfficeS, Warrington.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH TO-NIGHT (SATURDAY), 7 Ortocic. DAVID CLEGG, THE MARVELLOUS ORGANIST, WILL PLAY HIS FAMOUS STORM PIECE.' REV. HUGH WILLIAMSON, 8.A., PRESI DE. SILVER COLLECTION.

BOLD ST. SCHOOLROOM, WARRINGTON AFTERNOON CONCERT, arranged by Mies Mary Cornell, THURSDAY NEXT, NOV. 9th, 1911. Concert commences at 3 o'clock; carriages at 5.15. ARTISTES Miss HILDA D'ANGELIS. Soprano. lilies HILDA CRAGG-JAMES, Contralto. Miss AMETHE LEADBETTER, Violinist. Mile MARJORIE WIGLEY, Pianist. ACCOMPTS Mrs. LLEWELLYN DAVIES, (Wrexham). Miss MARY GORNALL, A R.M.C.M. Steinway Coxcert Grand Pianoforte. TEA will be provided during the interval free of charge to all threw in Reserved Seats. Reserved Seats, First Division, 55.; Second Division,3s.; Unreserved, 11. Tickets may be obtained from Mr. Pearson, Bridge at. (Tel. No. 501), on and from Monday, Oct. 23rd, and from Mims Mary Gorgon, Ribblesdale, Grappeaball. WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. President : SIR G. GREENAI I. BART, C.V.O. FIRST SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT PARR HALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22ND. SIR EDWARD ELGAR'S . BLACK KNIGHT," Galao's PIANO, CONCERTO IN A MINOR. and MISCELLANEOUS PROGRAMME. ARTISTES :—Mr. T. W PEARCE SOLO PIANOFORTE. Mies VIOLET ELLIS VocAtin. CHORES AND ORCHESTRA Or OVER 2CO PORPORM IRS. CONDUCTOR : MR. FRANK H. CROSSLEY. THE PLAN OF RESERVED BEATS will be opened at Mr. R. H. Pearson's, Bridge St., to Subscribers on Saturday nest, Nov. 11th, and to the general public on and after the following Wednesday, November 15th. Tickets for the unreserved portions of the Hall may be had at Pearson'., and also at Wadsworth's, Sankey St- LIONEL FAIRCLOUGH, Hon. Sec.

EMPIRE HALL SKATING RINK. WARRINGTON. SKATING : SKATING ! ! SKATING SPORTS NIGHT (THURSDAY NEXT), NOVEMBER 9TH. BALLOON RACE FOR LADIES, SILVER ROSE BOWL. HALF-MILE RACE FOR GENTLEMEN, HOLD CENTRE MEDAL DELIGHTED CROWDS, ALWAYS AWRY AND BRIGHT. THE THIRD "AT HOME" WILL BE H-41,D WEDNESDAY, NOV. Ir:11. SKATING, REFRERIIMENTS, AND MUSIC. USUAL PRICES.

Boydell Bros., Tailors, 43 Bridge Street, Warrington,

E. E. SLADER BEGS TO ANNOUNCE HE HAS OPENED 19, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, AS A HIGH-CLASS LADIES' TAILORING ESTABLISHMENT. COSTUMES MADE ON THE PREMISES FROM 214, GUINEAS. A FTERNOON COSTUMES, MOTOR COATS, BLOUSES, UNDERSKIRTS AND TWEED HATS.

WARRINGTON E.I. CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY LTD. Drapery Department, Sankey Street. The 64 KNOTLESS VEILHOLDA." Prices 1 2/., 3,- 01 special interest to Ladles who wear veils. for one week, from Monday, Nov. 6th, to Saturday the 11th, we have arranged For a Lady to give Demonstrations, shewing the advantage of using the " KNOTLESS VEILHOLDA," Veiling from Cc,. to 211 per yard. Use the " KNOTLESS VEILHOLDA."

AII.DININOANPPIXAON.O—ig ;or , GUARDIANSe position of NURSE and GENERAL ASSISTAN I! at the COTTAGE HOMES, Padgate. Salary .£2O per annum, with rations and apartments. Particulars as to duties, Sic., may be obtained on application to the Matron. The appointment is subject to the provision of the Poor Law Officers Superannuation Act, 1°96, for which purpose the emoluments are valued at £4O per annum. Forms of application my be obtained from the undersigned, and the same must be returned, duly coin- ' pleted, not later than 12 o'clock at noon on Tuesday, the 7th November, 1911. By Order, ARTHUR BOTTOMLEY, Bewsey Chambers, (Clerk). Warrington, Mat Oct. 1911. COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—The SANITARY WORKS COMMITTEE are pre- pared to receive TENDERS for Repairing a Steam- Jacketted Dryer, 61t. diameter by Lift. long. Further particulars may be obtained from the Manager, Longford Depot, Warrington. The Contrsctor whose tender is accepted, will be required to observe the recognised customs and con- ditions as to rate of wages and working hours prevailing within the district. Tenders, tecurely fastened, must be addressed "The Chairman, Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hall, Warrington," endorsed "Tender for Dryer Repairs," and delivered not later than Tuesday, 14th November, 1411, by 12 noon. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. Longford Depot, R. WILSON, Warrington, lit Nov., 1911. Manager.

HERBERT CI RAHAM. kir ESTATE AGENT, CANADA CHAMBERS, 359 BROWN STREET, MANCHESTER Strictly private cash advances arranged on Promissory Note to all persons worthy of credit, in amounts from EN upwards. Bills of Exchange and poet-dated cheques diecounted from 5 per cent. Ladies and Gentlemen entitled to money under Wills, Deeds and Reversions can have immediate advinces from 4 per cent, per annum. Mortgages arranged on good class property. No Loan Office formalities. All Communications strictly private. Personsl attention to all enquiries.

"7:st 0 Choice %-" China Teas THE fragrant tea of China is ideal for the hot weather, because it Is particularly cooling and refreshing. It has also a flavour of subtle charm which commends it always to the connoisseur. We have the choicest teas that China produces. and would like you to sample some. Buy a lib of our 2 - China, and see how you Like it. We are sure it will please you, but remember—we have others. • OWEN FAMILY GROCERS, 15, Sankey Street, Warrington.

TEETII EXORS OF TEETH J. H. PARKINSON TEETH MANCHESTER TEETH ATTEND TEETH 9 EGYPT STREET. TEETH WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Branches at TEETH NORTHWICH, WINSFORD and TEETH MIDDLEWICH (See Local Papers).

F. HALLETT 10, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. Over nine years with Eustance & Miller & Co. A choice and entirely new stock of Jewellery, Solid Silver, Silver-Plated Goods, Watches, Clocks, &Co SPECIAL VALUE IN WEDDING RINGS. A Present with each Ring. Very choice selection of Engagement Rings. Full range of prices. Private Room for the fitting of Engagement and Wedding Rings.

DRY /Of? BUY YOUR FISH DIRECT FROM THE MARITIME FISH CO., STEPHEN .NIOSS & SONS LIMITED SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, FISH DOCKS, GRIMSBY. ALL HINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, iffiglbe. 25., Fibs. 2s. 6d., 12Ibs. 3s.Sent carriage paid to 111 yso doing, you ensure getting very best quality STEAM, GAS,A OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXE any address; cleaned ready for cooking, Id. lb. ; extra if sent by psrcel post. P.O. must accompany ouch HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, Ac.AND REPAIRED, ALL HINDS OF WHEELS order. Quote paper. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON

JOHN AND HIS UMBRELLA.-0.2. a /4dinfir,4ll( \, \::::1:4 ii., 1 , ..... 1111 Jwohh yn hwe aas l wla I always y ardent 2 too • aviator, but his friends never could understand , 0. —7 his favourite Umbrella with him. John, know- \ ing soul, kept his secret \ . '4'• .'3 . ' 1 dark, till one day a terrific rentlin. g sound . / • 1 , . "y \ , $., was heard, aftd John's machine fell like a ' stone to the earth. Wa I His friends rushed to Aqt IPk" ' 4. N.:4 \ .• 'Mr' the wreckage expecting Ma 0,5 to find John buried A s" . ...s beneath it. But a few —1, / i . '.-z..... L > • P' moments later, John , ,: _ _ v,,t awliigtitil tehdis gracefully ,7.4.it:zr :0;4 7\7. • -- ;• - .s. s ~ .. ) ) t i -.. ...0 ).. , • Wilson's . .",,z__,..ii j ,fC--,,,, • ' ' Umbrella. (-) i-- •iiii • • • .., Wesel' these Umbrellas , 5 /-", _ t, ' .4,0e1l with all the latest '''' iiv A- A Improvements from . 1/3 UPWARDS. Why John took hi s Umbrella with him. J. WILSON & GO., Umbrella Experts, 48 Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

RELIEF OF PAINS BY USING WIDNES. RADROSE'S ENI BROCATION. ZIS, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, MO, £lOO. DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- Tr HERE'S nothing like it for banishing pains slob as A_ MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all 1 Lumbago, Sprains, Pains in the ./otots, Pains In Respeotablellouseboldors, on their own security, with- the Stomach, Headache, Neuralgia, Aching across the out delay, H on our simple written promise to pay back Loins, and all other aches and pains; Is. and Is. 9d. a FAIR AND ONOURABLE DEALINGS. ' bottle, from all Chemists, or post free from M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. RADROSE AND CO., JOHN E. GOODWIN, MANAGER. ,77 Dersingham Avenue, Manor Park, London E.

MRS. WALSH, 50 8c 52, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. is Now Showing a Choice Selection f INFANT'S CLOAKS, COATS and CAPES, MILLINERY, BABY LINEN, etc. Cots and Baskets Trimmed to Order.

i• - TO 15,000 LENT DAILY B. CIINNINGHAM, x„„ a ON THESE TERMS for agreed period :- 29, FROGHALL LANE, WARRINGTON. ES loan, Repay .£5 10s. I £25 loan, Repay £27 10s. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTELER OP £lO ~ ~Ell i £3O „ „ £33 Guinness's Stout, Bass's Pale Ale. Sass's No.l LIS „ „ £lll 10s. I £5O , „ £55 I Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. £2O ~ n £22 £lOO ~ £llO Devonshire and Hereford Cider. No sureties, no delay, no publicity Special attantios Whestley's and Slack's Hop Bitters. applicants from this di, strict. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IN BOTTLL CHARLES PAIKIN, ALAO MANCFACTCRERS Or 319, BRUNSWICK ST,OX FOR D R D., M A NrFIESTER; HI 3H•CLASS MINERAL WATERS. end at 19, WITTON ST.. (over Bradley'. Clothing Shop) Telephone 79. , NORTH W ICH.

f op. ~----- _......_ _ • . - MISTLETOE '• Orawonl Room Stove.

A MATTER OF MORALS. (Mi. Austen Chamberlain In the House on IVednes lay said that the Insurance Bill was "an immoral attempt to bribe the working classes.') .....r.i "ill I ll' . j 1 i• 111111\ ' %.p;:i2 k- I 1 1 , ,/ ,; il , , 11 , N 76, ‘kl ii\ %-rEie NI .5.,1 1 (//' 44), I lif . i r 'I , 1 ! 1710V'il T 0.47/// ' 1rrt0,,41... i 1..,5• i „,„ 4////,„. END 4 . •-•'•• : ~' V. i/ - • ir".! /i-, iiii -\ il ~ I 1111 II I ~ et, ~ ,x,'/ii".,l'' , -- -,-,-, --11,,, ,ir Z.} -:----g-6---'Cri.4E i' 7 / SICK 1 . ''' 11 111 \ll .f r ,c, . , . 4 , / , /A / I ~ AND G y ~,, ,PAy d „ , , ‘IT , ,C.) ••\•-7 ' MATERI4 sr , .., 1 ' „r'.-------_—: 111 / ‘ BENEFIT:s/, , . L 1'',41,e,'00:0',,1; ~, ~. ' r 77;, /a/ ---iiiA;o4*-li ,/ / i •;', ~' g, ' v,, , „ \\ \ 1 I 0 ' :,0 ‘ \ //41, /i 1 /, /'// ' 1 / / ' AUSTEN CHAMBERLAIN : "Oh, you immoral man, bribing the poor and helpless like that !" MR. LLOYD GEORGE : "1-'m ! I suppose your idea of morality would be to put A TAX ON THEIR FOOD!"

ANTHRAeITE STOVES. ECONOMICAL. CLEAN. CHEERFUL PRICE from 37 6. INSPECT lON INVITED. COMPETENT MEN FOR FIXING. J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, 51, 53 & 55, Bridge Street, Warrington.

We hold the largest stock of HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS In the-North of England. AND SELL AT THE LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH. IR &in, 34. to 48. LONDON-ROAD, HOTHAM-STREET BRIDPORT-STREET, AND FRASER -STREET LIVERPOOL Illustrated Catalogue Post I Free on application. Telegrams, "FURNISHING." Telephone 1214 Roy

i cova., •-, Nrbrldge's , UgygTOnte COWS.

rul ilk - ;#1 .t 1 t.- .il. Qvibridqe , Lung Tonic The most up-to-date, best known and most successful Remedy in the World for COUGHS & COLDS Invaluable to SPEAKERS, SINGERS and all who suffer from THROAT WEAKNESS. CAUTION:—Ask for "Ourbridge" and take no substitute. This is the Best, Cheapest and Safest way to recovery Prefran4 b; ' 11 W. T. OWBRIDGE, LTD. Illsastscinrers, Tse lanorstory. HULL Ettabhiked ilu. Bold .Or 1r here in 50t!!...! Is. 10, 2s. 9d.. 4o. 6d. and Us. COPY RIGHT.

Warrington Man Speaks v.„..,. s ...4.,.. „Every Picture Tells a Story," , „ . -,--. i / I. iiiii ll,y • AlLw(ii.4 ill 1 : I //// • a/// • .‘i /1: . / /

-rap ell.-1 x.,...44;,.., p ..AKER . _ - Oats are easily affected 101IP j ..i' i • :c. , by moisture, impurities. Af- , 4 •••,., and the odours of i 4-411V= *Alwifirtoig _ other foods, oils, etc. _ ......

CupsCosit w- . if you use , Symington's _ , It:my is great—yet 15 Symington's is equal in fragrance and strength to the -finest freshly roasted not. sym;xstom &.. co., Edinburgh Z.-• London, Be sure to ask for YMINGTON'S COFFEE ESSENCE.

_ I WILL GIVE YOU GC GENUINE TESTIMONY. MISS LILY ELSIE writes: "II is excellent and mont beautihdly perfumed, I shall always use it. MISS ELLEN TERRY writes : It Is excellent." MISS IRENE VANBRUGH wetter : • Quite excellent and most pleasant to use.' MISS JULIA NEILSON writes: " I like it very much." MISS FANNY BROUGH writes: .• Most excellent. Delightfully refreshing.' MISS GLADYS HUXLEY writes : It lath. BEST I have EVER used. - NOTHING need be added to convince you that THE ELSINE SHIN FOOD COMPLEXION CREAM IS THE BEST. It thoroughly Cleanse. the Skin of ALL Blenlishea, Softens. Beautifies and Preserves. Price 20. post free, or Cut out this aivt.. send with P.O. Is. Al . and get the sixpence 114 °Here] above S. pri'tor ROBERTS, PHARMACIST, FOWEY CORNWALL

IDEAL PRESENTS. -,,-- PERFECT SAFETY" SELF-FITTING • . ',At 1.11 ~' LEVER WATCHES Warranted Timekeepers. Open Face, lia:f-llonter. £ll. J. W. BENSON, LTD. Have made a special study of these charnung ornaments, and th,ir "l'ertect Safely" Sclf-Filling IVakli 13racelets now contain many ambulant improvements to be found only in their make. They fit any size wrist, and are made in several qualities in Gold from 1;6; set with Gems from 4:17, or Silver Cases, with Leather Strap, Irons 50s. Sold at strictly Moderate Priecs for Cash, or on " CbC MKS" System of MONTHLY PAYMENTS of aCI. RINGS OF BEAUTY M. 111: EY 41*14. -lop .1,...,,:r1.7.-j JI W. BENSON, LTD. --,, ', T , -•-, Sapphire, El 4 Show great originality of design con,- _._ _ ii-ii-r-A;) b tined with taste ; they prove the possi- '7-- - - b lay of securing the most exclusive and beautiful work at stLoeicctly hcliomeders,ate, r.;.S. linogi e . :Zoo. Ulllollli li ill ,n, . . Prices for Cash, or on ••••,..i.j.,- Systemi ..of !INSULT PAYMENTS of 10:- d p ......,,,m,, Pre-eminent above all others in the ‘ 7 ~.is • -4 essentials of quality and value; and the 4411----.-4;----111 . - • range of prices and variety of Gems is immense. £6. £l2 12s. SELECTIONS WILL DE FEST TO INTENPINC -1- - j, , .... BUYERS AT OUR RISK AND EXPENSE. t 5,....,.., 4 , ~. Illustrated Rooks, No. I. of Rings from II , rarer& atNregic.. (with one card). Watches from 12 Sell-I- Minn Watch "rl,'" Half ITO6II, Piraf..e. 17tiI.J„e7Vr. ''f;.,,, (II?. 2.1rt,''..l I ,„",...;'..T1.7' ve or ii to, £lO upwards Silver articles for l'o scats, Sc., will by sent post fire. £2 15s. J. W. BENSON, Ltd., 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, E.C.

EVERY HOUSEHOLD constantly requires a little inexpensive, safe, efficacious medicine for use by one member or another of the family. Men and women, boys and girls, evert of the healthiest, occasionally need a reliable preparation to relieve and correct liver, stomach, and bowel disorders, or any of the numerous ailments arising from a deranged condition of some portion of the complex system of digestion. There is no better and more convenient remedy than Beecham's Pills which are carefully compounded from pure and skil- fully selected ingredients of vegetable origin and are suitable for young and old of either sex. Everyone NEEDS medicine in some form or other from time to time. Ills not surprising that it should be so. Whether the cause of the trouble be due to unsuit- able diet or a run-down and enfeebled state of the digestive organs, a few doses of Beecharn's Pills will soon restore healthy conditions, as they thoroughly eliminate unhealthy accumulations, gently stir the sluggish organs to normal activity, increase appetite, Improve digestion and thereby exert a bracing effect upon the whole body. A trial is all that is necessary to convince anyone of the sterling value of BELcHAms PILLS Sold everywhere in boxes. price I I (56 pills)& 2 9 (168 pills).

_ COLDS, CATARRH, ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS, DEAFNESS, &c. THE NEW MEDICAL "ANTAPSAL" NASAL APPLIANCE FOR SUSTAINED AND INVISIBLE MEDICATION AT THE NOSTRILS. r - COUNTESS 1 ~,,, NOSS writes : - Felt relieved at once ;am now aim°. cored . P t It,. floe. Min Eowo. C „loos „.• Useful and simple invention : elves ereat relief... Tll Mom nom. Sr. Jous „ •• buff...al from Nasal Catarrh-it ,aniehed like magi.. t.. ' / PRICE 2100 AT BOOTS BRANCHES; LEWIS A BURROWS; AND OTHER CHEMISTS .. I AND LARGE STORES, OR DIRECT BY POST FROM THE PROPRIETORS. g 1 'e• MMES. POSTCARD TOR •001lIST AND TESTifACINIAL• TO TPA BRITISH " ANTAPSAL " APPLIANCE Co., v , N ? A 8 VERNON HOUSE, SICILIAN AVENUE, BLOOMSBURY SQUARE. LONDON, W.C. '

"In the organism of man, as in that of all the highesi animal!, the materials for the nutrition of every portion of the structure are supplied by the blood. If the blood is diseased the body is diseased." Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture is a guaranteed cure for Blood and Skin diseases. It is the most searching blood cleanser ever discovered, and will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs,Pimples and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials. Sold every- where at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt.7. CLARKE'S B, 41 PILLS are warranted to cure In either sex all acquired or oonstitutional discharges, from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 40 years. In boxes 4s. 6d each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln andMlaland Counties 'Drug Co., Lincoln.-Advt "Armies TO MOTHERS."—Are yen broken in your rest bya sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth? Go at once to a chemist, and get a bottle ol MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRI7P. It produce( natural, quiet sleep by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Uontains no Poisonous Ingredient. Of all Chemist, lw led. per bottle.—Advt- CANADA WANTS MEN TO TILL THE SOIL Farming in Canada means 100% Annual Profit. Get a piece of the earth—in the Empire—under the Flag. Canada's land is freehold land. Two years' rent of a British Farm will purchase improved land of equal area in Canada—Britain's nearest overseas dominion. z6o acres Government land free for farming. Work for all farm labourers and domestic servants guaranteed. For free maps, pamphlets, and full particulars, apply to Mr. J. McLENIsIAN, Canadian Government Emigration Agent, Old Castle Building., Preecon's Row, Liverpool; or to Mr. J. OBED SMITH, Assistant Superintendent of Canadian Emigration, it and 12, Charing Cross, London, S.W.

dd °OUTBID PP . Tbis Is no idle advertisement. twit • tmly marvel- long remedy for GOUT and all Uric Acid tronbleg. Try It and you will be grateful. It is absolutely harmless and a sure speedy cure. You need not suffer any longer. FIFTEEN DAY'S TREAT- MENT sent post fr, for 2s. M. GOUTRID AVENUE,I

PILES P„7=l,Y CURED Or. Setterie's Cones No surgical treatment. A natural cure. Hundreds of testimonials received. 26 per box post free from the manufacturers, THE BRITISH PHARMACAL CO.. BEXHILL.

1 spNTatit Mi DN

Theme tiny Copruiee reliere Kidney and Bladder Trouble promptly sod cure in forty-eight hours. Each Capsule been the mime " Midy." Bold by WI Chemists, or post free 314. Id., from WILCOX & CO. (Dept 50) 41 HAA rT, Lea Dosi.

`MERRYWEATHERS' HAND FIRE PUMP Slmpleet, Best, and Moe Rei,MMO FIRE EXTINGUISHER. / I. Nothing to get out of order. 2. Nothing to corrode. 3. Nothing to explode. 2540 out of the 4194 . Loudon hires were extin- guished in orie year by chug vnisossit pumps. . CA3tUg ' Write or eat... 69, LONG ACRE, T.C, LONDON.

BILLIARD TABLES Why pay Fancy Price.? " •' ' Buy directi from the met em. Satisfaction - guaranteed. Thotimnda ..' of Testimonials,. Our Boys' Portable TWO nft. by flf:. Complete with accessories, only 45.; a careful own- parisou of our prioes will convince you that we are the. cheapest is the market: illustrated list post fres.— BILLIARD TABLE Co., 761, Old Kent rd., Lyndon, S E

'ROSS' GAS MANTLES. stroßngrilytlbah tdl7l:on7ir tiPa:y tkintizi nevem Outlamany other. 17,-ed by Li s Cors- ipni. thernselvm. Upright W., inverted 6d.. or 46 and 5'6 doe. Of any leading dealer. If any difficulty direct & post free from the— ' 'OVUM APPLIANCIS CO.. C G Dem ) lk 17 City Read, London. 1.11

Warning to every woman and every man of to-clay! Scientific researches have conclusively proved: 1.. YOu get CONDEMNED to lose your hair completely because you suffer from a grave constitutional disorder caused by your present diet. 2. Even the smallest loss of hair is unnatural and an infallible sign of disease. Look at your brush and cons'. 3. Under your present mode of living not only your hair will gradually die off, and nothing can possibly save it, but you will i soon suffer other, !TIM grave disordess. Write to THE SAMSON PUBLISHING Co. of Great Britain.) 110 Great Russell Street. London. BCC, enclosing 61 an! you will receive. P.ut Free, thia work which is revolutionizing bath heinivphetev, which will vhaw you ts..w you shuul.l restore y,or hi•alita by improving your pieverit mode of livinz. Write for it without delay. It is a duty towards yourself. Every day on your pre- sent diet aggravates your condition and brings you nearer to the inevitable end.

riel,sdrf, Le-4 Se coy:. !sesta' klospoals wmZ, ii-ostarijobert,Vely. eau & others, surpasses everstlr ng Inthertr employed for ins purityolhlood spots,blotebeapam & 015o:etas kidney, bladder a uneasy shsesses,..i, sure, d.s. bastes. p.lles.crasel,paiesin back, goeSrbeeroa tmsseshaesbou. ceeplessness, &c. Three (orals N 05.1,2 &3, accorJlw to e... Price 2,9 partirt IL stamp post free in re t Bel rain f•sue The Le Clem Medic Ale Co. Haver. Nock itaucl.liaosr.acaal. Loaloa.s. vim Iva.' Chemist.,

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three S 1 Thirteen .rd. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... Is. Od. 3s. 9d. 24 ... ... 10d. ... 3s. Od. ss. Id. 32 ... le Od. ... 29. 6d. 4s. Od. 78. 6d. 40 ... ls. 3d. 3s. id. ss. Od. ... Bs. 9d. 48 ls. Sd. ... 3s. Bd. Ss. Od. ... 10s. Od.

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Howes Mrs. Funk's Private Hotel,so St George's rd.,Victoris London, S.W. Moderate terms, good neighbour- hood; clean and cornf. ; by day or neek ; amk for tariff . - -•-•

. _ UON.—avILLES First-masa ThaIPERANCS: EA HOTELS, 30 to 40, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. Electric Lift. Central for Business or Pleasure. Also at 70 and 71, EUSTON SQUARE. Close Se Euston, SL Pancras, and King's Cross Stations. Home Comforts, Cleanliness, and Qaiet.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (TUFT BY OLD WARRINGTON PsoPhi) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. ChOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TEST I MONT ALs FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

Apartments, Furnished Houses, &c. A LL REQUIRING Apartments,Houses, Shops' Flats, 111. &a, in London, Seaside or Country, see Dalton's Weekly House and Apartment Advertiser and Boarding House Guide. 16 pages to select from. Send for specimen copy, 21 SOUTH LAMBIRT RD., London, S.W BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board. Minute from NIL and pier Near station.—Mrs. litcionts,s Miller at., off Shaw rd. South Shore. LLANDUDNO and North Wales Coast—For Furniahed Houses, also Property for Sale and to Let.—Apply RYAN, Auctioneer, Llandudno. ✓IORECAMBE, W.E.—Mrs. FIRTH, Ferndene, 80 ▪ Regent rd. Comfortable APARTMENTS, per bed each night • piano, bath. Special winter terms with or without board. PRESTATYN.—Comfortahle APARTMENTS for winter months; good cooking, attendance; terms moderate; modern conveniences.—JoNss,Mselor House T. ANNES-ON-SEA, • FURNISHED HOUSE to let, at once, till end of Aptil,close to Melly') and links, terms moderate.--Apply 25. T. ANDRRWS RD. N. SOUTHPORT.—Detsched Furnished HOUSE, 9 remp., 5 bed., bath, w.c., kitchen, offices; convenient station, parks, sea; garden back, front; low rent; from Nov. lat.-18, LEYLAND RD.

irl_OT A HEADACHE? Oct Parr's unfailing remedy; Xfil poet free, 7id —PARR. 4 Westbury st- Sunderland elonstipetion completely cured in s few weeks, 1;6 Or 2,-.—RORISSON, Chemist, St. Budeaux. Devonport. VOCORN. King of Corn Cures. The original and .1..‘ mast effective, fid & 84d post free.—W. CARTER, 61 Darwin sL, London. 6 6 QELIP," the marvellous cure for Piles; numerous testimonials,l /9 post free from H.K. DUCKWORTH ASH CO. Gmnge-over-nds. INSOIdNIA ! ! I—l can cure you without drugs, pills L or medicines; send P.O. for in. lid. to-day.— SMITH, 29, Thohboree at., London, W. WONDERFUL Heeling Ointment for ruts, bruises, bore,, sores and all skin eruptions. Post free Is. Fortner!, 48 Renshaw at., Halme, Manchester. RHEUMATISM.—Why suffer? Wear anti rheumatic ILL socks. —7d. pair post free, from Airrt-Rtiermsno SOCK CO., 77 Mosely at., Southchurch. Essex. an Kure Salve for the most obstinate case of skin disease or rtinniog wounds; trial solicited;fd. stamp for hon.—MD:ono &Co.. 54,Ivanione rd.,Camberwell,S.E

P iles positively Cured by using Ur. Setterie's Cozies; no surgical treatment; a natural cure; hundreds of testimonials received.—Price 2e. 6d. a box from tbe manufacturers, THE BRITISH PHARMACAL CO., Bexhill WHY be Bald? Vaugban's" Hairsrower " epeedily produces luxuriant hair. Moat astonishing results. Trial box ad.—F. Va.comini, 30, Farrant Avenue, Wood Green, London N.

RHEUMATISM, Sciatica, Lumbago, positively cured by " Cnrafortis " ; thousands testify immediate relief ; most marvellous remedy discovered ; bottles Is. lid. and 2a. 93. post free.—Cl.7sA FORTIS CO., 110 John Bright at., Birmingham. FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE been universally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy for Aommis, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Lose of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes Is. lid., 2s. 9d., 40.6 d. and lla. (Sample sent free). Only addrees :- 309,PORTOBELLO RD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON

PLUMBING and DECORATING BUSINESS for Disposal; good position.—Apply 17, CAMBRIDGIt RD., ADSdell. ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO SELL are advised to consult Mr. COWDILL, Legh at., Warrington.

. A HERBAL BUSINESS for disposal, Main Road, .t X. established 20 3 ears, death cause of selling.- 210, WALLGATE, OLO-ESTABLISHED CLOG and Boot Repairing Business On Sale. Bear strict investigation.— Apply 110, BARKER 6T, Oldham. SOUTHPORT. Good Chip. Fish and Confectionery BUSINESS, taking £7 ; good house accommoda- HMI, every investigati NIL—SMITH, 28. Ashley rd. DAIBY BUSINESS for Sale: genuine; 20 cows kept : 550 gallons weekly; good reasons for leaving.—Apply ELLtrou, Brook rd., Metre., Liverpool.

_ _ Shops, Houses, Land on sale ON SALE, FAIRFIELD ROAD.—BOUSE oontain- ing 2 sitting-rooms ; lobbied ilircugh ; kitchen, scullery, pantry, 3 bedrooms ; bath ; h. and c. water throughout ; gardens front and heck • Site contains about 300 yards. Price, £282. Ground rent £3.—Apply Box 601, " Examiner" Office, Warrington. rro AMERICANS & OTHERS.—One of England's old 1- historical homes, near the Lskes, to be let (fur- nished preferred) delightful old home with all modern improvements,standing high in lovely old-world grounds; lfi bedrooms, 6 or 7 reception rooms,billiard room; excel- lent in-door and oat-door offices : stabling for 8 horses, standing for 3 motors with pit. U.; grounds inexpensive to maintain, views of mountains and sea quite unsur- passed; cr pital shootingover about 4,000 acree,inclading same grouse; also very good sea trout and salmon fishing; place is in first-rate order. Immediate possession can be given. Close to Railway and telegraph; fast service of trains to London. Rent inclusive, Cal.—Address OWNZR C/0 94, Bart at.. London, W.C.

.. c ::2 = a 2, 0 2) c co q 0 a E = FI ehristening Gifts in great variety. -I Telephone 303 x.

Miscellaneous continued. MAKE your own Hirtrthrup ; new cloth cut ready for 515.—MYERS, 64, Rowland place. Leeds. T EFT OFF CLOTHING bought, P.O. for parcels.— .5A Mu. TAYLOR, 3:1, Cemetery rd., Doncaster. Razors, superior quality, retailed at 2/6; exceptional bargains, 1/2 post free.—Kagmtio, Clay Cross. yous Character from photo. Hoed Is.—S.,"Darley," Victoria et., Ventnor I.W. Photo returned. 120 Patchwork Silks, la ; 40 large, is. No rubbish. PEARSE'S, 2,3, 4, and 5 Market place, Margate.

PKET MONEY Increased, liberal oom.—ATHOL ART STI:DIOS, 16, Belle Vue rd., S.W. FAMOUS Poultry Sploe.world-wide reputation,aotu al recipe, 7d.—lttmus, Peakirk, Petarboro'. FANCY Work designs appear weekly in Wolf ats's LIFE, price id, of all newsagent& p 0 ST any Old False Teeth to JEFFRIES. Jewellery Wellington, Salop. Cash offer by retu H. GIPSY Fortune Teller. Interesting and amusing. Post 7d.—EWER, 12 Cross at., Brighton. HOW to make Ink in 4 oolours,s stamtt:dS. lionsoN 9, Moorbouse View, Burmantofta, 2Collections Foreign SLEEVE, all different, 181 1/1, 961 2/9, good condition.—Lutssox, Barcombe. lIIST oat t` Blackanwite," greatest modern puzzle,7d. V/ P.O. Patentee.—C.Wirirrrr, 33, Milltown, Dundee

EXTRA hollow-ground Razors, 2s. each; satisfaction I guaranteed.—A, BROUGH, 36, Nelson at., H senor loventors.—Write for free advice on how to take out a 'Patent to J. B. PERCIVAL & C0.,61,L0rd st.,Liverpool HALL-MARKED Silver Brooches, any Dime Is. post free —W. E.WEanss, Jeweller, livde, LW elramaphone Records; 2/6, doubles 1/9, approval ; list sent.—Seymour, 88, Warrender Pk. rd.,Edin burgh 11111ose-Bloom imparts natural colour; harmless P.O. Ut 6d. box.—'Ton.wr,' 46,Risley avenue, Tottenham, N

Balaclava Day, Oct. 25th. Souvenir of The Charge. Stew p.—Newlsods, Bookseller, Camden Town, Lon tiZET Golf Clubs, bag; almost new, 216.6 d., approval —Sgvmora, 88, Warrender Park rd., Edinburgh. Vol. Special Real Indian Corry Recipes and photos of Sweet Dishes, see Woman's Life, price Id., Nov. 4

A- - - LL Mother's Questions about Baby are answered weekly is Woman's Life, price ld., by D 0 you know your lucky stone and date? Bee. Vibra' replies in Woman's Life, weekly; Id. all newassents

P-- HOTO POSICARDS of Yourself, Is. per dozen Samples and catalogue free.—Hacurrr's Works July rd., Liverpool. • AUN DRY GLAZING SECRET.—UIou like Porce- • lain. Recipe P.O. 71. this week.—R.T., 57, Chester rd., Watford, Herts. %%TOOL, 5 ply Black.-100 spindles at 2s 5A per head, or 51 per cut.—FRASSIt'S LTD. 60, I Argyle at.. Glasgow. paomPr Typing, neatly executed, 10d. per thousand words, or lid. per 72 words.—MlSS GORE, Elm Avenue, Atteabormigh, Notts. ▪ adieu frilled underskirts, patts. post tree, made from .1.4 double warp union shirting 26 leech, carriage pald.—Drsocs, 116, Market, Huddersfield. IMedinallraioens"fdoragog t..Collar,,aip with Reba attatcitrmeeenetd, State breed.— BAW DON, King at, Blackburn. ROSY CHEEKS FOR ALL—Permanent, washable Rosy Complexion with one box of Vereine ; P.O. 3s. VEREINI CO., Hull. ▪ AMB, direct from tbe hills of Scotland. Carriage RA paid 131 b. sides, 7s 6d ; Mutton, sides 271 b, 15s.— Duzw,472 St. George's rd., Glasgow. Accountant renders periodic al or temporary assist- awe to Merchants or Tradesmen ,• companies ormed.—Auditor,s4, o.borne Terrace, London, S.W. HAli 'MOW!: Fur Stoles,2 yards long, black or grey beautifully lined, 2s. 6d. carriage paid.—DEPT. F., 50/52 Fulham Palace rd., London.

POST FREE 4s. Ladies smart velvet Toque, any L colonr.-Douotas, Milliner, Northoross rd.,Dulwiob ITISITING Cards, 50, ii.; cash with order.—CAßD • PRESS, 145, Cleaveland rd., Crummil, Manchester. Fr—Half-gulnee Fountain Pests; given away ; lite te?-Write, Era CJ.,26. Perrymeal stjul%am, Lond. _lust Out. `Blaokanwite.' Greatest modern Poz‘le,from Patentee. 7d P.O —B Whittet,33, 11 illtowo, Dundee 12/6 Gents' new oxydised watch, goes for 8 days with One winding; Ladies', 155., approval.— R. JOHNSON, Wood lane, Hawarden, Chester.

EGGS.—How to make helm lay in winter, the great American recipe 116 poet free. Money regained in increased egg supply.—KlNG, Leeds rd, Bradford. P ROFITABLE, Educational, and Artistic Pastimes for both Ladiesand Gentlemen.—fiend riddrem for particulars, V15,.R, 50, Freehold sr.. Liverpool.

A N IMPORTANT HlNT.—Ladies, why throw away IX. your hair combings ?—Post them now to Wm. ODDY, Dept. 8., Dock Mills, Shipley, York. Cash, 4d. os anufacturers' agency sells everything ; write for .r.V.I quotations ; sale of watches : gents' 36,'6, 10f8 . ladies' 5 6,10, 6,g01d 35 '-.-31,Albio rd., Dalston,Lon.S.E'

BARGAIN.—Full-sized BILLIARD TABLE for immediate Sale; no reasonable offer refused.— Apply 81, BUTTERMARKET ST., Warrington. ATOB am-obtain anything you require at your own 1. price by writing to BRITISH SrPPLY STORRS, 4, Featberatone Buildings, London, W.C.

Val out Cards, 25 for 1/1, post free. State Xmas, New Year,Sosnery,com tc,aotrees.Cash returned If dissatis- fied. 50 21- ; 100 3/11. Wittralts,Chertsey st.,Guildford OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT Absolutely utmost value offered by mirror or Foss. KING & CO., Ulf Hart Street, London, W.C.

CHRISTRAS and New Year Cards. Autograph boxes, 10 cards and envelopes, grand value Is. post free.—Address CARDS, 79, Rusholme rd., Manchester. VVORMS in Dogs.—The famous Keeper Pills (regd.) VT guarantee cure; price with instructions, la. agents wanted everywhere.—Wanctxs, 4 Datcbet rd., Catford. erIHOCOLATES by peat—Genuine bargain. High-class 11l Assorted 11b. boxes. Fine 1/6. Superfine 2/3. Satisfaction assured. No rubbish.—RAßL's TRADING CO., 1 Hereford rd., Wanstead, N.H. ndigo Suitinge.—Good qualities at moderate prices Satisfaction guaranteed. Write for patterns.—H BROOK, 23, Thorn rd., Thornton Lodge, Huddersfield.

fieloiniog Money' will show adults how to add rapidly I—, and materially to their incomes, without specula- tion, trickery, or interference with their own business or profession; no goods to buy or sell.-Booklet by return on receipt postcard,L.Essing, 19-23, Oxford it. Lond„W DELIGHTFUL and UNIQUE PRESENT.—Genuine North American Indian-made Birch Bark Canoe, with pincushion, pout free Is ; money returned if not satisfied.—HAßVEY, 68, ?Anton et., London. Vruff Sets.—Special offer of long Silk Seal Necklets .11. and large flat Muff., 7/11, carriage paid. Remelt of special contract.—Apply at once to MASAGEBF.SS, Modes de Parisian Co., 54, Lower Thames et, R.C. IVEW Clothe For Old.—Gent's suits or overcoats 11 cleaned and pressed like new for 7s. 6d. and returned in 3 days ; we pay carriage one way ; satisfac- tion guaranteed.—Send P.O. with garment to City Tailoring & Renovating Co .57,Stepney Oreen,Lood.

L ADIES only.--We shall send to any lady a valuable Beauty Secret, Is. P. 0., money refunded if not absolutely ElntiliffiCtol7.—PAßlSlffillOlLllT SeZCIALITE Co, It, Bouverie Sq., Folkestone. RADULIFFE BONE CULLac ti.—rrsoe, from 21s. 6d., carriage paid ; catalogue with instruc, Bons for feeding green bone, post tree.—RADcLIFFE Bone Cutter Works, Greenfield, Oldham.

TSE OUR PLATES.-8 Plate, 18.3 d., 1 71d. Pop or V Gaslight, Post Cards is. 3d. 100. Samples of catalogues free.—Strow Roosts 246, West Derby rd., Liverpool 3 minutes from Olympia. BKAU I IFUL band-loom Bow tablecloths, size 2 z 2,6 s. 6d., 2 z 2, 71. lid., 2 a 3 yards, 6.. 6d., stripe or dice _pattern. Cartiarps Drar er, Klrriemair. VV IN [RR Uaderwear.-3 Heavy Fleece hoed ander- • Tests or pacts, as. 6d post paid; most comfortable and durable, exceptional value,atate size.-41.8EAB000K, 202, Francis rd., Laptop.

J) 11RECJ: from Loom to wearer.—Spiendia but Lengths, 9s. to 265.; also Overcostinp ; latest novelties ; patterns free ; carrier! paid.—WEST RIDING MANUFACTURING CO., Goloar, Huddersfield. VISE, Flab, Fish.—Choice, selected buses of fresh caught fish, cam paid, 61b. 25., lfib 2s 6d ; 11Ib 33 ; 141 b. is. 64.; carefully cleaned, ready for cooking.— GENERAL FISH SUPPLY CO., Grimsby Docks. 'JOUR SON'S COMM—FaII information, professional advice, and assistance in placing boys in a good suitable occupation ; apprenticeships arranged,succeadul butiness careers assured-Terms from CAREERS BUREAU, 2, Virginia at., Liverpool. A stounding Offer.-12 artistically designed autograph CV Xmas Cards, with silk cords attached, assorted, designs, with envelopes to match, the lot seat post free for Is. P. 0.; cards usually sold at 44. esoh.—KOOM 30, 154, Bishopsgate at., E.C. Order at once. Only a imited number. 111 fit EAUTIFUL RUSSIAN WOLFE SKIN Drawing. Room Hearth Rug, make good Carriage Rug. Nearly new, worth double, money returned if not approved of. P,ice 238.—Mrs. COOPER, 66, Mamma st., Ardwick Green, Manchester. DEAL NAVY SERGB, Government Quality.— A it+ used in the Royal Navy, Is. 44. and Is. 61d. yard Carriage paid. Send for patterns. CRANSTONE & SONS, DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, PORTSMOUTH.

AN Important wny throw away your Hair Comings, post them now to WILLIAM ODDT, Dept. C., Dock Mills, Shipley, Yorks. Cash 4d. per oz. sent per return. 9 it seat at once will ware a Ross" 15s. silver- 4'/plated safety razor outfit with 6 double-edged blades, in handsome presentation case; wend at once. if all sold, full amount returned immodlately; a wonderful barge n. —R os s Woowns Short at., Lambeth, London,S.E Increafe your Income by Silver Plating household -11. articles at home: interesting and profitable hobby; full instructions with boo of " C.B.'' Silver Plating Powder, 81d, post free.—CLARK BROS., 2, Third Ave., Walthamatiow, London. HOW TO DETECT BAD MONEY A simple and effective device for the instantaneux detec- tion of COUNTERFEIT Money and base metal extremely beneficial and absolutely necessary to all Traders and Cashiers in connection with doubtful Money. The 'Reliance' Base Coin and Metal Tester A NOVELTY FOR ALL. Made in nickel-plated form fee convenience of Pocket. I'OST FL LE 1,1 from The SOUTHWARK BRIDGE PUBLISHING COY.. 2Southwark Bridge Rd. Len. li.S. l,zae *.P1•14,d

TELEPHONE 337 x. BARGAINS IN PIANOS, &a "PIANO BY BRINSME AD. £5 0 0 P lANO I- BY CHAPPELL £8 0 0 PiAIINJNO.BROADWOOD, £8 10 0 ROSEWOOD CASE. DIANO BY R. ALLISON, £l2 0 0 WALK) I' CASE. PIANO BY JNO. BROADWOOD. £l3 0 0 P'AIT NY. WAGNER. £l9 10 0 PiAIIAN FRAME, £22 0 0 BY UPTON GILL. PIANO, IRON FRAME, OVERSTRENG, £2B 10 0 BY GORS .54 KALEMANN. DIAN% IRON FRAME, OVERSTRUNG, £34 0 0 LATEST IMPROVEMENTS, SLIGHTLY USED, BY lIOPKINSON. EACH PIANO FULLY WARRANTED. Fell money allowed on these Pianos if exchanged for caws expensive instruments. TUNED FREE FOR 12 moNnis. TERMS : FROM Is. PER MONTH. WADS WORTH'S 59, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

LOUSE TO LET.—" Maass," Whitedleld rd.—A Li Moun,ISLD," Epworth," Whiteßeld rd., Stockton Heath. QUPERIOR HOUSE To Let, 87, St. Mary at., 2 entertaining rooms, 3 bedrooms, bath, h. and c., w.c. Rent .£lB.—ElAwos, 83, St. Mary at. COLWYN BAY.—Well-furnished Houses, also Unfurnished ; Good Boarding and Apartment Houses to let. Houses for sale. Stamped envelope for Iist.—BOWIRERS, Estate Agenta. 17, FISHERS BROW, Lock-up Shop; salt Bo Whet rent 6a, 6d. per week clear. PINNERS BROW, good Shop, 7s. per week clear. 16, GENERAL STREEI, rent 4s. 3d. per week. 30, WELLINGTON STREET, rent Is. per week. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketb, good semi-detached, Residence ; large garden ; sunny situation; reduced rent. MARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Double Office, most central position in town; good light; .816. OFF SANKEY STREET, Warrington, 2 Storey Wars house with cart entrance, rent £l6. 19, PIERPOIkiT STREET, rent 45 per week. Apply ROBZRT Lowe, Estate Agent, No. I Bank Street Warrington Telephone—No 55

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. PRICES 2/2,2/4, 2/6 and 2/8 per lb. THE NATIONAL TEA CO., 16, HORSENIARKET ST., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques given with the Tea may be exchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to s dividend of 40 per cent. HEAD ESTABLISHMENT 50, and 151, Friargste, Preston.

21 STIFF WINTER In that case you need one of our extra comfortable Ulsters, and the weather will cease to trouble you. Travelling men especially know how useful they are. Is e@MING Warm without 111 1,11 „ 11,, being heavy, „. roomy, smart 11 looking.& will 111 \ last for years. F- Vf# Ft- g lir: I it I Prices. _ 4 IYI if- 20/-251- 30/- 35/40/ Manchester Clothing Depot, 10, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

SCOTT'S RAGLAN COVERT COAT TAILOR MADE. Cannot be equalled at the price.

s • ~.:11; - , Ji---

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. The old nod tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR- J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. Invaluable for COUGH% COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHNIA, NEURALGIA. REFUSE to be pit off with a SUBSTITUTE. The original can be had of ALL. CHEM ISIS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME; Is. lid., 2s. 9d., es. 64. the prices DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

SCOTT'S 8 HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON. (Next door to the Manchester. Clothing Depot.)

Furniture Carpets Decorations Garnetts Established Manufacturers when George IV. was King WARRINGTON and LIVERPOOL (122 Bold Street).

:00 sAI N. GREEN THE SPOT SHOP (FISH MARKET., FOR EVERYTIIIN Gr

J. & W. DUTTON Beg to announce a Special Display on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday next, in their Showrooms, of Ladies' Evening Dresses, Theatre and Dinner Gowns and Blouses, including French and English Models, also an ideal collection of Evening Cloaks & Coats A Special Novelty will be the Japanese Embroidered Kimona Coats.' 16, 18 & 20, Sankey St., WARRINGTON.

propounded, but it is unfortunate for Lord Wolmer that the first object of the wrath of the elders of his party is his hill.

Sick-room Requisites 1 This part of our business has more than ordinry care and attention. We keep as complete and as up-to-date a stock, of articles for the sick-room, as possible. Very often the life of a patient depends upon the speedy use of some special food, drug or appliance. Doctors' Prescriptions ore made up with such rare and accuracy that the whole of the doctor's ottention is earned out, as he himself would hare carried it out. And this is time at our well known low cash charges. BOOTS GS M E Emil sT so i i Corner SAN KEY St, and BRIDGE St. 126 BRIDGE St, Warrington. __.‘

FREE. FREE. FREE. A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS TO ALL USERS OF A GENUINE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT, EDISON PHONOGRAPH A Most Useful Article will he sent post free on receipt FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL. 99 of s id. postcard, giving tura of Machine—Gem, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, Standard, or Home—and Special Number of Maobine,to JAKE GRAHAM, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. Red or Salt-glazed Finish, 13s. 6d. Prices Quoted 76-765, RENSEIAW ST., LIVERPOOL. for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on Application.

BEST VALUEOINDTOWN. ELECTRO-PLATE, WATCHES, I i and CLOCKS. MILLER & Co., to, SANKEY ST, WARRINGTON.

FOR ALL THAI' IS NEW IN CXEDDES'R DANDELION COFFEE. ART NEEDLE WORK THE BEST AND CHEAPEST GO TO EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS J ONES AND BARBOUR, 114 CANISTERS 50., 100., AND IS. SD. EACH. LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S OUTFITTERS, •WHOLESALI BF AGINTS FOR" CHILPRUFE " UNDKRWEAR. J. GEDDF:S 8c SON LTD. WARRINGTON 36, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

Telephone 581. Established 1878. JAMES CRITCHLEY PRACTICAL HIOH-CLASS TAILOR, 115, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. Begs to announce to his patrons that he is now showing THE SEASON'S GOODS in Dress-suitings. Overcoatings, Suitings and Costume Cloths.

£3 TO £l,OOO. Fr HISIS THE ONLY OFFICE WHERE PRIVATE LOANS ARE GRANTED to all persona worthy of credit without publicity or Money-Lenders' routine. If you require a PRIVATE LOAN, and honourably Intend to repay, then waste no time on tempting adverts. It is admitted by hundreds of clients that oer business is conducted in a straightforward manner. Repayments can be arranged 18 follows, Or as mutually agreed upon. £5 loan 16 weekly £5O loan 10,1- weekly £lO „ 51- weekly I £lOO „ 181- weekly £25 „ 6/- weekly I £2OO „ 35/- weekly hate rola from 2s. in the £. No connection with any other office. M. SEFTON, LTD., MISS COTT ERILL; MANAGERESS, 81, CAIRO STREET. WARRINGTON

PIONEER FURNISHINGBOL D st. STORES. LIVERPOOL. IN CONJUNCTION WITH OUR SHOW OF NEW AUTUMN GOODS. We are offering exceptionally cheap lots of Down Quilts, Blankets and Irish Linen Goods. All about to Furnish should pay a visit to this popular establishment. LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES FOR CASH OR EASY TERMS. HIGHLY ATTRACTIVE STOCK. LARGE MONEY SAVING GUIDE FREE.

Tel. No. 123. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington). Tel. No. 123. E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILEEMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean Weil-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 30 per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight); Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, die., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Mdellinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, Oil Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors, El,E(''r RIVAL ENUINEERING Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing lip to 5 feet square. Slotting up to IS-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, She ring and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during an establishment over 60 years.

nil rent •= 1.1 PEL/C/oLIS

5T ON --='''."*- * •-.L.-- , .17.\ • : Ilieleit-5, t SOC/ALI, 0)-' -- ,

i. • "Has kept me • I free from Colds', I • I4a Inglemere Road, Mitcham, Surrey. • IDear Sirs,—l have taken Angier's Emulsion every winter for the past twelve years and can unhesitatingly recommend it for colds and lung affections. I first began taking it on my doctor's prescription after a severe attack of pneumonia ; at the time I was extremely, weak and my life was despaired of. In a month I regained my health and had added a stone in weight. Ever since, during the winter months I take a dose after dinner and again the last thing at night, and it has kept me • quite free from colds, to which I had previously been subject. I think it also has a • most beneficial effect upon my digestion. (Signed) 13. T. SINCLAIR. I ANGI ER .',--,::") mu LSION I • Angier's Emulsion is soothing to throat, lungs, stomach and intestines. It • Inot only overcomes heavy colds and relieves and cures the most obstinate coughs, but it keeps the digestive organs healthy, and has a wonderfully invigorating influence upon the general health. Angier's Emulsion is unequalled for coughs and colds, bronchitis, asthma and all throat and lung affections. It is pleasant to take and agrees perfectly with delicate stomachs. Of Chemists, 1/I}, 2/9 and 4/6. • A FREE SAMPLE • LTHEsent on receipt of 3d. postage: mention this paper. ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ltd, 68 CI well Road, London, E.C. 0.1111111111.1.1.061111.1.1111111M00.0011.1.11.0.MM1M0S

---- NEVER /BE WITHOUT HOLLOWAY'S pus AP OINTMENT

-- ----- _ 10411/IVSZ VIE 1111111• eft • /Wm. Ins DLIIIIIMIre RATS & MICE i...,-,..r.,..r..7=1:Xrntn: DANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., 801 2V a I..dealkoll IMlnet I.sed. la sod .1 *ll Nu*,

HIGH GRADE TAILORING ON EAST TERMS. tie Deposit and lia 3 or 6 Months Credit it preferred. Fieirr-mtss Curt Ells EMPLOYED. Sworn Vastury. NYw EFT DESIGNS. No EXTRAS CHARGED A/Mott:TELT BEST VALLE Eatablisbed 1885. All transactions strictly coofiteotial. Thousands of original testimonials from delighted wearers can be spected at our offices. One Reprmentstive is in Warrington & District daily, and a Post Card will bring him to your home with patient. Do not heultatr. try on for that ritut or Overcoat you ward just now. Writgrall or 'phone MO City Hatardaysi 9 to 3 LAWRENCE & CO., Smart City Tailors, first floor'. 72 MARKET STREET, MANCHESTER

Do your Eyes Trouble You? Do things ever seem to grow misty and blurred? This is a warning of Eyestrain and •ou should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble. By our scientific tests we could tell if you need Glasses, and in that cane supply those which would give the greatest posubie benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER 6 SONS Eyesight Specialists, 7.22 LORD STREET Bab. ISM. LIVERPOOL

eet r111:51 , ivylost • Cures when all remedies fail. It acts like magic relieving all pain 1 and throbbing and soon cures I the worst CORNS and BUNIONS. Boxes as Ild. of 1 all Chemists. LM. BEETHAM & BOA,

VERCOAT Special Show of Entirely New Stock of WARM ALL-WOOL FLEECY MATERIALS for Utz Winter's Wear. cAlready we have felt the advance of what is prophesied to be a very cold winter, and those who intend to resist its discomforts and ensure their good health by buying an overcoat will certainly act wisely. "SUITS LTD.," of Jubilee Buildings, Horsemarket-street Warrington, have specially prepared themselves for this season's Overcoat trade, and their show of materials, consisting of Fleecy Woollens, Naps, Irish Friezes, Scotch Tweeds, Meltons, and Beavers is the finest and the largest to be seen in Warrington. For the man who wants his Overcoat making to measure there are over 1,000 bales of Woollens, each of a different textured design, all weights, to select from and for those who prefer to buy an Overcoat Ready to Wear" SUITS LTD."have had made in their own factory about 500 Chesterfields, in all the Latest Styles and cut from the same materials as they are showing. SO that the most fastidious tastes and requirements can- be supplied, quite easily. at Jubilee Buildings, Horsemarket Street, in Either "Ready-to-Wear or " Made-to-Measure " Overcoats. THERE ARE REASONS cWhat is wanted, and what 'SUITS LTD." supply, is an Overcoat that does not hang on the shoulders like a dead weight and produce discomfort, but one you can wear for twenty-four hours if necessary without feeling tired, and at the same tittle preserves the natural heat of the body and allows you to go about your work or pleasure feeling pleasantly warm, and almost forgetting it is winter or even that you have an Overcoat on at all. London skill in cutting, and the new All-wool Fleecy Materials which "SUITS LTD.," have at great experimental expense produced, have overcome the disadvantage of the old- fashioned Overcoat, and now you can purchase a garment that it is a pleasure and a treat to put on. WARM ("'"ll,:trftg) ROOMY & SMART in "SUITS' LTD." prices are, as usual, the lowest of any firm in the world, and their Overcoats, double-breasted, with belt at the back and strap cuffs, are being offered at from 20/- either "Made to Measure" or "Ready to Wear," whilst single-breasted Overcoats can be had from 18%6.

Note carefully the Address and call at : "SUITS Limited" JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

Again the Scottish farmers have sent their best to the Provost Mills. We pay more this year because the cl7—op, though wonderfully fine, is small. You do not pay more. Provost Scotch Oats are the pick of the best Oats that Scotland's fertile farms can produce. Look for the word PROVOST on the packet and firmly decline all imitations.

I, DISTRICT

ENS II

1 flesh& Bone Eaten away by , ECZEMA , , , . ... AWFUL TORTURE ENDED Ely Marvellous Cure. " IL - , 'CO nine years I couldn't put my hand in D3I -.; 4.=- 1161 r water; now I can do a day's washing with . anybody," said Mrs. Johannah Williams, 2, John i 1 , v Street, Aberdare, S. Wales, after her marvellous cure of terrible eczema by Zam-Buk. . --' - 81** --.-----:, - "My left hand was covered with eczema," Mrs. Williams told a - Merthyr Express" reporter. "It i _;„ -_-• grew from a small patch of inflamed skin to a great mass of running sores, with Itching bleeding cruets of scabs. Often I felt like I ' scratching my hand to pieces. i.„,......0:7 1.,. " The eczema ate away skin ."-• and flesh and also destroyed part .11,.i. *, ef a finger bone. For over a year Williams, ' " a nurse came every morning to dress Abertlam my hand, but at last one doctor said , ,e- there was no cure for me, as he had never -......0"44 seen such a bad case of eczema. , 7,, \f .N..._. , . "Then a book was left at our house telling of many wonderful ' / --. .'• Zam-Buk cures. After reading it my husband got me a box of this _—_, Z Am-Buk, which acted like magic, particularly in relieving the ~. ',slap," •. i iching, and burning sensations. I persevered with Zam-Buk and the use gradually returned to my fingers. In the disease-eaten ' ... ..4-- . holes good flesh appeared, and my whole hand was finally : .t. ' 1 - . covered with splendid new skin. My marvellous cure caused quite a sensation and is the talk of Aberdare." I ..., , . -- ,I 3 i - A a.m. u-k ~.., •,, ~..0,,. A • - „e„ , - ' , . ..t\ - 10404 :,.• Will Cure Ringworm a i -- n' Thd L. it ei i _ .

j "The Cook's Best Friend." 4, BORWICK'S / BAKING POWDER. ~

GREAT SURPRISE Absolutely Free. Tom elegant real silver Cent,' ladies, Watch, three-quarter F.cled, fully Jewelled. Laser • ' 1,. ,sernent, Perfectly timed, written \ 1 arrant,. for five 3ears, or any other jewelled Gold or Saves article out of our Price I.ist : good • value from M. to lIW- ),,, ~.t have free. All we ask. enclose star- -s1 odcl•essecl envelope, .cl 3 .0 a . I , al:. Our only address . FOGEL'S WATCH ANC CLOCK CO., 32 & 31 Pistagoil NI andel% Seefrielfela. K. _ —

HOW can I increase the pur- chasing power of every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture ? The solution of that problem will be found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic, sturdily-built furniture, our perfect manufacturing and se ling organisation enables us to quote prices that are much below those charged elsewhere for the same articles. No matter whether you

Furnish for Cash 0.:....-- Convenient Pagment Sgstem

your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth noting.

We allow 2-n the g dieeount for Callon Payments cam be arranged to sun Customers convenience. No objectionable agreements to sign. Every Article manufactured nodes our own direct control and supervision. We pay carriage to all parts. Goods delivers in Primte Vans. IC=lfrrue'hainCli Rea.ttlitstsf. Cuftioters for the phenomena: growth colour business. We unhesi.ating.. Guarantee. article that th.es give asolute tans'o .n. Plr Write or call for Catalogue IPI

_ Education. Littu:s I St.ultuODl and Sumas-mon ; with or without board.—Apply 9, MONKS ST , Llvely lane Warrington borthand ins week' (post (reels.) d other hicEsran I.7tillbortband Publication fiend forlist) way be bad from Prettsmia, 98, Manley Gardens, hi newel! Hill, N. LASV CHANCE! !—Appointments E 1004330. Free Postal Course of Leiser's. open to ell, for Sanitary Inspectors, Health Visitors and Scbod Nurses' Certifi- cates. Liverpool mod Manchester Extunnations, 500 successes.—blesuns, Sanitary Expert, Sunderland., THE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS WARRINGTON.— Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Boys—Principal, MISS HELM°. LLA., A.C.P. Stsft includes BA, and L.R.A.M. Half term commences Wednesday, November 9th. TOCK TO N LODGE HIGH SCHOOL 0 STOCKTON HEATH. WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from car terminus,) Day and Boarding School for Girls, Kind tea. Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, extroosini grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great Successes In examination. The Next Term will commence on THURSDAY,: Sept. 21st. Prospectus, references, and views on spplications, to Misr" FARTINOTON, PriLeipal WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH YOUR BOYS AND GIRLS ? DO you wish them to take ups Commercial Career DO you wish them to enter the Civil Service? DO you wish them to enter one of the Prefestions ? THEN CALL and consult E. SMART A CO., Buttermarket-street, Werriegton, the oldest and most successful Business Training end Civil Service College in England. Fees from £2. 2s. per quarter. Ladies and Gentlemen are given a Bret class Business Education, equipped with everything necessary to ensure a successful Commercial Career ; and guaranteed a good position when efficient. Fees from El Is. per quarter. Tuition is given in all subjects forstl branches of the Civil Service, Professional Preliminaries, Banks Railways, etc. Under our methods of tuition, sincess certain. Open from 10 to 9. Call Any Day, Any Hour. E. SMART & CO., BUITERNIAREET STREET, WARRINGTON

- - - Horses. Carriages, Live Stook 10111AYING PETS.—Milch Roots and_pratty little hid. for salo.—Partloulars. MAR 11,r, Crtioleiah, Sanwa Q,IIARP COB, with Cart and Hanson ; lot ; oast a-r Lurry ; will Itmad.-45, TRAVIR ST., London rd., Slarachaster.

VOR SALE, three Redcap COCKERELS, pars bred, 1. hatched May, Ss. M. esob—S. Humeri, Imsobsid. Wearbead, Co. Durham. - - GOVERNESS CAR to salt 12 hands Pony, goo. condition, 2.-25 LILY IT., Stubskaw Cross Aabton-in-Mokertield. G°YE:KRESS CAR, Pony &lid Harness ;splendid condition ; price £27 10r. net : no dealers.— T*v Loa. 3, Sprier Gardens, Manchester. SMART PONY, 13 bands, 7 Team, harness, flab act fruit crrt, lot EA,' also pony 12 handy, harness ant flat cart, lot £5 10s.—Pl.tresixo, 45, Hanam, Blackburn VOR SALE, SALOON RCS', to carry with raisomsble top to form Wagonette. AlfiO Landau and Stead Cob. chomp; room wanted.—J Nutt.. Market at., Stretford.

MARRIAGE. PHAR 40E—CR AIK.-00 October Inds, it the Warring. too Parish Church, by the Rev. Csooo VVillis, James Pha.aoh, of Cheeterfiell, to Lidan, da n ghter of Councillor sad Mn,. Cr ik,Oreea desk, Mau:hested rd. IS MEIIOIII A H. ID loving memory of our dear eon and brother. CAPT AIN T. P. TILLING, who artaiost at see, 7:9 November, 1910. "The see, the blue b0a,.., has one: He lies where pearls lie—deep. He was the loved nf all, yet noun O'er hie lone bed may weep." Until th• day break arid die ebadows flee away." )b. ..d Mrs. R. Tilling sad Family. Welton Cresceat, Lower Walton. - -
